1;1;A good song that is fun to listen to despite meaningless lyrics.
1;2;Ever since making her 1990 English debut with Unison, America instantly fell in love with the young black-haired girl who had a remarkable voice that could really make a sad or beautiful ballad a real sensation.
1;3;Stand By Your Side: 4/5 Good sweet song with great lyrics!
1;4;This is pure listening pleasure.
1;5;This is pure listening pleasure.
1;6;This is pure listening pleasure.
1;7;"I Drove All Night" is going to be a pop classic.
1;8;The song lyrics and everything is just wonderful.
1;9;I do not ever skip a song on this album...The whole scope of this album is about her deep love and devotion for the man in her life...It is also a very sexy, romantic album...I love her dance re-make of I drove all night...This song is great live...Love is all we need is a good uplifting song...Faith is a great mid tempo song.
1;10;Track 9 Have you ever  been in love, is in the department of strong love songs, with Dion`s romantic touches drizzle like angeldust in your ears.
2;1;just like I remember, very good
2;2;The music is great but the event also shined a light on the sad fact that so many people arrived hoping to get something for nothing.
2;3;just like I remember, very good
2;4;this is the first album I bought when came back from Vietnam.
2;5;this is the first album I bought when came back from Vietnam.
2;6;Ten Years After's "I'm Going Home" is lusty and perfectly captures the mindset of young soldiers itching to get back to normal.
2;7;this is the first album I bought when came back from Vietnam.
2;8;The music is great but the event also shined a light on the sad fact that so many people arrived hoping to get something for nothing.
2;9;But for that moment, it was an extremely large party with the best music and will go down as the most memorable in history.
2;10;but I love to listen and still believe that we can exact some change if we pray for peace.
3;1;I sincerely hope you enjoy."
3;2;His positive influence is being felt world-wide, by children in need.
3;3;It's all good, and I am so thankful Josh exists!
3;4;His positive influence is being felt world-wide, by children in need.
3;5;His positive influence is being felt world-wide, by children in need.
3;6;We travel alot and in doing so this is a very good CD to take along or just have at home.
3;7;We travel alot and in doing so this is a very good CD to take along or just have at home.
3;8;His positive influence is being felt world-wide, by children in need.
3;9;His positive influence is being felt world-wide, by children in need.
3;10;LOVE all of Josh's music!
4;1;The first time, I listened through the album exactly as it's presented upon purchase, with the three non-score tracks first, then the orchestral score following
4;2;I love the music in this film so much.
4;3;It is also a story that is good for and adult and very poignant!
4;4;I love the music in this film so much.
4;5;The action writing is tense and focused, and percussion is strong and interested.
4;6;I love the music in this film so much.
4;7;Unlike other kid's movie soundtracks this one is great for adults too, I listen to it on my car all the time even without the kids around.
4;8;The talented Patrick Doyle conveys a range of emotions in this five minute instrumental piece.
4;9;It's even more fun for me when my daughter starts to dance!
4;10;I love the music in this film so much.
5;1;Fantatic album at a fantastic price.
5;2;Awesome praise and worship cd,.
5;3;The combination of good music, the great spiritual hook, and Matt's dictintive voice are a combination worthy of a 5+.
5;4;Awesome praise and worship cd,.
5;5;Awesome praise and worship cd,.
5;6;Awesome praise and worship cd,.
5;7;Wonderful worship cd that you can listen to in the car and worship the Lord all the way to work.
5;8;I love the melody, bibally-sound creative lyrics, and Matt Redman's voice.
5;9;Awesome praise and worship cd,.
5;10;I love the melody, bibally-sound creative lyrics, and Matt Redman's voice.
6;1;Take a step back in time and enjoy the really good stuff!
6;2;Great CD, good old memories !
6;3;Great CD, good old memories !
6;4;Great CD, good old memories !
6;5;Great CD, good old memories !
6;6;Great CD, good old memories !
6;7;Great CD, good old memories !
6;8;Great CD, good old memories !
6;9;Great CD, good old memories !
6;10;Great soundtrack, love the sound quality
7;1;"Beware my love" rocks, and I found myself yesterday listening to the remastered CD on my stereo system at home (the way music should be enjoyed) and really trembled in emotion while listening to "Beware my love" version with John Bonham (Led Zeppelin) on drums, as part of the bonus material included here.
7;2;super quiet and sonically very sweet
7;3;Extras are good although not essential.
7;4;super quiet and sonically very sweet
7;5;super quiet and sonically very sweet
7;6;"Beware my love" rocks, and I found myself yesterday listening to the remastered CD on my stereo system at home (the way music should be enjoyed) and really trembled in emotion while listening to "Beware my love" version with John Bonham (Led Zeppelin) on drums, as part of the bonus material included here.
7;7;Aside from the lead off hits on each side of the LP, there is much to enjoy about SPEED, especially Macca's hard rock edge Beware My Love, with grinding guitar and driving drum work.
7;8;"Beware my love" rocks, and I found myself yesterday listening to the remastered CD on my stereo system at home (the way music should be enjoyed) and really trembled in emotion while listening to "Beware my love" version with John Bonham (Led Zeppelin) on drums, as part of the bonus material included here.
7;9;I think Paul really had fun with this group of Wings, producing the triple album set of Wings over America...It was loaded with Silly Love Songs, the hit of course, along with San Ferry Anne, which was the name of a British TV show from the 60's, Must do Something about it, and the poignant Warm & Beautiful, which it is.
7;10;If you are a romantic at heart, you understand the many classic silly love songs, and you are awestruck by his accomplishments.
8;1;I am happy that he is still making great quality country music, since there is not much to pick from in the way of good country music today.
8;2;Smooth and mellow, a reminder of his first two albums.
8;3;The song selection is really, really good - there are some covers and some new tracks.
8;4;Smooth and mellow, a reminder of his first two albums.
8;5;Smooth and mellow, a reminder of his first two albums.
8;6;Best album to fall asleep to or clean the house to.
8;7;Smooth and mellow, a reminder of his first two albums.
8;8;Smooth and mellow, a reminder of his first two albums.
8;9;For me, the standout tracks are the first song - and first single - "I'll Be Here In The Morning", (Townes Van Zandt), "Sing Me Back Home" (Merle Haggard), "<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Stronger-Back/dp/B00IOMWDKG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Stronger Back</a>" (Doug Gill), and of course, Steve's song, "Healing Hands" (Steve Gillette & Rex Benson)...This is really a great CD, and I am so glad that my friendship with one songwriter put this fine CD in my hands.
8;10;Love his music and voice!
9;1;Booklet: enjoy Garrett's wonderful track by track introduction
9;2;Startlingly the violin sings in a sweet sobbing human voice (tear-choked rubato, restrained vibrato) with slow-burning intensity, as the emotionally vivid soaring lines repeatedly hit new high, provoking a desperate longing for the unattainable beloved heartthrob...18.
9;3;AND he is as good looking as he is talented!!!!!!!!!!!
9;4;Music.A beautifully unpredictable musical saga in 5 sections: (1) a sweet Prelude, interrupted by the exhilarating crescendo engine sound of a sport motorcycle accelerating to top speed (in seconds)
9;5;Startlingly the violin sings in a sweet sobbing human voice (tear-choked rubato, restrained vibrato) with slow-burning intensity, as the emotionally vivid soaring lines repeatedly hit new high, provoking a desperate longing for the unattainable beloved heartthrob...18.
9;6;It's great accompaniment for road trips, and if you play it at home, you will NOT be able to hold still.
9;7;It's great accompaniment for road trips, and if you play it at home, you will NOT be able to hold still.
9;8;Startlingly the violin sings in a sweet sobbing human voice (tear-choked rubato, restrained vibrato) with slow-burning intensity, as the emotionally vivid soaring lines repeatedly hit new high, provoking a desperate longing for the unattainable beloved heartthrob...18.
9;9;His creativity and skill as well as the fact that he doesn't take himself too seriously makes him so much fun to follow.
9;10;Music.A beautifully unpredictable musical saga in 5 sections: (1) a sweet Prelude, interrupted by the exhilarating crescendo engine sound of a sport motorcycle accelerating to top speed (in seconds)
10;1;I enjoyed Brandy's new album throughly.
10;2;In a Beyonce world of bad vocals backed by loud over-produced beats and junk songs, Human is a breath of fresh air.
10;3;Fall - A good song that ends the album, with her singing a verse from her song Camouflage.Long Distance - The video for this song just came out and it is so wonderful...It was kinda hard for me to pick my top 5 songs because all of the songs on this CD are that well written and good.
10;4;Brandy matures beyond her years!
10;5;Brandy matures beyond her years!
10;6;This song really hits home for a lot of people.
10;7;I could hold onto both of the albums I bought (keep one in the house, one in the car) but I've decided to part with one so someone else can be blessed by the powerful lyrics Miss Brandy sings.
10;8;The reason I love this song so much is because of its lyrics.
10;9;You had fun songs, emotional songs, and songs that actually showed true soul from the artist.
10;10;this album is so superb,it's like it's a soundtrack for love...and i missed her greatly but she back.
11;1;Lots of fun lyric variations, just enough jamming, great backing band.
11;2;Lots of fun lyric variations, just enough jamming, great backing band.
11;3;Good to hear the classics live
11;4;Lots of fun lyric variations, just enough jamming, great backing band.
11;5;Read the above reviews, they are spot on...All I can add is, in Warren's own words, "Get up and Dance.
11;6;Zevon was clean and proud and ready to rip..."Stand In The Fire" is as pure a rock rip as Zevon ever made.
11;7;Lots of fun lyric variations, just enough jamming, great backing band.
11;8;Lots of fun lyric variations, just enough jamming, great backing band.
11;9;Lots of fun lyric variations, just enough jamming, great backing band.
11;10;This is a nice, tight band, and the production value of the live recording is excellent...God love Rhino records for finally releasing this long-overlooked masterpiece.
12;1;I am happy to say this may be among New Order's best work.
12;2;The band's first single from this album, "Crystal," really is a masterpiece.
12;3;Who else has made an album this good 20 years into their career?
12;4;The band's first single from this album, "Crystal," really is a masterpiece.
12;5;"Get Ready" works because the songwriting is the focus.
12;6;The band's first single from this album, "Crystal," really is a masterpiece.
12;7;I love how the band finishes the album with the acoustic track "Run Wild" after listening to a mostly rock driven album.
12;8;The real prize here though is #3 Turn My Way which features some of the best lyrics written in ages..."Don't wanna have to work/Like other people do/I wanted to be free/I wanted to be true".
12;9;speaking of guitar, there's lots of it present on this disc, which is unusual for a group that is best known for its timeless synth-based dance club anthems.
12;10;And many of the techno kids, myself included, who loved Technique -- will find themselves shaking their booty a bit to this hard-driving release that has rock, spunk and soul.
13;1;Great cd, fast shipping, happy headbanger
13;2;There is not a bad song on this album and the production was great, still is.
13;3;A very good way to end the album.
13;4;Great price for awesome CD
13;5;Two years after the release of their 1988 release "State of Euphoria", Anthrax entered the '90's a much more fresh and focused machine with the release of their fifth album from 1990, "Persistence of Time".
13;6;Great price for awesome CD
13;7;Great price for awesome CD
13;8;The lyrics are amazing and moving.
13;9;Then after that, we're treated with a really fun and energetic cover of Joe Jackson's "Got the Time" in which Frank Bello's bass playing truly shines as he delivers an addicting, punchy bass line intro, as well as an awesome, thumping bass solo later on around the 1:46 mark.
13;10;I love the sound on this album, not many even to this day can top it.
14;1;The songs II hadn't heard before are all good and the pics and info inside the booklet are fun and interesting to see and read.
14;2;This is interesting, "Stoned to the Bone" on disc four might actually be "I Got A Good Thing" which came out at the same time.
14;3;This is interesting, "Stoned to the Bone" on disc four might actually be "I Got A Good Thing" which came out at the same time.
14;4;This is interesting, "Stoned to the Bone" on disc four might actually be "I Got A Good Thing" which came out at the same time.
14;5;The songs II hadn't heard before are all good and the pics and info inside the booklet are fun and interesting to see and read.
14;6;This is interesting, "Stoned to the Bone" on disc four might actually be "I Got A Good Thing" which came out at the same time.
14;7;This is interesting, "Stoned to the Bone" on disc four might actually be "I Got A Good Thing" which came out at the same time.
14;8;the classics on this box set generate numerous emotions.
14;9;Elvis couldn't do 8 or 9 minute dance marathons...Whatever the consensus is...James Brown is a legend.
14;10;Disc 1 is my favorite and has the songs that I love most including the gems of old school R&B "Please, Please, Please,"(can't you see him being brought back on stage with his cape over his shoulders?)
15;1;Unlike many other players, he could play jazz, blues, rock, folk, almost anything with an incredible *feel* - pretty darn good for a self taught guy who couldn't read music!
15;2;A unique talent that is difficult, if not impossible to recreate or impersonate.
15;3;Unlike many other players, he could play jazz, blues, rock, folk, almost anything with an incredible *feel* - pretty darn good for a self taught guy who couldn't read music!
15;4;A unique talent that is difficult, if not impossible to recreate or impersonate.
15;5;Unlike many other players, he could play jazz, blues, rock, folk, almost anything with an incredible *feel* - pretty darn good for a self taught guy who couldn't read music!
15;6;His feel on slide is incredible- with beautiful intonation- he stretched the limit of range and maintained clean, clear sound throughout.
15;7;A unique talent that is difficult, if not impossible to recreate or impersonate.
15;8;A unique talent that is difficult, if not impossible to recreate or impersonate.
15;9;A unique talent that is difficult, if not impossible to recreate or impersonate.
15;10;I have loved it since I first heard it in the 70s, when my boyfriend (now life partner) used to rock the whole apartment complex we were in with it.
17;1;While HONEY hints at something a little more, well, smooth, it's still a fantastic album with enough grit to rock the dance floors before putting on the slower stuff when you get back home.
17;2;So even if it's two predecessor's were alot funkier this album is a fine coda to an era!
17;3;While the Peppers' version was a good White-boy version of it, the Players' one is still the funky king, one to get you up & moving no matter how many times it's been played at parties, sporting events or oldies radio.
17;4;While the Peppers' version was a good White-boy version of it, the Players' one is still the funky king, one to get you up & moving no matter how many times it's been played at parties, sporting events or oldies radio.
17;5;So even if it's two predecessor's were alot funkier this album is a fine coda to an era!
17;6;While HONEY hints at something a little more, well, smooth, it's still a fantastic album with enough grit to rock the dance floors before putting on the slower stuff when you get back home.
17;7;So even if it's two predecessor's were alot funkier this album is a fine coda to an era!
17;8;So even if it's two predecessor's were alot funkier this album is a fine coda to an era!
17;9;While HONEY hints at something a little more, well, smooth, it's still a fantastic album with enough grit to rock the dance floors before putting on the slower stuff when you get back home.
17;10;"Let's Do It" is another romantic jam to melt your lover's heart with, and hopefully you won't find yourself singing the closing ballad "Alone" before long.
16;1;It has a good funky beat to it.
16;2;Too bad,it was one of Robin's finest vocal moments.
16;3;It has a good funky beat to it.
16;4;It features a harmonica and great harmonies.
16;5;It features a harmonica and great harmonies.
16;6;The production is clean, the songs complex, and the harmonies are ones only these three brothers could pull off.
16;7;It features a harmonica and great harmonies.
16;8;One of the top 5 Bee Gees albums....great songs, Lyrics and melodies.....one that music fan I feel should want to own...like them or not
16;9;Edge of The Universe I take as the 'fun' song of the album.
16;10;5) Fanny (Be Tender With my Love) -- Another one of my all-time favorite songs by them!
19;1;It's very good value and I recommend it warmly.
19;2;The music itself doesn't need much of a review from me because it's so well known, but it showcases Taylor's lovely, smooth voice, his excellent (and often underrated) guitar work and his fine songwriting.
19;3;It's very good value and I recommend it warmly.
19;4;The music itself doesn't need much of a review from me because it's so well known, but it showcases Taylor's lovely, smooth voice, his excellent (and often underrated) guitar work and his fine songwriting.
19;5;The music itself doesn't need much of a review from me because it's so well known, but it showcases Taylor's lovely, smooth voice, his excellent (and often underrated) guitar work and his fine songwriting.
19;6;The music itself doesn't need much of a review from me because it's so well known, but it showcases Taylor's lovely, smooth voice, his excellent (and often underrated) guitar work and his fine songwriting.
19;7;The music itself doesn't need much of a review from me because it's so well known, but it showcases Taylor's lovely, smooth voice, his excellent (and often underrated) guitar work and his fine songwriting.
19;8;The music itself doesn't need much of a review from me because it's so well known, but it showcases Taylor's lovely, smooth voice, his excellent (and often underrated) guitar work and his fine songwriting.
19;9;The music itself doesn't need much of a review from me because it's so well known, but it showcases Taylor's lovely, smooth voice, his excellent (and often underrated) guitar work and his fine songwriting.
19;10;it's great collection l love it thanks for this the Essential of James taylor  good.......
18;1;Riffs are (of course) abundant and there's enough clean-singing and pure emotion to ensure that your wife or girlfriend will also enjoy.
18;2;tracks 7,8,9, and 11 finish this album with excellent nodes to the old school early nineties swedish sound / Iron Maiden with melodies abound.
18;3;Fortunately, this CD is just as good as their previous two.
18;4;tracks 7,8,9, and 11 finish this album with excellent nodes to the old school early nineties swedish sound / Iron Maiden with melodies abound.
18;5;tracks 7,8,9, and 11 finish this album with excellent nodes to the old school early nineties swedish sound / Iron Maiden with melodies abound.
18;6;The alternating vocal style is effective and actually adds a lot to the dynamics of the music
18;7;tracks 7,8,9, and 11 finish this album with excellent nodes to the old school early nineties swedish sound / Iron Maiden with melodies abound.
18;8;Vocally Howard Jones is incredible, delivering his lyrics and singing with an urgency and passion that few other singers could even attempt to reach.
18;9;I can't help but think this record was a perfect storm, by chance, that made a record that cannot be surpassed by either the band or the singer...While I feel KSE has since gotten even more complex(musically) and Howard Jones' work with Devil You Know is incredible, 'As Daylight Dies' may be the best thing either party has contributed too.
18;10;I love Killswitch Engaged this is a great cd or mp3 collection it is a must by for their fans.
21;1;Toni, thanks for a Great CD, she sounds good, always looks good, and music is Great.
21;2;I must say it's solid no bad songs.
21;3;Toni, thanks for a Great CD, she sounds good, always looks good, and music is Great.
21;4;I am very impressed with this cd.
21;5;I am very impressed with this cd.
21;6;Nevertheless, Braxton herself is on point with each song and my can this woman bring home a crescendo!
21;7;I am very impressed with this cd.
21;8;It's got a warm bass line and, as always, Toni's lyrics are beautiful to hear and they really tug at your emotions.
21;9;Libra defies this tactic, and offers a great beat of dance and ballad tunes, including "Please" (catchy/hot), "Trippin" (one of her most unique songs to date), "I Wanna Be Your Baby" (showcases her husky voice) and "Finally" (another fantastic track)...Although the first single "Please" has not received significant radio airplay or buzz to propel this album, it is packed with catchy hook-laden dance tracks and ballads.
21;10;Now this is the Toni that we all love to hear, this is much better than her last album "More Than A Woman."
20;1;You can really feel the emotions in this fantastic ballad!
20;2;It's one of the best ballads I've heard since BSB's "More than That" off of the Black and Blue album.
20;3;Irresistable- A great song with a good beat.
20;4;Hot like fire- If you Love Pink you'll love this.
20;5;Hot like fire- If you Love Pink you'll love this.
20;6;Hot like fire- If you Love Pink you'll love this.
20;7;"I Never" and "Imagination" are really good tracks....excellent car music.
20;8;Jessica's voice soars on this and she shows so much emotion.
20;9;From her powerful, fun, and great to dance to title track to her powerful Gospel-style ballad "His Eye On The Sparrow," Jessica finally has acheived the attention her talent deserves.
20;10;"For Your Love"- Really pretty and romantic.
23;1;This young man can not only sing the words of a song with a beautiful tenor voice, but he can sing the emotions in a song in a way that will bring a tear to the eye of those who, like me, do not speak Italian, amazing voice.
23;2;I believe this young man will be opera's greatest ambassador.
23;3;I recommend this CD  to anyone who loves good music.
23;4;I believe this young man will be opera's greatest ambassador.
23;5;I believe this young man will be opera's greatest ambassador.
23;6;I believe this young man will be opera's greatest ambassador.
23;7;I believe this young man will be opera's greatest ambassador.
23;8;This young man can not only sing the words of a song with a beautiful tenor voice, but he can sing the emotions in a song in a way that will bring a tear to the eye of those who, like me, do not speak Italian, amazing voice.
23;9;I believe this young man will be opera's greatest ambassador.
23;10;My mother loved it and will purchase other later.
22;1;If You Dare - this song is pretty good and her vocals are great, especially her deeper vocals.
22;2;its really sad that Jazmine doesn't get as much credit as Adele, but her voice is just as amazing and it moves me.
22;3;If You Dare - this song is pretty good and her vocals are great, especially her deeper vocals.
22;4;Her ability to perform songs in a pop-like beat shows her versatility.
22;5;Her ability to perform songs in a pop-like beat shows her versatility.
22;6;Her ability to perform songs in a pop-like beat shows her versatility.
22;7;Her ability to perform songs in a pop-like beat shows her versatility.
22;8;she sangs from the heart and you feel her emotion.
22;9;Her ability to perform songs in a pop-like beat shows her versatility.
22;10;I love it, I have always loved Jazmine.
25;1;daughter loves them  good cd...  a must have
25;2;and in the fabric of many of their songs is woven the value of honor, integrity and love.
25;3;daughter loves them  good cd...  a must have
25;4;and in the fabric of many of their songs is woven the value of honor, integrity and love.
25;5;and in the fabric of many of their songs is woven the value of honor, integrity and love.
25;6;One for the car and one for the house.
25;7;One for the car and one for the house.
25;8;There are some very clever lyrics,.
25;9;and in the fabric of many of their songs is woven the value of honor, integrity and love.
25;10;He loves this singing couple.
24;1;This record is fantastic, start to finish.
24;2;Every song is distinct and hypnotic.
24;3;Good work out and travel CD
24;4;Every song is distinct and hypnotic.
24;5;Every song is distinct and hypnotic.
24;6;I never knew house music this good would be relevant, but it sure is.
24;7;Great to listen and drive my car to.
24;8;Every song is distinct and hypnotic.
24;9;This is a great album to dance to.
24;10;I love the entire album.
27;1;Ringo gave a good performance of his first solo hit, "It Don't Come Easy."
27;2;Ringo gave a good performance of his first solo hit, "It Don't Come Easy."
27;3;Ringo gave a good performance of his first solo hit, "It Don't Come Easy."
27;4;Although the cd sports a new cover that is different from the original, I felt the packaging still held the historical presentation of the original.
27;5;Ringo gave a good performance of his first solo hit, "It Don't Come Easy."
27;6;Although Ringo only appears on one track ("It Don't Come Easy" co-written without credit by Harrison)and Badfinger is relegated to the shows (Pete Ham the band's guitarist joins Harrison on "Here Comes the Sun"), the stars of the show do a terrific job of bringing it on home...Dylan's set enhanced with the previously unreleased "Love Minus Zero/No Limit" is electrifying.
27;7;A slick little riff after the chorus and the double-drum drive propels it beyond a bluesy rocker and into the stratosphere.
27;8;Ringo gave a good performance of his first solo hit, "It Don't Come Easy."
27;9;Ringo gave a good performance of his first solo hit, "It Don't Come Easy."
27;10;You will love this concert.
26;1;I thoroughly enjoyed listening to this selection...it had everything you could want.
26;2;This is Zevon's best
26;3;This is Zevon's best
26;4;From the lovable classic "Werewolves of London" to "I Was In The House When The House Burned Down", Zevon's signature humor entertains and enlivens.
26;5;Warren's music always focused on the dark side of life and the underdog.
26;6;Musically, Zevon can rock the house as much as anybody (escpecially on "Detox Mansion," a cover of Prince's "Raspberry Beret," and an ode to the boxer "Boom Boom" Mancini -- all three of which he performs with Peter Buck, Mike Mills, and Bill Berry of R.E.M.), but he can also startle you with gorgeous ballads like "The French Inhaler," "Hasten Down the Wind," and "Mutineer."
26;7;From the lovable classic "Werewolves of London" to "I Was In The House When The House Burned Down", Zevon's signature humor entertains and enlivens.
26;8;This is Zevon's best
26;9;From the lovable classic "Werewolves of London" to "I Was In The House When The House Burned Down", Zevon's signature humor entertains and enlivens.
26;10;Mr. Bad Example - Love at first listen !
29;1;The performances on this CD are so good, it doesn't matter to me...It really sounds like the artists are having fun in the studio.
29;2;Alternating between Louis' vocals and trumpet playing, he pointed out the similarity between the two, noting the hint of "pain" intermingled with the joy, or the brilliance of the trumpet sound, as evidence of the triumph of the human spirit over adversity, which might be said to be the essence of the blues itself.
29;3;One of the most beautiful, relaxing jazz/vocal CDs available, with Ella and Louis doing many classic numbers mostly in a very mellow, slow, ravishing style.
29;4;I love this album and feel it's essential to any collection, if not three albums that the songs came from.
29;5;I've read that Louie always treated Ella like his little sister, and you can hear the love they have for one another in these recordings.
29;6;I love this album and feel it's essential to any collection, if not three albums that the songs came from.
29;7;Art has its manifestations, its multi-formed representations, its moments of illustrative joy, Its universality in aesthetics, its endless appeal, its necessity for our spiritual health, its never-ending capacity to drive us on, its sweetness and terror and seductiveness and soul.
29;8;The way each one of them in his/her own way play with the lyric and the music is just a delight.
29;9;This are not just romantic songs, but there are also lots of fun and swinging.
29;10;I love this album and feel it's essential to any collection, if not three albums that the songs came from.
28;1;Prompt delivery, good quality product
28;2;I agree with the record label that the music in this CD 'Let's Face The Music And Dance' is difficult to categorize : it's rather a balanced combination of jazzy, bluesy, popish/rocky, country and latin influenced tracks...Jazzy tracks include the wonderful opening/title track "Let's Face The Music And Dance" : a smooth jazzy track with a beautiful melody and the unmistaken vocals by the master Willie Nelson & "You'll Never Know".
28;3;Good cd for relaxing or just listening.
28;4;I agree with the record label that the music in this CD 'Let's Face The Music And Dance' is difficult to categorize : it's rather a balanced combination of jazzy, bluesy, popish/rocky, country and latin influenced tracks...Jazzy tracks include the wonderful opening/title track "Let's Face The Music And Dance" : a smooth jazzy track with a beautiful melody and the unmistaken vocals by the master Willie Nelson & "You'll Never Know".
28;5;I agree with the record label that the music in this CD 'Let's Face The Music And Dance' is difficult to categorize : it's rather a balanced combination of jazzy, bluesy, popish/rocky, country and latin influenced tracks...Jazzy tracks include the wonderful opening/title track "Let's Face The Music And Dance" : a smooth jazzy track with a beautiful melody and the unmistaken vocals by the master Willie Nelson & "You'll Never Know".
28;6;I agree with the record label that the music in this CD 'Let's Face The Music And Dance' is difficult to categorize : it's rather a balanced combination of jazzy, bluesy, popish/rocky, country and latin influenced tracks...Jazzy tracks include the wonderful opening/title track "Let's Face The Music And Dance" : a smooth jazzy track with a beautiful melody and the unmistaken vocals by the master Willie Nelson & "You'll Never Know".
28;7;I agree with the record label that the music in this CD 'Let's Face The Music And Dance' is difficult to categorize : it's rather a balanced combination of jazzy, bluesy, popish/rocky, country and latin influenced tracks...Jazzy tracks include the wonderful opening/title track "Let's Face The Music And Dance" : a smooth jazzy track with a beautiful melody and the unmistaken vocals by the master Willie Nelson & "You'll Never Know".
28;8;I agree with the record label that the music in this CD 'Let's Face The Music And Dance' is difficult to categorize : it's rather a balanced combination of jazzy, bluesy, popish/rocky, country and latin influenced tracks...Jazzy tracks include the wonderful opening/title track "Let's Face The Music And Dance" : a smooth jazzy track with a beautiful melody and the unmistaken vocals by the master Willie Nelson & "You'll Never Know".
28;9;Spouse and I sang along as we danced and spoke of being grateful for the old songs that people know and sing to and love.
28;10;love this album, love Willie Nelson, nice listening songs, highly recommend it.
31;1;It is a good listen.
31;2;This is one I'll buy.
31;3;It is a good listen.
31;4;This is one I'll buy.
31;5;I read other reviews of his recent work and felt very encouraged, so I ordered this album and waited with some trepidation.
31;6;This is one I'll buy.
31;7;This is one I'll buy.
31;8;His lyrics are engaging and worth listening to with a careful ear.
31;9;this is a awesome cd it is fun and enjoyable to listen to the best songs on this cd are.
31;10;Taking him at his words......I LOVED THE ALBUM!
30;1;Also Gilmour's Remember That Night has a good list of guest appearances.
30;2;It made me laugh, made me cry, you name it.
30;3;Also Gilmour's Remember That Night has a good list of guest appearances.
30;4;It made me laugh, made me cry, you name it.
30;5;Roger Waters looks quite casual, but is undoubtably in extreme focus as he orchestrates a parade of musicians offering some of their finest work, Cyndi Lauper with a cracking rendition of "Another Brick in the Wall", and Bryan Adams does a great duet with Waters on "Empty Spaces" before shredding "Young Lust."
30;6;I can't help but believe that this DVD provides the best seat in the house.
30;7;It made me laugh, made me cry, you name it.
30;8;Various artist performed the songs along with Roger Waters each lending their own touch of understanding to his lyrics.
30;9;It made me laugh, made me cry, you name it.
30;10;Otherwise I loved the show...The more I play it the more I like it!
34;1;Get this CD, and enjoy a selection of hits by this late great guitarist, Stevie Ray Vaughan.
34;2;Double Trouble is an incredible band.
34;3;It's got some great songs, and pretty good diversity, considering Vaughan's tragicallly abbreviated career.
34;4;Double Trouble is an incredible band.
34;5;A lot of SRV albums focus in on just his blues guitar playing but "Riveria Paradise" is one of the most beautiful pieces of solo guitar created.
34;6;Double Trouble is an incredible band.
34;7;Double Trouble is an incredible band.
34;8;Double Trouble is an incredible band.
34;9;Double Trouble is an incredible band.
34;10;I am a relative newcomer (5 years) to his music and I love it more and more with time.
35;1;Very good I've enjoyed listening to this CD.
35;2;The best collection of songs from VAN THE MAN in 10 years arrived on time and in superb condition.
35;3;Very good I've enjoyed listening to this CD.
35;4;The best collection of songs from VAN THE MAN in 10 years arrived on time and in superb condition.
35;5;The best collection of songs from VAN THE MAN in 10 years arrived on time and in superb condition.
35;6;The best collection of songs from VAN THE MAN in 10 years arrived on time and in superb condition.
35;7;The best collection of songs from VAN THE MAN in 10 years arrived on time and in superb condition.
35;8;listening to this cd and really listening to the lyrics and his voice and i can hear how good he still is.
35;9;As well as that voice...Each new release is like a visit from an old friend - full of life, stories and friendship.
35;10;Beautiful songs and beautiful instrument musicIt is kind of old school and makes you feel romantic.
32;1;The Ohio Players 2 cd set is fun and full of good music.
32;2;Both CDs were in great condition.
32;3;The mix is good with thumping bass...
32;4;Both CDs were in great condition.
32;5;Both CDs were in great condition.
32;6;Both CDs were in great condition.
32;7;Both CDs were in great condition.
32;8;Both CDs were in great condition.
32;9;The Ohio Players 2 cd set is fun and full of good music.
32;10;love the 2cd format - great listen
33;1;I liked the movie a lot, enjoyed the music even more, and picked up the soundtrack...Damn, it's good.
33;2;He truly was a great artist!
33;3;No oned satisfies more than Mr. Charles (may he rest in peace).
33;4;He truly was a great artist!
33;5;He truly was a great artist!
33;6;The sound is clean and clear .
33;7;He truly was a great artist!
33;8;The film touched my heart in many ways, and this soundtrack does a great job at reviving the emotions created by the film.
33;9;This is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
33;10;I loved this track...Ray is an excellent soundtrack of wonderful music  This CD just put me in a good mood.
38;1;The recording is good and the quality of the music and arrangement also can give me satisfaction.
38;2;I tank Steven Halpern and all those associated with delivering this special pathway to a "better" space.
38;3;Very good sounds helps you sleep
38;4;I tank Steven Halpern and all those associated with delivering this special pathway to a "better" space.
38;5;Utilizing his trademarked Aural-Sync technology, the music is further enhanced with subtle sound waves in the theta range, which ranges from 4 to 7 cycles per second...While some may find this fascinating and for others it may be a bit on the esoteric side, be assured that "Deep Theta" can be enjoyed purely as a recording of exquisitely beautiful music, without needing to focus on the intention behind it.
38;6;I tank Steven Halpern and all those associated with delivering this special pathway to a "better" space.
38;7;I play it when I drive in traffic and it helps!
38;8;I tank Steven Halpern and all those associated with delivering this special pathway to a "better" space.
38;9;I tank Steven Halpern and all those associated with delivering this special pathway to a "better" space.
38;10;I tank Steven Halpern and all those associated with delivering this special pathway to a "better" space.
39;1;"We came to have fun with music.The world is a place of amusement.We have a good time doing that.
39;2;This isn't bad though, because the songs are still good.
39;3;This isn't bad though, because the songs are still good.
39;4;Together their styles mesh perfectly...The Message is Great!
39;5;Strong will continue - Starts with Nas talking about staying focused and going forward while being pulled down and up.
39;6;This album is classic street Hop from start to end, they proved that you can make clean positive music and still keep the street side of hip hop alive.
39;7;Together their styles mesh perfectly...The Message is Great!
39;8;At the end I think Nas shows his emotion and I say this because he touches on infidelity and he mentions his "Ex".
39;9;Distant Relatives is fun to listen to, thought provoking and full of energy...What else do you want?
39;10;I love how the rap and reggae flow together as one.
36;1;All of the songs are classic good old southern boy tunes and one with a eat will enjoy.
36;2;Great music would come from them again of course and there are several great songs on here.
36;3;So a weaker ls release is still filled with a lot of good songs and a few great ones.
36;4;Great music would come from them again of course and there are several great songs on here.
36;5;Great music would come from them again of course and there are several great songs on here.
36;6;Great music would come from them again of course and there are several great songs on here.
36;7;Great music for road travel.
36;8;"Cheatin' Woman" is flawless
36;9;"Railroad Song" and "I'm a Country Boy" are fun, while "On the Hunt" becomes a song that'll stay in the mind for years.
36;10;I love this old music compared to new music.
37;1;Yes time  passes bye, and yet here we are still listening to good solid tunes from a fantastic band and that is nothing more than amazing...This is without a doubt their best effort in a number of years as it see's them returning to what I'd like to call their glory days.
37;2;this cd is pretty damn awesome it fits nice and sound is great it feel like a classic in it's own right if scorpions ever put out a bad album yoi would find it at a disc reply or fye or used cd store but you can't very rare do u. so with this cd u know the band the history the music stop reading reviews and buy it and enjoy another great scorpions cd.
37;3;The gentle piano work returns to close us out in the coda..."Your Loving Me to Death" and "321" are the most typical Scorpion numbers offered here but that is not a bad thing good solid rock songs.
37;4;These songs sound modern and heavy!
37;5;this cd is pretty damn awesome it fits nice and sound is great it feel like a classic in it's own right if scorpions ever put out a bad album yoi would find it at a disc reply or fye or used cd store but you can't very rare do u. so with this cd u know the band the history the music stop reading reviews and buy it and enjoy another great scorpions cd.
37;6;The concept is great, the cover art this time is not something I am ashamed to bring home (like Virgin Killer, though I do tip my hats off for stirring the controversy), and the production quality is top notch.
37;7;These songs sound modern and heavy!
37;8;this cd is pretty damn awesome it fits nice and sound is great it feel like a classic in it's own right if scorpions ever put out a bad album yoi would find it at a disc reply or fye or used cd store but you can't very rare do u. so with this cd u know the band the history the music stop reading reviews and buy it and enjoy another great scorpions cd.
37;9;These songs sound modern and heavy!
37;10;As a long time Scorpions fan which got into hard rock with Love at first Sting, I have to say that this album is the best from this band since LAFS.
42;1;I must say that I admire the band for not capitalizing on Jared's movie career to make a quick buck, and I think it's really helped them gain a good reputation based solely on the music.
42;2;The lyrics never move beyond the outer space subjects, but if you carefully listen, a lot of the lyrics are metaphors.
42;3;I must say that I admire the band for not capitalizing on Jared's movie career to make a quick buck, and I think it's really helped them gain a good reputation based solely on the music.
42;4;The lyrics never move beyond the outer space subjects, but if you carefully listen, a lot of the lyrics are metaphors.
42;5;I have greatly enjoyed this album and I advise anyone who reads this review to go out and pick it up immediately and start spreading the word that rock has a new face and 30STM is it, whether the masses know it or not.
42;6;The lyrics never move beyond the outer space subjects, but if you carefully listen, a lot of the lyrics are metaphors.
42;7;The great drive this album put out when you hear it is great.
42;8;The lyrics never move beyond the outer space subjects, but if you carefully listen, a lot of the lyrics are metaphors.
42;9;Catchy, deep, full of electronic music with still a heavy tone, and fun at the same time, I give this CD five stars.
42;10;"Buddha for Mary" and "Year Zero" are just a couple of the amazing songs on this CD.
43;1;The band is really good, and if you know rock you'll most likely enjoy this band.
43;2;But thats not a bad thing, the lyrics are very powerful and are really catchy.
43;3;Stupidly good guitar work with perfect incorporation of the double-kick drums.
43;4;Like many albums with Andy Wallace involved, the tracks mesh together incredibly well.
43;5;Like many albums with Andy Wallace involved, the tracks mesh together incredibly well.
43;6;His clean vocals are smoother, and his screams more aggressive.
43;7;The track is a moving song about Dustin in a car crash, and listening to the lyrics will really give you chills down your spine.
43;8;But thats not a bad thing, the lyrics are very powerful and are really catchy.
43;9;Thick rousing arguably metalcore (I hear metal sensibilities in some tracks like Paper Tiger) tracks with timing changes, softer interludes contrasted with screamo-like sections make this band extremely fun and interesting to listen to...2 tracks to note, Silhouette, considered by many to be the best on the CD and Paper Tigers are my favorites.
43;10;They showcase Thrice's harder style that I love most about this CD...After purchasing all of their albums to find the band I loved live, I feel like this CD best represents their energy and talent...If you like bands like Rise Against and other hardcore or metalcore bands I think you would love this album.
40;1;Pleased,because he loved to hear Duke playing in a small group contest
40;2;His use of the high hat is,to me,as great as Jo Jones'.
40;3;Every plays well, the song are good.
40;4;His use of the high hat is,to me,as great as Jo Jones'.
40;5;His use of the high hat is,to me,as great as Jo Jones'.
40;6;His use of the high hat is,to me,as great as Jo Jones'.
40;7;The mixture of intellectual and emotional understanding of how human beings are affected by melody and rhythm are the key forces in what drives the creative energies of both Ellington and Coltrane.
40;8;His use of the high hat is,to me,as great as Jo Jones'.
40;9;All in all, it's just fun, exciting music that gives you a warm, cushy feeling inside every time you listen to it.
40;10;I must confess, I love just about everything Duke Ellington and John Coltrane, but surprisingly, this collaboration is new to me!
41;1;Pleased,because he loved to hear Duke playing in a small group contest
41;2;This LP has outstanding audio quality throughout both sides.
41;3;Coltrane sounds like Johnny Hodges, Duke's regular sax player, and that's a GOOD thing...On the other tunes, Duke is exquisite on piano, the bass and drums are nice, but ... Coltrane is melodic and perfect for 30 or 60 seconds and then he goes off to his atonal genius place where I cannot follow or listen.
41;4;This LP has outstanding audio quality throughout both sides.
41;5;This LP has outstanding audio quality throughout both sides.
41;6;This LP has outstanding audio quality throughout both sides.
41;7;The mixture of intellectual and emotional understanding of how human beings are affected by melody and rhythm are the key forces in what drives the creative energies of both Ellington and Coltrane.
41;8;This LP has outstanding audio quality throughout both sides.
41;9;All in all, it's just fun, exciting music that gives you a warm, cushy feeling inside every time you listen to it.
41;10;I must confess, I love just about everything Duke Ellington and John Coltrane, but surprisingly, this collaboration is new to me!
46;1;The band is fantastic in every respect.
46;2;A couple of nights ago I took a two hours car trip on my own and I gave this album another chance, ohhh, what a surprise...During the trip I listened to the whole album from start to finish, it was another album, the music, the musical motifs, the lyrics, the story, it's background, what a wonderful adventure this album is.
46;3;Ian's flutework and even his vocals sound good, the guitars and drums in their upbeat moments are a welcome and energetic addition from previous efforts, and the lyrics are appropriate and timely.
46;4;A couple of nights ago I took a two hours car trip on my own and I gave this album another chance, ohhh, what a surprise...During the trip I listened to the whole album from start to finish, it was another album, the music, the musical motifs, the lyrics, the story, it's background, what a wonderful adventure this album is.
46;5;I opened up my Deluxe TAAB2 package, put myself in the proper set and setting to listen to it, and listened as I read the lyrics along with the 5.1 DTS version on the dvd.
46;6;A couple of nights ago I took a two hours car trip on my own and I gave this album another chance, ohhh, what a surprise...During the trip I listened to the whole album from start to finish, it was another album, the music, the musical motifs, the lyrics, the story, it's background, what a wonderful adventure this album is.
46;7;A couple of nights ago I took a two hours car trip on my own and I gave this album another chance, ohhh, what a surprise...During the trip I listened to the whole album from start to finish, it was another album, the music, the musical motifs, the lyrics, the story, it's background, what a wonderful adventure this album is.
46;8;A couple of nights ago I took a two hours car trip on my own and I gave this album another chance, ohhh, what a surprise...During the trip I listened to the whole album from start to finish, it was another album, the music, the musical motifs, the lyrics, the story, it's background, what a wonderful adventure this album is.
46;9;Lyrically compelling and actually quite fun.
46;10;A couple of nights ago I took a two hours car trip on my own and I gave this album another chance, ohhh, what a surprise...During the trip I listened to the whole album from start to finish, it was another album, the music, the musical motifs, the lyrics, the story, it's background, what a wonderful adventure this album is.
47;1;This is a good one you will want to bring out every year to enjoy during the Holidays.
47;2;Martina Mcbride is so masterful when she sings
47;3;This is a very good, well done collection of Christmas music.
47;4;Martina Mcbride is so masterful when she sings
47;5;Martina Mcbride is so masterful when she sings
47;6;"Away in a Manger" benefits from an ever-so-slightly Gaelic flavor to the orchestration, and "White Christmas" is imbued with a subtle longing and regret that evokes every Christmas anyone ever spent away from home and loved ones.
47;7;Martina Mcbride is so masterful when she sings
47;8;Traditional rather than innovative, it has no equals for those times when you simply want to hear familiar Christmas songs with lovely arrangements sung by a beautiful voice...McBride's voice seems made for Christmas, its power and ability to shade emotion a flawless fit for familiar Christmas classics.
47;9;Martina's voice is soooo pretty that she makes this fun song even better.
47;10;Her CD is made up of all classics - the songs we all love to hear during the Christmas season.
44;1;this is fantastic music - being played by three (or four) very good musicians in tune with each other - so the jams are tight and awe-striking - really - buy this and when you get it - blast it!!
44;2;"Take A Look Around" urges people to look at the world around them, and inspired me to choose good songs when asking young women for a dance.
44;3;"Take A Look Around" urges people to look at the world around them, and inspired me to choose good songs when asking young women for a dance.
44;4;"Take A Look Around" urges people to look at the world around them, and inspired me to choose good songs when asking young women for a dance.
44;5;Read me again...read me again...read me again...
44;6;"Wrapcity in English" is beautiful piano classical type stuff that you'd hear in a theater or perhaps a scene from a film showing a man walking home depressed in a rainstorm.
44;7;"Take A Look Around" urges people to look at the world around them, and inspired me to choose good songs when asking young women for a dance.
44;8;"Take A Look Around" urges people to look at the world around them, and inspired me to choose good songs when asking young women for a dance.
44;9;"Take A Look Around" urges people to look at the world around them, and inspired me to choose good songs when asking young women for a dance.
44;10;Seriously though, this version of "Lost Woman" is terrific however let's not pretend it can compete with their superior live version released a couple years later on their James Gang in Concert album.
45;1;Pop this little gem, however, into your CD player and enjoy your Holidays with Kenny and Dolly.
45;2;Many beautiful songs, traditional and non traditional, are on it.
45;3;Dolly's two solo offerings on the original album - White Christmas and a medley of Winter wonderland and Sleigh ride - are both excellent...Good as the solo tracks are, it is the six duets that make this album stand out among my many wonderful Christmas albums.
45;4;Many beautiful songs, traditional and non traditional, are on it.
45;5;Many beautiful songs, traditional and non traditional, are on it.
45;6;Miss Parton also has another Holiday album available called "Home For Christmas" from the early '90's and that too is a splendid listen.
45;7;Many beautiful songs, traditional and non traditional, are on it.
45;8;Many beautiful songs, traditional and non traditional, are on it.
45;9;They have so much fun on here, You can hear it in their voices.
45;10;Everyone, even non country lovers,  love it!
51;1;Great cd to be enjoyed
51;2;I'd love to play this album in a classic American muscle car with a Bose sound system cruising Highway 101.
51;3;Good bass guitar player, with so different styles between rock and even somm classic music
51;4;I'd love to play this album in a classic American muscle car with a Bose sound system cruising Highway 101.
51;5;I'd love to play this album in a classic American muscle car with a Bose sound system cruising Highway 101.
51;6;This is truly a masterpiece of epic proportion one that will withstand the test of time and will go down in history as the best album ever made by an artist who actual live in your home for forty years and payed no rent....highly recommended to the world grab it today or forever hold thy mouse.....sincerely Hudson Tannis
51;7;I'd love to play this album in a classic American muscle car with a Bose sound system cruising Highway 101.
51;8;I'd love to play this album in a classic American muscle car with a Bose sound system cruising Highway 101.
51;9;I'd love to play this album in a classic American muscle car with a Bose sound system cruising Highway 101.
51;10;I'd love to play this album in a classic American muscle car with a Bose sound system cruising Highway 101.
50;1;Start with a wonderful story, no more grusome than those Saturday matinee horror flicks but just as much fun and with a couple of good twists!
50;2;It is sad, thoughtful, frightening, and funny all at the same time.
50;3;Len Cariou, Angela Lansbury and the rest of this exquisite cast created a comical, romantic freak show in which the good guy did not always come out on top.
50;4;Sinister, operatic, thought provoking and beautiful, Sweeney Todd has carved out its own niche in the world of musical theater!
50;5;Sinister, operatic, thought provoking and beautiful, Sweeney Todd has carved out its own niche in the world of musical theater!
50;6;And the very under-rated Victor Garber's pure, clean tenor adds an innocence and power to "I'll Steal You, Johanna".
50;7;Sinister, operatic, thought provoking and beautiful, Sweeney Todd has carved out its own niche in the world of musical theater!
50;8;The happy marriage of Sondheim's melodies and biting lyrics combined with Jonathan Tunick's moody orchestration impresses still.
50;9;Start with a wonderful story, no more grusome than those Saturday matinee horror flicks but just as much fun and with a couple of good twists!
50;10;Len Cariou, Angela Lansbury and the rest of this exquisite cast created a comical, romantic freak show in which the good guy did not always come out on top.
49;1;It brings back such good memories.
49;2;If you love the movie, then the soundtrack will bring back all the memories of the last time you saw it...or even saw the play.
49;3;I always love the soundtrack from this movie, and it's a joy to listen to.the music and just relax.
49;4;If you love the movie, then the soundtrack will bring back all the memories of the last time you saw it...or even saw the play.
49;5;Read my review of My Fair Lady and this will tell you all how wonderful this is.
49;6;My family had this album in the house when I was a kid, so I knew most of these songs by heart when I was about 8 years old.
49;7;If you love the movie, then the soundtrack will bring back all the memories of the last time you saw it...or even saw the play.
49;8;The performers who sing these songs express every single emotion--even mixed emotions--with great sensitivity and much thought.
49;9;There are the fun numbers like "Bloody Mary" and "There Is Nothin' Like A Dame".
49;10;If you love the movie, then the soundtrack will bring back all the memories of the last time you saw it...or even saw the play.
48;1;enjoyed this CD very much seller
48;2;Juice Newton in all her glory- the woman is a passionate artist!
48;3;Good songs from times long gone.
48;4;Juice Newton in all her glory- the woman is a passionate artist!
48;5;Juice Newton in all her glory- the woman is a passionate artist!
48;6;Juice Newton in all her glory- the woman is a passionate artist!
48;7;I just keep going back to it in the car.
48;8;Juice Newton in all her glory- the woman is a passionate artist!
48;9;Such fun music and a pleasure to see her perform in NZ in 2013
48;10;was a gift and they absolutely loved it!
55;1;This is a good collection to start with if you own only a few of George Michael's albums (three or less) or if it is your first time.
55;2;I have always loved George Michael.
55;3;This is a good collection to start with if you own only a few of George Michael's albums (three or less) or if it is your first time.
55;4;I have always loved George Michael.
55;5;I have always loved George Michael.
55;6;Very few artist sing like this anymore...and if you are a 60's, or 70's baby, you know what I'm talking about...If you have never listened to any of his music, do yourselves a favor, and buy this CD...Pop it in your player at home, sit back and chill....His music will literally put you in a place of calm and at times make you want to get up and dance.....you will not regret it!
55;7;I have always loved George Michael.
55;8;He had one of the finest voices and sang with clarity, intention and emotions.
55;9;Very few artist sing like this anymore...and if you are a 60's, or 70's baby, you know what I'm talking about...If you have never listened to any of his music, do yourselves a favor, and buy this CD...Pop it in your player at home, sit back and chill....His music will literally put you in a place of calm and at times make you want to get up and dance.....you will not regret it!
55;10;I have always loved George Michael.
54;1;Buy the CD, because this is a long time, dedicated fan who has seen him live any number of times and is telling you that this is as good as anything he has done and you will enjoy it.
54;2;Johnson grabs his acoustic guitar for a quick solo in dropped D tuning on "Song for George" that is absolutely beautiful.
54;3;The music is very good, and the guitar work is amazing.
54;4;Johnson grabs his acoustic guitar for a quick solo in dropped D tuning on "Song for George" that is absolutely beautiful.
54;5;"Ah Via Musicom" is a mix of instrumental guitar work and songs, yet the album is mostly focused on Johnson's guitar.
54;6;Impressively clean and intriguing lyrics (although most of the songs are instrumental), smooth clean vocals by EJ himself, amazing guitar skills while maintaining a non kick-in-the-face style (for those of us who don't want 'in your face' type music), and a couple of oddball songs (genre wise) thrown in to spice things up even more, as Eric always does.
54;7;This album is a testament to his virtuosity...This is a seminal electric-guitar driven album.
54;8;But I will qualify that statement anyway since you are all dying to know why I would say such a thing....AH VIA MUSICOM is a collage of textures, emotions, and styles and it really showcases Eric's amazing talent, his perseverance, and his skills as a songwriter.
54;9;Bear in mind that a lot of people made fun of Neil Young's voice early in his career.
54;10;I love the opening to "Nothing Can Keep Me From You".
53;1;The chorus is fantastic too...Rarely do I boast that most tracks on a compilation are fantastic.
53;2;On second thought, guys, you can keep it... you've done a fine job with this glam classic...The Ballroom Blitz- The band's most recognizable tune.
53;3;A really good collection of catchy bubblegum pop songs that will make you feel like rocking out and maybe even dancing.
53;4;On second thought, guys, you can keep it... you've done a fine job with this glam classic...The Ballroom Blitz- The band's most recognizable tune.
53;5;Great stuff...The rest of the songs on this disc seem to steer clear from any kind of moody atmosphere like "Love Is Like Oxygen" and focus more on having fun with upbeat vocal hooks.
53;6;On second thought, guys, you can keep it... you've done a fine job with this glam classic...The Ballroom Blitz- The band's most recognizable tune.
53;7;Still, this is a nicely put together 'Best Of' - recommended to SWEET newbies looking to explore the band as well as nostalgic fans wanting to take a SWEET trip down memory lane...4.5 of 5 stars
53;8;Couple the beat with a great riff, a catchy chorus and neat lyrics, and you've got a winner...Blockbuster- David Bowie called.
53;9;I do think that a lot of their music was "theatric", but it was fun and catchy.
53;10;Bloody infectious riff and rhythm coupled with aloof/frenzied vocals.
52;1;And I still think that the rock and roll Medley was  good enough to release on a single A-side!
52;2;I always think Elvis was equally great both in the Studio and On Stage.
52;3;And I still think that the rock and roll Medley was  good enough to release on a single A-side!
52;4;I always think Elvis was equally great both in the Studio and On Stage.
52;5;I always think Elvis was equally great both in the Studio and On Stage.
52;6;Here's Elvis in his home town live in concert, a great live CD.
52;7;I always think Elvis was equally great both in the Studio and On Stage.
52;8;I always think Elvis was equally great both in the Studio and On Stage.
52;9;I always think Elvis was equally great both in the Studio and On Stage.
52;10;My father-in-law loved this cd.
59;1;Overall, I enjoy this album tremendously for its sound as well as its melodies and arrangements.
59;2;Overall, I enjoy this album tremendously for its sound as well as its melodies and arrangements.
59;3;The music on this album has very good variety and great trumpet sound.
59;4;Overall, I enjoy this album tremendously for its sound as well as its melodies and arrangements.
59;5;Overall, I enjoy this album tremendously for its sound as well as its melodies and arrangements.
59;6;Overall, I enjoy this album tremendously for its sound as well as its melodies and arrangements.
59;7;Overall, I enjoy this album tremendously for its sound as well as its melodies and arrangements.
59;8;Overall, I enjoy this album tremendously for its sound as well as its melodies and arrangements.
59;9;Though the people he performs with are great, of course...I suggest it and especially for easy jazz listening or for background at a party or dinner... it's really good.
59;10;I love the recapitulation of the theme by the full orchestra, especially the glissandos by the horn section.
58;1;Maybe that's the difference in relation to In Between dreams that has some not so good tunes, making tha album a little uneven...On and On is a great soundtrack not only for surfing but also for people who enjoy Trekking like me, or even just lay back on a saturday afternoon on a couch watching the traffic in the sky.
58;2;Just Jack doing what he does best,well accept for surfing.
58;3;Jack is simply writing for fun, to relax, and to share good times with friends and family.
58;4;Just Jack doing what he does best,well accept for surfing.
58;5;An interview I read with him just radiated with easy, laid-back, 'take it as it comes' sensibility.
58;6;Just Jack doing what he does best,well accept for surfing.
58;7;More of the simple acoustic jamming that is perfect for driving with the windows down.
58;8;The best thing about the new album is the fact that Jack has proved he can build a legacy of rock-solid laid-back acoustic guitar blues rock sweetened by heart-warming lyrics for years to come!
58;9;"rodeo clowns" has such and infectious beat- I defy you not to dance a little each time it comes on!
58;10;If you liked Brushfire Fairytales then you will love this one.
57;1;Generally, this live release is a good cd to enjoy.
57;2;I forgot how good it is.
57;3;I forgot how good it is.
57;4;I forgot how good it is.
57;5;I forgot how good it is.
57;6;This cd is crisp, clean, and has the best drum sounds since A Show Of Hands.
57;7;I forgot how good it is.
57;8;Neil can obviously take himself a bit too seriously at times, judging from his often angry/introspective lyrics, and his playful solo/tribute is refreshing to observe either on recorded medium or witnessing live in concert...Overall this 2 cd set is a joy and is recorded very well.
57;9;In addition, the tempo on a couple of pieces (including, sadly, the much-anticipated "Bangkok") is slow...But I've had a really fun time listening to it.
57;10;RUSH is awesome...I LOVE this album.
56;1;I really enjoy this CD.
56;2;I really enjoy this CD.
56;3;It is exactly as described by the seller, very good product, I really like it!
56;4;I really enjoy this CD.
56;5;I really enjoy this CD.
56;6;It has a rock/country style that fits Daughtry's voice so great, a little more "down home" than his previous work.
56;7;I really enjoy this CD.
56;8;Song lyrics and sounds are great!
56;9;This album is so much fun to listen to!
56;10;You know how on some albums you find a couple great songs that you love and then the rest of the songs don't live up...not this album!
63;1;TKK's "After the Flesh" & Mary Chain's "Snakedriver" are good ones from them, & will satisfy old fans as well as others who've never heard of these good "late '80's" bands.
63;2;Though the movie always makes me sad and depressed (because of Brandon Lee's death), I have always loved the soundtrack, and still listen to it.
63;3;TKK's "After the Flesh" & Mary Chain's "Snakedriver" are good ones from them, & will satisfy old fans as well as others who've never heard of these good "late '80's" bands.
63;4;Listen there's at least something for every rock fan here and you'll discover some great music by bands you've probably never heard of before, for example: For Love not Lisa's Slip Slide Melting, you have got to hear it.
63;5;Listen there's at least something for every rock fan here and you'll discover some great music by bands you've probably never heard of before, for example: For Love not Lisa's Slip Slide Melting, you have got to hear it.
63;6;Listen there's at least something for every rock fan here and you'll discover some great music by bands you've probably never heard of before, for example: For Love not Lisa's Slip Slide Melting, you have got to hear it.
63;7;Listen there's at least something for every rock fan here and you'll discover some great music by bands you've probably never heard of before, for example: For Love not Lisa's Slip Slide Melting, you have got to hear it.
63;8;"Golgotha Tenement Blues," "Big Empty," "Dead  Souls," and "After the Flesh" are also well placed in the  film, and are great songs that carry both the action and emotion of the  film perfectly.
63;9;This is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
63;10;After all these years I still love this soundtrack.
62;1;Aerosmith and Motley Crue also released very good albums that year.
62;2;Hearing rhe stunning change of direction into 'Over my head' their most recognisable and infectious song would put most bands to shame, yet for me it is the descent into the luscious, tantalizing 'Summerland', surely one of their finest songs, which sums up the albums glorious diversity and vision.
62;3;Aerosmith and Motley Crue also released very good albums that year.
62;4;Hearing rhe stunning change of direction into 'Over my head' their most recognisable and infectious song would put most bands to shame, yet for me it is the descent into the luscious, tantalizing 'Summerland', surely one of their finest songs, which sums up the albums glorious diversity and vision.
62;5;or 'I'll never be the same', the intensely religious, televangelist satire of 'Mission' (with a gorgeous organ intro), the progressive, almost Rush-esque breakdown in the midst of the delicate 'Pleiades' and the crushing, dreamy dirge of the closer 'The Burning Down' (one of their most unique tracks), exemplary, well focused rockers like 'Send a message' and 'Dont believe it' and you have a very consistent record indeed.
62;6;All pouring out with an exotic taste & fragrance of the finest ingredients cooked to perfection.
62;7;Hearing rhe stunning change of direction into 'Over my head' their most recognisable and infectious song would put most bands to shame, yet for me it is the descent into the luscious, tantalizing 'Summerland', surely one of their finest songs, which sums up the albums glorious diversity and vision.
62;8;My favorite songs are Over My Head (cool riff, great vocals), Summerland (dreamy, again great vocals), Difference, Pleiades (cool lyrics), and Burning Down (cool fadeout).
62;9;Hearing rhe stunning change of direction into 'Over my head' their most recognisable and infectious song would put most bands to shame, yet for me it is the descent into the luscious, tantalizing 'Summerland', surely one of their finest songs, which sums up the albums glorious diversity and vision.
62;10;I love this cd and it doesn't sound dated.
61;1;There is also some low talking thrown in a few songs, Bullet Ride being one of them...Musically, while its not their best, it is very good.
61;2;All the songs on here are awesome those are just my favorites.
61;3;There is also some low talking thrown in a few songs, Bullet Ride being one of them...Musically, while its not their best, it is very good.
61;4;"Pinball Map" strikes forth with the strength of venomous vipers as the Meshuggah-like jackhammer rhythms show no mercy while "Swim" leaps through the speakers with the grace of a gazelle.
61;5;I read a lot of reviews and listened to many samples to get an idea of what the best of In Flames is, and I think I found their best albums.
61;6;Combining  afformentioned death metal vocals with clean, pure singing, Anders Friden  is as intense as ever.
61;7;All the songs on here are awesome those are just my favorites.
61;8;Clayman is one of those rare albums that has such a wide range of emotions,  it demands your full attention.
61;9;So, let's add my opinion to the mix for fun.
61;10;First couple times I heard them I didn't care for them, but I must say now I love them, and this album.
60;1;"Perfect Strangers" originally recorded by Deep Purple, is a well known rock piece, and its sufficent to say that Dream Theater does a good job covering it.
60;2;Oh, and throwing in the best performance of covers EVER at the end wasn't a bad idea either.
60;3;"Perfect Strangers" originally recorded by Deep Purple, is a well known rock piece, and its sufficent to say that Dream Theater does a good job covering it.
60;4;And the others are worth listening too.
60;5;Read the lyrics when the vocals are sung, and close your eyes in between...Hopefully you'll agree that it's one of the greatest tracks ever -- a mirror of a passage through a man's life, and through the change of seasons that come in everyone's life...A masterpiece of sound and emotion.
60;6;And the others are worth listening too.
60;7;It's a little more driven by percussion than the original, but Sherinian's piano work is spot-on.
60;8;Read the lyrics when the vocals are sung, and close your eyes in between...Hopefully you'll agree that it's one of the greatest tracks ever -- a mirror of a passage through a man's life, and through the change of seasons that come in everyone's life...A masterpiece of sound and emotion.
60;9;If you go out on Napster, you'll find quite a few other bootleg covers that are much more fun to listen to.
60;10;"Funeral for a Friend and Love Lies Bleeding is a VERY good cover of Elton John!
68;1;I thoroughly enjoyed their later incarnations, but this particular album has had more of a lasting effect on me than any of the others.
68;2;It's not BAD--it does have a neat build-up and build-down, but it feels a bit too sketchy and melodramatic, as if they couldn't quite figure out how to bring the album to a satisfying conclusion...The Cure would go on to make more elaborately-produced recordings later on, but "Seventeen Seconds" remains a key touchstone in their discography, and a phenomenal record in its own right.
68;3;M is a good mellow rocker which is a song Robert wrote for his future wife Mary.
68;4;Compared to the debut album, the sound is more sleek and polished.
68;5;Compared to the debut album, the sound is more sleek and polished.
68;6;Listening to "Seventeen Seconds" invokes images of two children, a boy and girl, playing together in their lovely, yet strikingly lonely house.
68;7;The ethereal qualities are balanced with driving bass and succulent guitar.
68;8;The booklet contains all the lyrics, music notes by Johnny Black and many nice photographs from the time of the recording.
68;9;A great thing to throw on at a party . . . quite the opposite of SEVENTEEN SECONDS.
68;10;I still love it to this day.
69;1;We are the same generation, so I get it--you should give this one a good listen and contemplate the message.
69;2;In person, along with his players (local or not) the music gets right into your soul as if it were a RR track spike making its connection and pain known.
69;3;We are the same generation, so I get it--you should give this one a good listen and contemplate the message.
69;4;same style, different tunes, Walter Trout's heart is into his music and showmanship 100%).
69;5;same style, different tunes, Walter Trout's heart is into his music and showmanship 100%).
69;6;same style, different tunes, Walter Trout's heart is into his music and showmanship 100%).
69;7;same style, different tunes, Walter Trout's heart is into his music and showmanship 100%).
69;8;You can always adjust this with a sound editor or a quality playback system, if you wish...The arrangement, composition(lyrics) are outstanding.
69;9;Last time a had this fun listening to a blues album was with the 2011 Warren Haynes' CD 'Man In Motion'.
69;10;I LOVE it's political and humanitarian theme.
70;1;Furthermore
70;2;Its like the dream team in rock music.
70;3;Joe Bonamassa sounds really relaxed and loosened up and his playing is more rock than blues which is a good thing!
70;4;Its like the dream team in rock music.
70;5;I also had read some reviews that referred to this as a Glenn Hughes record.
70;6;Its like the dream team in rock music.
70;7;Its like the dream team in rock music.
70;8;Its like the dream team in rock music.
70;9;Furthermore
70;10;All I know is that I love Glenn Hughes and Joe Bonamassa.
71;1;Their second album is also just as good!
71;2;This album is absolutely beautiful, and being a Savage Garden fan, their first is one of the best.
71;3;Their second album is also just as good!
71;4;This album is absolutely beautiful, and being a Savage Garden fan, their first is one of the best.
71;5;It reads like a beautiful, frustrated poem.
71;6;This album is absolutely beautiful, and being a Savage Garden fan, their first is one of the best.
71;7;This album is absolutely beautiful, and being a Savage Garden fan, their first is one of the best.
71;8;It's got beautiful lyrics, and Darren Hayes sings this with so much emotion I can't describe
71;9;There's nothing wrong with the song since the beat is perfect for the dance floor but after the last 3, it seems like a step down but still a good one.
71;10;The songs are wonderful and love everyone.
64;1;Tunes like Other Arms, In the Mood and Big Log are just excellent...Specific points would be - excellent harmonies and melodies
64;2;Tunes like Other Arms, In the Mood and Big Log are just excellent...Specific points would be - excellent harmonies and melodies
64;3;Tunes like Other Arms, In the Mood and Big Log are just excellent...Specific points would be - excellent harmonies and melodies
64;4;Tunes like Other Arms, In the Mood and Big Log are just excellent...Specific points would be - excellent harmonies and melodies
64;5;Tunes like Other Arms, In the Mood and Big Log are just excellent...Specific points would be - excellent harmonies and melodies
64;6;Tunes like Other Arms, In the Mood and Big Log are just excellent...Specific points would be - excellent harmonies and melodies
64;7;In the mood is a great tune with an awesome driving tom-fill solo by collins along with great high-hat work.
64;8;His first solo album was somewhat transitional, sounding a lot like LZ and occasionally touching on his divorce...In this album, he is more reflective and exploratory - both in the music and the lyrics.
64;9;Tunes like Other Arms, In the Mood and Big Log are just excellent...Specific points would be - excellent harmonies and melodies
64;10;Although, it has a very 80's, dated sound I still love it.
65;1;I found a real good price from a third party dealer and when I opened it I was so happy.
65;2;Musically it's better IMO and features some pretty funny banter from Jagger which helps make this package a "5 star" must have for all Stones fans.
65;3;This item was well worth the money, and came in good shape.
65;4;Musically it's better IMO and features some pretty funny banter from Jagger which helps make this package a "5 star" must have for all Stones fans.
65;5;Musically it's better IMO and features some pretty funny banter from Jagger which helps make this package a "5 star" must have for all Stones fans.
65;6;Musically it's better IMO and features some pretty funny banter from Jagger which helps make this package a "5 star" must have for all Stones fans.
65;7;Great trip back in time!
65;8;Musically it's better IMO and features some pretty funny banter from Jagger which helps make this package a "5 star" must have for all Stones fans.
65;9;It's fun to see the fashion from the period (bell-bottoms, etc) and the corded guitars and mics...I didn't like the quick camera editing in some spots.
65;10;I love ron woods bass solo on "fingerprint file".
66;1;There are lots of good songs here including the title track, "Mr Big", "Oh I Wept", "Remember", "Heavy Load", and "Don't Say You Love Me".
66;2;, "Remember", "Mr. big" and "All right now"...Recently, a sad version of "All right Now" was helping GM to sell cars here in Brazil.
66;3;There are lots of good songs here including the title track, "Mr Big", "Oh I Wept", "Remember", "Heavy Load", and "Don't Say You Love Me".
66;4;Paul Rodgers is simply the best rock singer since , since , well probably since his inspiration , Otis Redding...Hyperbole , perhaps.
66;5;Every song--there are only seven--contains what seems like an absolutely memorable and meticulously crafted guitar solo...The lead off track, "Fire and Water" is a perfect example of this
66;6;The surprisingly lovely "Oh I Wept" feels incredibly clean - that strummed guitar and gently patted high-hat followed by Fraser's clear-as-a-bell Bass - a wonderful job done.
66;7;, "Remember", "Mr. big" and "All right now"...Recently, a sad version of "All right Now" was helping GM to sell cars here in Brazil.
66;8;As you can see from this list of missing extras - your loss is considerable  most of these bonus tracks adding huge punch to the overall vibe of the 2001 reissue...The new booklet is 16-pages and shows an 8-Track Tape-Box photo of their most famous song 'All Right Now' on Page 2 (dated 8 March 1970) as well as other black and white photos of the band and the lyrics to the songs (which is new and welcome).
66;9;Though they outpointed Free for commercial endurance, they never really did get their hands around "Fire and Water"'s lightning long enough, notwithstanding that ("Straight Shooter," especially) it was occasionally fun to hear them try.
66;10;Apart from the hit, the only cut that is even vaguely light-hearted and up-tempo is 'Remember,' and even here, the love that oozes from Paul Rodgers voice about times past with his fictional lady friend just brings trembles to my body.
67;1;The guitar work and solos by both Tommy and JY are fantastic the vocals are good.
67;2;Dennis deYoung is brilliant and I'm sad that he is no longer part of the band.
67;3;The guitar work and solos by both Tommy and JY are fantastic the vocals are good.
67;4;The album is exciting because it balances the remaining rawness and hunger of the struggling band with the powerhouse rock force that it would soon become.
67;5;The album is exciting because it balances the remaining rawness and hunger of the struggling band with the powerhouse rock force that it would soon become.
67;6;The album is exciting because it balances the remaining rawness and hunger of the struggling band with the powerhouse rock force that it would soon become.
67;7;The album is exciting because it balances the remaining rawness and hunger of the struggling band with the powerhouse rock force that it would soon become.
67;8;Dennis deYoung is brilliant and I'm sad that he is no longer part of the band.
67;9;Put Me On (12/10) A nice moderate and fun rocker to start the album out with some great guitar work...Mademoiselle (22/10) A Styx classic to this day.
67;10;It ends with a romantic Dennis De Young composition- "Clair De Lune/Ballerina", which showcases Dennis's writing tallents- who else could write a beautiful love(rock)song to tie in with Debussey's classical masterpiece?
76;1;Though I am not particularly fond of the remasters, I am gratefully happy that they are anywhere in the retail market at all.
76;2;Not a bad song--actually, the tune and vocal melody are quite good.
76;3;In addition to reflecting a mood of happiness, contentment, peace, and joy, many of the songs also have a very optimistic thread to them, with the message that if you keep your chin up, don't lose hope, and keep smiling, eventually such good things will come to you too, even if you feel as though life and love are passing you by and happen to everyone but you.
76;4;The masterful guitar work, along with the sublime lyrics are simply mesmerizing.
76;5;It was probably his few years of training with Ravi Shankar on Sitar (he was the only Beatle who could write and read music -- Indian Music) that got some of the unusual bends and pulls he coaxed out of his solos...I remember getting this album on vinyl when it came out, and it still sounds great in whatever format you so choose.
76;6;"Love Comes to Everyone" would have been right at home on "Rubber Soul", and there are several other cuts on this CD that display gracefully the familiar mixture of sweetness, melodicism, and that distinctive guitar sound that constitute Harrison's style at its best.
76;7;It is a unique song with the brand of guitar playing Harrison made his own..."Faster" is a fun, danceable song that is a nod to George's love for race cars - Forumla One.
76;8;The masterful guitar work, along with the sublime lyrics are simply mesmerizing.
76;9;It is a unique song with the brand of guitar playing Harrison made his own..."Faster" is a fun, danceable song that is a nod to George's love for race cars - Forumla One.
76;10;Maybe his spirituality contributed to his ability to appreciate romantic love and life's simple joys as "Good Gifts
77;1;It sounds just as good as it did back then and again, thanks to the shipping department because the case arrive without a crack.
77;2;Finally I thought about you bird dogs and boom here it is, great.
77;3;It sounds just as good as it did back then and again, thanks to the shipping department because the case arrive without a crack.
77;4;Finally I thought about you bird dogs and boom here it is, great.
77;5;Finally I thought about you bird dogs and boom here it is, great.
77;6;Finally I thought about you bird dogs and boom here it is, great.
77;7;Finally I thought about you bird dogs and boom here it is, great.
77;8;Finally I thought about you bird dogs and boom here it is, great.
77;9;They are just as fun to listen to now as they were when I was younger.
77;10;I love his style
78;1;The sound quality is very good.
78;2;There are a lot of people who would disagree with me, I'm sure, but ultimately I think that Simon achieves something much more remarkable with Rhythm of the Saints than with his 1986 masterpiece.
78;3;The sound quality is very good.
78;4;There are a lot of people who would disagree with me, I'm sure, but ultimately I think that Simon achieves something much more remarkable with Rhythm of the Saints than with his 1986 masterpiece.
78;5;Simon really focused more on the "world" aspect of world music, more so than he did on Graceland...Overall, the new Paul Simon fan should get Graceland first, and if you like it (which you will, everyone does!)
78;6;Intoxicating rhythms, the amazingly astute and effective  Simonian poetry...  It's all here for an incredible musical experience  using South-American musical elements in an easy, clean,  energetic and  intoxicating cd.
78;7;After exploring African sounds on his wildly successful Graceland album, Paul Simon travels to another continent for new beats to explore.
78;8;Simon has always been the master of couching dark lyrics in emotions in upbeat tunes (think Sound of Silence).
78;9;This  world music style, relying on African and other strong rhythms is fun to listen and sing along with... you will become an expert steering wheel percussionist, if you aren't already.
78;10;That said, I loved this release, and would rank it as one of Simon's best solo albums.
79;1;At least I can still play these songs so that this aging child can enjoy the occasional respite of his youthful dreams.
79;2;with memories of a past love who finds another with a soul as sad as her own.
79;3;her albums are always a good listen, entertaining, and enjoyable
79;4;Chelsea Morning, I Don't Know Where I Stand and Gallery retain an innocence and vulnerability that are fated to recede with success and life's experiences.
79;5;Chelsea Morning, I Don't Know Where I Stand and Gallery retain an innocence and vulnerability that are fated to recede with success and life's experiences.
79;6;Chelsea Morning, I Don't Know Where I Stand and Gallery retain an innocence and vulnerability that are fated to recede with success and life's experiences.
79;7;Chelsea Morning, I Don't Know Where I Stand and Gallery retain an innocence and vulnerability that are fated to recede with success and life's experiences.
79;8;Her music and lyrics meld into a seamless, living, breathing whole - taking on a magical essence that's greater than the sum of its parts.
79;9;Chelsea Morning, I Don't Know Where I Stand and Gallery retain an innocence and vulnerability that are fated to recede with success and life's experiences.
79;10;The dreamer has awoken...Clouds appeal to the romantic side of us in it's purest sense.
72;1;If you have heard any Wu-Tang albums, and you enjoyed Ghostface, than this album is for you.
72;2;But what seperates Ghost from the average rapper is his incredible ability to convey emotions of pain, regret and paranoia in his music
72;3;There is only 1 song that I skip, about 6 classics, and the rest are good or great.
72;4;It has the gambino mafia type of stuff that we all like, the interesting lyrics, and just plain WU.
72;5;It has the gambino mafia type of stuff that we all like, the interesting lyrics, and just plain WU.
72;6;It has the gambino mafia type of stuff that we all like, the interesting lyrics, and just plain WU.
72;7;It has the gambino mafia type of stuff that we all like, the interesting lyrics, and just plain WU.
72;8;It has the gambino mafia type of stuff that we all like, the interesting lyrics, and just plain WU.
72;9;It has the gambino mafia type of stuff that we all like, the interesting lyrics, and just plain WU.
72;10;But that's how much I respect and love this album.
73;1;May you enjoy this nostalgic CD as much as I did!
73;2;This classic tearjerker song deals with the pain two lovers or spouses experience when one must go to war.
73;3;I considered giving this CD 4 1/2 stars for this but the songs are so good that this will be a five star review...Bill Vera contributes an informative essay for the liner notes and there are several great photos of the artists on this CD.
73;4;The mercurial Rhino Records label has done it again with this fabulous compilation of World War II-era songs.
73;5;The mercurial Rhino Records label has done it again with this fabulous compilation of World War II-era songs.
73;6;Great classic music, purchased for seniors home.
73;7;I enjoyed this compilation, I play it in my car.
73;8;The mercurial Rhino Records label has done it again with this fabulous compilation of World War II-era songs.
73;9;Highlight include, of course, the well-known "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy", "I'll Be Seeing You", the sassy, fun "G.I. Jive", Louis Armstrong's gorgeous "I Wonder", and Jo Stafford's stunning "Long Ago and Far Away" (which inspired me to go find more Stafford stuff.
73;10;Overall, this is a great CD for people who love American pop classics from the World War II era and big band vocals in general.
74;1;The Cd closes with I'm Not Living in the Real World which pretty much sums it up after this intelligent and always fun collection of songs.
74;2;And it is an inspired work, with both punky outbursts (title song for example) and AOR-like majestic sounds, like "Union city blue"...The sweet "Dreaming", the lullabye-esque "Shayla", the wondrous little ironic piece called "Die young stay pretty".
74;3;"The Hardest Part," while a good rocker, probably should not have been the follow-up single
74;4;They broke through to become an enduring all time favorite like groups such as The Police, The Clash and several other early KROQ types.
74;5;They broke through to become an enduring all time favorite like groups such as The Police, The Clash and several other early KROQ types.
74;6;They broke through to become an enduring all time favorite like groups such as The Police, The Clash and several other early KROQ types.
74;7;From the energetic drum rolls and simple opening new wave lead guitar strains of `Dreaming' to the closing bars of `Living in the Real World' twelve songs later, the drive and energy of Blondie's crowning achievement, `Eat to the Beat', never lets up...Producer Mike Chapman seems to have taken a different approach on this follow up to his massively successful first album with the band.
74;8;"Accidents Never Happen" is a suspenseful rocker with its up and down emotions and is a memorable Jimmy Destri effort.
74;9;The Cd closes with I'm Not Living in the Real World which pretty much sums it up after this intelligent and always fun collection of songs.
74;10;Back with Dave Chapman again as co-producer, this re-vitalised my love for them again, and it remains a master hit in my collection.
75;1;He's just out to have a good time, and make some music that he enjoys.
75;2;"Nine Lives" is an excellent album features nine new tracks from Steve.
75;3;Paul Booth is so good on the saxophone and flute here.
75;4;"Nine Lives" is an excellent album features nine new tracks from Steve.
75;5;The album focus on drums and rhythms though out has been consistently Winwood since the beginning and serves well in this well crafted album...Here is a very brief (maybe too brief) reaction to each track.
75;6;"Nine Lives" is an excellent album features nine new tracks from Steve.
75;7;For the remainding songs of the 9 on this CD you will be equally pleased and will find memorable enough to want the lyrics...Mr Winwood turned 60 just days ago, but his vocals are as strong and his musical drive just as steady as it was in his earler rock days.
75;8;The lyrics are thought provoking, and the music is soothing and moving.
75;9;"Nine Lives" is an excellent album features nine new tracks from Steve.
75;10;I really love this album.
85;1;Best here: "Say Goodbye to Hollywood", "Captain Jack", "You're My Home" and "I've Loved These Days" but that's leaving out alot of good stuff.
85;2;The perfect version of this classic - too bad 5.1 went out of style as that would have been a nice addition - but this is fantastic.
85;3;Best here: "Say Goodbye to Hollywood", "Captain Jack", "You're My Home" and "I've Loved These Days" but that's leaving out alot of good stuff.
85;4;"Say Goodbye to Hollywood" and "Capitan Jack" are also performed.
85;5;And, Billy's extensive liner notes make for a great read.
85;6;The valentine's day song "You're My Home", is performed, with a particularly more powerful vocal by Billy.
85;7;Every song is piano driven.
85;8;It had always been a powerful song, but these days the experience of listening to the lyrics and the crowd reactions to them is strangely cathartic.
85;9;"Say Goodbye to Hollywood" and "Capitan Jack" are also performed.
85;10;"Summer, Highland Falls" and "I've Loved These Days" are so emotional and romantic.
84;1;I've been listening to this album for about a week know and I can honestly say that I enjoy listening to it straight through...these guys have a great sound that just makes you feel good when your listening.
84;2;Yet again the music is very moving and emotional.
84;3;Can't believe this band is that good and I never heard of them until now!
84;4;Yet again the music is very moving and emotional.
84;5;Many bands are content to focus on one emotion.
84;6;It comes out really nice and clean, and the sound-quality it good.
84;7;But they still have alot of screaming so their good, oh yea and they're from "Drive Thru Records" so you know they'll be good.
84;8;It has great songwriting, great music, great lyrics, and most of all great emotion.
84;9;Thank you and please continue your fully legal fun here on Amazon.com.
84;10;I love them with all my heart so I say it's a good buy.
87;1;This is the ojays at their best enjoy!
87;2;I forgot how landmark this CD is.
87;3;I forgot how good they sound and vinyl to.
87;4;I forgot how landmark this CD is.
87;5;I forgot how landmark this CD is.
87;6;The remaster is by WAYNE A. DICKSON and is superlative - incredibly clean, clear and present reflecting GAMBLE & HUFF'S superb production values back in the day.
87;7;The title cut is as powerful today as it was back then, as it is homage to those who traveled as cargo on the slave ships of our country's past.
87;8;Timeless tunes, heartfelt soul, harmonies that seamlessly merge and linger, socially-conscious lyrics with depth and relevance: the music on this sweet album had it all ... and did it all.
87;9;You can dance, listen, and think about important issues at the same time!
87;10;The O'Jays returned with "Ship Ahoy"--a masterpiece which included the ageless "For The Love Of Money and the glorious ballad "Now That We Found Love".
86;1;The best quality 5:1sound(as per the usual SW)and gorgeously directed and edited by Lasse Hoile--as good as it gets.
86;2;The new double Porcupine Tree CD, the Live Octane Twisted, is terrible, bad sound, bad picture, bored concert... but this one is fantastic.
86;3;The best quality 5:1sound(as per the usual SW)and gorgeously directed and edited by Lasse Hoile--as good as it gets.
86;4;Both the audio and video are spectacular.
86;5;Both the audio and video are spectacular.
86;6;My home theater has never sounded/looked this good.
86;7;Both the audio and video are spectacular.
86;8;The new double Porcupine Tree CD, the Live Octane Twisted, is terrible, bad sound, bad picture, bored concert... but this one is fantastic.
86;9;Both the audio and video are spectacular.
86;10;It's true-- I love it.
81;1;It gives so much joy and loosens up the emotions.
81;2;If you like them, you love them, and if you don't, you don't...It's a great CD, but how could it not be?
81;3;This is a very good collection of the Cranberries hits and should-be hits.
81;4;If you like them, you love them, and if you don't, you don't...It's a great CD, but how could it not be?
81;5;The collection focuses on the group's singles, all of which, together are included along with one selected number from their arguably most acclaimed album, "No Need to argue" and two previously unreleased tracks...Personally, I find the group most interesting when their Irish folk-roots shines through most clearly .
81;6;If you like them, you love them, and if you don't, you don't...It's a great CD, but how could it not be?
81;7;"New new York"-fun song, love to sing it with her at the top of my voice while driving.
81;8;It gives so much joy and loosens up the emotions.
81;9;"New new York"-fun song, love to sing it with her at the top of my voice while driving.
81;10;If you like them, you love them, and if you don't, you don't...It's a great CD, but how could it not be?
80;1;It's good that "The Circle Game" isn't included here, for that song is a generalization of what this album does.
80;2;--Our tongues turn blue" [Because of the anticipation and the rhythmic emphasis on the words "tongues turn," these blue tongues become as vivid as you can possibly imagine.]
80;3;It's good that "The Circle Game" isn't included here, for that song is a generalization of what this album does.
80;4;I could just bawl my eyes out in sheer exhilaration because the music is so pure and innocent, something Joni is legendary for.
80;5;It's poetry & storytelling & character study combined within each of these stunning creations.
80;6;The record has an odd, brittle beauty, and includes three of her finest songs: "I Had a King" (maybe the best sad divorce song ever), Cactus Tree (a litany of abandoned lovers which established her popular, if largely undeserved, reputation as a classic rock & roll "Old Lady"), and my personal favourite, "Marcie," a small, beautifully-observed tale of a lonely woman in New York which would sound right at home on any of Mitchell's 1990s releases.
80;7;I could just bawl my eyes out in sheer exhilaration because the music is so pure and innocent, something Joni is legendary for.
80;8;It takes a certain charming naivete to engage in the hippy-dippy imaginings of some of these lyrics and the Loreena McKennitt-esque antiquarian vocal formality.
80;9;"The Pirate Of Penance" is notable for the arrangement of the vocals, which suddenly speed up when she sings, for example, "She dances for the sailors in a smoky cabaret bar underground."
80;10;"Marcie" is another incredible song about a woman waiting for love to come knocking at her door, in the form of a letter from her love interest.
83;1;was written and it enjoy every song,
83;2;The album cuts were also top notch with the best being the ballad "A Laugh and A Tear", the rousing "The Face of the Nation", and "Minutes to Memories".
83;3;On subsequent albums, it will become more obvious, but here he alters his tone and inflection, becoming the voice that the song demands..."Justice & Independence '85" is a thrilling tour-de-force of all that is good is rock.
83;4;The album cuts were also top notch with the best being the ballad "A Laugh and A Tear", the rousing "The Face of the Nation", and "Minutes to Memories".
83;5;The lyrics are kinda cool though, so make sure you at least read 'em...I read that Mellencamp and his band learned several dozen classic rock songs from the 50's and 60's to prepare for the recording of this album.
83;6;Collectively, these songs convey powerful messages about home, family, country, society, and life in general.
83;7;I love every track on this disc, even the homey reprieve, "Grandma's Theme," which is guaranteed to conjure up memories of your own grandmother (or maybe great grandmother) in her rocking chair...I must cite one track on Scarecrow that happens to be among my very favorite songs of all time: "Justice and Independence '85" is a driving rocker with clever lyrics and distinctively pounding drums.
83;8;The music is great and the lyrics are from the heart.
83;9;In short, Mellencamp's work is a form of cultural sharing...Listeners will undoubtedly love this collection
83;10;"Small Town" was a huge hit and tells of the little Indiana hometown, "Minutes To Memories" is about an old man he meets on a bus and "Rumbleseat" is about being young and in love.
82;1;It's such a good mix to showcase her range.
82;2;This is truly a wonderful Patti LaBelle compilation.
82;3;It's such a good mix to showcase her range.
82;4;This is truly a wonderful Patti LaBelle compilation.
82;5;This is truly a wonderful Patti LaBelle compilation.
82;6;This is truly a wonderful Patti LaBelle compilation.
82;7;This is truly a wonderful Patti LaBelle compilation.
82;8;This is truly a wonderful Patti LaBelle compilation.
82;9;This is truly a wonderful Patti LaBelle compilation.
82;10;Fans and newbies will love this...great quality.
93;1;My record collection was sold many years ago, and SO happy to find this re-issue on CD.
93;2;Seriously...Besides that, the song itself is great, but definitely stuck in that typical late 60's vibe (which is never a bad thing, of course) and the rest of the album flows with creativity that I recommend owning this album.
93;3;Also good are "Girl In Your Eye", which will relax the bejeebers out of you, and "Straight Arrow", the comedy relief cut...The arrangements on all the songs on this album are absolutely faultless, with a major jazz influence, especially on the keyboards, and I remember one reviewer, (it might have been Robert Christgau,) stating that the first Traffic album, "Mr. Fantasy", and this one were somewhat similar.
93;4;While this wasn't as trick as THOSE boys, something told me to take a chance on it...A very pleasant surprise!
93;5;While this wasn't as trick as THOSE boys, something told me to take a chance on it...A very pleasant surprise!
93;6;While this wasn't as trick as THOSE boys, something told me to take a chance on it...A very pleasant surprise!
93;7;Thanks to the ripped versions that I was able to download as soon as I purchased it, I dove right in and have been loving it ever since...Spirit struck a careful balance between disciplined studio chops, jazz improvisation, and driving rock and roll.
93;8;Seriously...Besides that, the song itself is great, but definitely stuck in that typical late 60's vibe (which is never a bad thing, of course) and the rest of the album flows with creativity that I recommend owning this album.
93;9;A couple of rockers, couple of instrumentals, serious messages on some, and some fun songs.
93;10;I had this album nearly the first week it had come out, and played it often and loved it dearly.
92;1;They are always a good choice to listen to on the holidays.
92;2;One day maybe I will get to see them live!
92;3;They are always a good choice to listen to on the holidays.
92;4;One day maybe I will get to see them live!
92;5;One day maybe I will get to see them live!
92;6;One day maybe I will get to see them live!
92;7;One day maybe I will get to see them live!
92;8;One day maybe I will get to see them live!
92;9;One day maybe I will get to see them live!
92;10;I love all of their works.
95;1;Songs such as 'Life', 'Everyday People', 'Fun' and my favorite track 'I Want to Take You Higher' are classic songs that get better through age and are catchy, funky and very inspiring to my ears.
95;2;he truly had a blue Print for creativity and I love all of these songs.
95;3;if you remember Woodstock, the original from the 60's and i'm not talking about that crappy from the 90's, and seen sly's performance in the movie this compiolation will bring those good vibes back.
95;4;Great album and I continue to listen over and over again
95;5;Every single CD from 1968 forward mentions the incredible influence that Sly Stone had on the music of Miles when you read the liner notes.
95;6;Great album and I continue to listen over and over again
95;7;Disc 2 contains longer, instrumental and less commercial sounding songs but remain very exciting and enjoyable to listen to...I have not been this excited by a CD compilation such as this in a long time...Buy this, put it in your car and play VERY LOUD !
95;8;If you dedicate some time and listen to both CD's, in addition to the incredible groove, check out their lyrics.
95;9;Songs such as 'Life', 'Everyday People', 'Fun' and my favorite track 'I Want to Take You Higher' are classic songs that get better through age and are catchy, funky and very inspiring to my ears.
95;10;he truly had a blue Print for creativity and I love all of these songs.
94;1;She has 11 penned down tracks and every one of them I enjoy.
94;2;The result sounds clever, upbeat and boldly defiant of genre
94;3;I recently heard the sonng They Say Vision on the radio and thought it was quite good and so I decided to take a chance on the Res album.
94;4;The result sounds clever, upbeat and boldly defiant of genre
94;5;I was first alerted to this incredible singer through the MTV and VH1 airplay of "They Say Vision", a clever and sophisticated.urban pop song which moves through several twists and turns but always focuses around its fast-moving chorus
94;6;The result sounds clever, upbeat and boldly defiant of genre
94;7;If you dig Res check out Esthero's "breath from another" album  Another great "trip hop" release.
94;8;The result sounds clever, upbeat and boldly defiant of genre
94;9;The result sounds clever, upbeat and boldly defiant of genre
94;10;I also love the entire disc.
89;1;Indeed, some moments in the album remind a lot of BSS ("I Feel It All" and "Past Is Present" being two good examples), but there's a whole lot more to enjoy in here.
89;2;It's sad since this misstep aside `Reminder' is downright perfection...And when I speak of perfection the tracks that come to mind are the breathtakingly beautiful ballads that litter this album exposing the raw and effortless quality of Feist's vocals.
89;3;Indeed, some moments in the album remind a lot of BSS ("I Feel It All" and "Past Is Present" being two good examples), but there's a whole lot more to enjoy in here.
89;4;If you discover a beauty here like I did, then you might consider checking out Let It Die, the only other thing near The Reminder's style and quality...Album's come and go, but timeless is The Reminder.
89;5;Listen and read the lyrics to songs like Limit to your Love, How My Heart Behaves, 1234.
89;6;After taking the album home I now realize that "1234" is probably the best song that The Reminder has to offer.
89;7;I'm going to burn a CD for the car, because this is just amazing stuff...Feist's voice has that strange little catch in it that really brings emotion into the music.
89;8;Also upbeat is catchy pop of "My moon my man" which is the most commercial sounding song here...With moving, poetic lyrics, pianos and strings doing all kinds of wonderful things, this CD is an aural delight.
89;9;It's not as infectious a single as `My Moon My Man' but it's still admirable and fun to say the least...Leslie carries this bouncy, Jazzy/Pop feel through tracks like `I Feel It All' which has a very steady pounding drum line that makes you want to chant along with her.
89;10;The more I listen to "The Reminder", the more I love it.
88;1;So I'm enjoying one of my favorite records in richer, fuller sound than I've ever heard before on vinyl or CD.
88;2;"Freeport," "Blackpatch," "Brown earth," "Up on the roof" and on and on...songs of love, songs of despair, songs of protest.
88;3;Christmas In My Soul is Winter with its holiday theme and call for peace on earth in a bleak world.
88;4;"Freeport," "Blackpatch," "Brown earth," "Up on the roof" and on and on...songs of love, songs of despair, songs of protest.
88;5;When I later read that the record co. tried to get Laura to change the title to something less...confusing, and that she adamantly refused, I thought, "Good for her!"
88;6;"Freeport," "Blackpatch," "Brown earth," "Up on the roof" and on and on...songs of love, songs of despair, songs of protest.
88;7;"Freeport," "Blackpatch," "Brown earth," "Up on the roof" and on and on...songs of love, songs of despair, songs of protest.
88;8;Her songs resonate from the depth of her soul and spirit that transcends the meaning to what she is trying to convey through her lyrics and music which she does so easily.
88;9;She'll have you listening intently with your eyes closed, or about to get up sing, shout and dance along with her.
88;10;"Freeport," "Blackpatch," "Brown earth," "Up on the roof" and on and on...songs of love, songs of despair, songs of protest.
91;1;Solid album by the Elements, I bought the Target version as it contains 2 extra tracks which are very good and I was happy to say that I had to go to 2 different Target as they were sold out!
91;2;There is not a bad song on this album--the only thing you'll get here is stellar, great, and good.
91;3;There is not a bad song on this album--the only thing you'll get here is stellar, great, and good.
91;4;NTF is music to sit back relax and enjoy the musical journey!
91;5;NTF is music to sit back relax and enjoy the musical journey!
91;6;NTF is music to sit back relax and enjoy the musical journey!
91;7;NTF is music to sit back relax and enjoy the musical journey!
91;8;There is not a bad song on this album--the only thing you'll get here is stellar, great, and good.
91;9;Their music is terrific and you will want to get up and dance your heart out!
91;10;And the ballads are jaw-dropping gorgeous (like Got to Be Love).
90;1;I really enjoy the songs on here.
90;2;The songs are great and everyone gets a chance to shine in a solo.
90;3;This is a little different and already 2 years old, but very good nonetheless.
90;4;The songs are great and everyone gets a chance to shine in a solo.
90;5;The songs are great and everyone gets a chance to shine in a solo.
90;6;The songs are great and everyone gets a chance to shine in a solo.
90;7;The songs are great and everyone gets a chance to shine in a solo.
90;8;The songs are great and everyone gets a chance to shine in a solo.
90;9;The songs are great and everyone gets a chance to shine in a solo.
90;10;I loved the original group but this has a couple of new people.
102;1;Even if i don't particular like all of the songs i enjoy 90% of the music.
102;2;This  CD has really great Gospel Music by some of the best Gospel singers.
102;3;I received in very good condition and great sound quality.
102;4;This  CD has really great Gospel Music by some of the best Gospel singers.
102;5;This  CD has really great Gospel Music by some of the best Gospel singers.
102;6;This  CD has really great Gospel Music by some of the best Gospel singers.
102;7;What a CD of praise and worship, it will lift your spirit and make you shout in your car on the freeway.
102;8;This  CD has really great Gospel Music by some of the best Gospel singers.
102;9;This  CD has really great Gospel Music by some of the best Gospel singers.
102;10;I choose this CD because it's a great one, also I love gospel music.
103;1;I love Queen but this is a special recording of Freddie which would be enjoyed by many.
103;2;This cd is intimate, sad, joyous and exalted--just like him.
103;3;I was pleasantly surprised how good it was.
103;4;One of the best works by Mr. Mercury., and is his best since the early days of Queen.
103;5;One of the best works by Mr. Mercury., and is his best since the early days of Queen.
103;6;an opera singer who he absolutely loved,montserratte caballe,a spain resident and renowned,accomplished ,well loved by the residents of her home country,was in town at the same time freddie was there.freddie started writing a semi-rock opera with the brilliant mike moran,and asked mike to contact her to discuss the possibility of doing this new creation together.after many talks with her management,and many balks by the star herself,she reluctantly agreed to meet freddie.
103;7;One of the best works by Mr. Mercury., and is his best since the early days of Queen.
103;8;She functions as the perfect partner in crime for Mercury as they both held each other in awe and reverance, even after they became acquainted...Every song is complex, layered and utterly brimming with emotion.
103;9;The professional collaboration and personal friendship of these two immensely--as well as differently--endowed musicians is a gift to the world.
103;10;freddie and mike performed a couple of the finished songs for her and she fell in love with the idea and agreed to do it.
100;1;Its good that he has brought someone new in.
100;2;The songs and ideas are instantly familiar to any YES fan.
100;3;Its good that he has brought someone new in.
100;4;The songs and ideas are instantly familiar to any YES fan.
100;5;The songs and ideas are instantly familiar to any YES fan.
100;6;The songs and ideas are instantly familiar to any YES fan.
100;7;The songs and ideas are instantly familiar to any YES fan.
100;8;After listening to this cd a few times, it grows on you, what a wonderful cd, great lyrics and great music.
100;9;The songs and ideas are instantly familiar to any YES fan.
100;10;Trust me: I am not steering you wrong....you will love this!
101;1;Buy this Disc, you'll be glad you did, you'll be totally entertained and you will enjoy a very good evening watching your tele.
101;2;I have never been able to see them in concert.
101;3;I was a little worried about the record company that recorded it, but after listening to it, my worry is no more, it is recorded in good quality and sounds great.
101;4;I have never been able to see them in concert.
101;5;I have never been able to see them in concert.
101;6;I have never been able to see them in concert.
101;7;Gregg delivers his deep salty growl driven vocals on both "Dreams" and "Whipping Post".
101;8;As the song went on his voice got even stronger his voice rose and dripped with emotion Sam unbuttoned his jacket the musicians on the stage along with the sellout crowd were lifted with each word and note Wow!
101;9;I have never been able to see them in concert.
101;10;If you like Greg Allman and the Allman brothers you will love this.
98;1;Oh, and look at the price that Amazon's currently selling this at
98;2;However, it's pretty sad that Alan is not in the band anymore, but they can still write really good songs.
98;3;Every song on each of the two cds is a good one.
98;4;This is easily a song that I liked from the start of receiving the collection as a gift and still enjoy five years later.
98;5;This is easily a song that I liked from the start of receiving the collection as a gift and still enjoy five years later.
98;6;The roller coaster ride of 'It's No Good' has become a popular choice, as well as the clean, haunting melody of 'Home'.
98;7;For DM fans, this is a great collection to have in the car or to take on a plane, when you want to hear the hits.
98;8;You can feel  the ache and emotion of the lyrics in Dave's voice, and I think it's  gorgeous.
98;9;takes me back to the fun times
98;10;If you're a cure, smiths, new order or U2 fan  or just into brit pop you'll love this group!
99;1;Good for Christmas cocktail party.
99;2;Great easy-listening, smooth , nice Christmas album... I love it!
99;3;Good for Christmas cocktail party.
99;4;Great easy-listening, smooth , nice Christmas album... I love it!
99;5;For this album, Diana chose to vary the tempo by including some bouncy songs as well as the ballads that she has tended to focus on in her more recent albums.
99;6;"I'll Be Home For Christmas" proves just how rich and robust her voice can be, while "Winter Wonderland" shows off that playful, jazzy side.
99;7;My sweetheart loves Christmas, so every year I am on the lookout for a new CD that might be nice to listen to on the rare chance we get to drive together.
99;8;Great easy-listening, smooth , nice Christmas album... I love it!
99;9;Good for Christmas cocktail party.
99;10;Great easy-listening, smooth , nice Christmas album... I love it!
96;1;K & D have successfully defined themselves as lords of the  studio, tossing aside any pretentious need for prefixes or Alias
96;2;K & D have successfully defined themselves as lords of the  studio, tossing aside any pretentious need for prefixes or Alias
96;3;Very good pressing of a favorite electronica album... very well worth the purchase price.
96;4;K & D have successfully defined themselves as lords of the  studio, tossing aside any pretentious need for prefixes or Alias
96;5;I bought this CD because of the overwhelming positive comments I read about it here.
96;6;K & D have successfully defined themselves as lords of the  studio, tossing aside any pretentious need for prefixes or Alias
96;7;"Sessions" could be defined as  multidimentional,  in that it is the perfect album for that night drive in  your car, dinner music for the hippest of coktail parties, downbeat club  dancing,...even serves as the quintessential sensual mix for that perfect,  romantic evening where you turn down the lights, fire up a few candles  and...well, use your imagination here.
96;8;Really a masterwork...full of emotion  and technical wizardry, there really is something for everybody.
96;9;"Sessions" could be defined as  multidimentional,  in that it is the perfect album for that night drive in  your car, dinner music for the hippest of coktail parties, downbeat club  dancing,...even serves as the quintessential sensual mix for that perfect,  romantic evening where you turn down the lights, fire up a few candles  and...well, use your imagination here.
96;10;"Sessions" could be defined as  multidimentional,  in that it is the perfect album for that night drive in  your car, dinner music for the hippest of coktail parties, downbeat club  dancing,...even serves as the quintessential sensual mix for that perfect,  romantic evening where you turn down the lights, fire up a few candles  and...well, use your imagination here.
97;1;I am very happy with this CD and an enjoying it very much.
97;2;The group is a blend of blue grass and modern folk music and is a joy to hear.
97;3;This is good good stuff.
97;4;Leaving Eden so far is their high water mark.
97;5;Leaving Eden so far is their high water mark.
97;6;Leaving Eden so far is their high water mark.
97;7;Rhiannon Giddens' voice is powerful, driving, and also soothing and gentle when she wants it to be.
97;8;Lead singer Rhiannon Giddens gives this song emotion and life as it tells the tale of a dying mill town.
97;9;Lots of spoons and fun.
97;10;Delivering a wonderful sonic mixture of Mid-to-late 19th Century Black American Music and reels, jigs, hoe-downs, near-folk-rock, a killer ring-shout, and even Caribbean-influenced tunes--put this album on a par with the Grammy-winning&nbsp
110;1;Singles "Love Me Like You Mean It" and "Dibs are great songs and a fantastic introduction to the voice and perspective of this new artist.
110;2;This CD is something very rare in today's music...one that can be played all the way through repeatedly and should not be chopped up into downloading a few songs.
110;3;This is such a good album, with so many catchy tunes!
110;4;This CD is something very rare in today's music...one that can be played all the way through repeatedly and should not be chopped up into downloading a few songs.
110;5;I realize many of today's buyers focus on individual songs rather than buying CD's but this is one you should definitely buy in its entirety.
110;6;This CD is something very rare in today's music...one that can be played all the way through repeatedly and should not be chopped up into downloading a few songs.
110;7;This album is perfect for summer and driving with the windows down.
110;8;I am really excited to have another women country artist, and I love her sound and her lyrics.
110;9;Then there are other songs like "XO" and "Sirens" that are just plain fun, powerhouse vocals.
110;10;Great CD, love all the songs on it!!
111;1;Awsome lyrics and a really fun song...scavenger type-5/5-and acoustic song, with really good lyrics, and quite depressing.
111;2;This was one of the three CD's that introduced me into the wonderful world of punk (Bad Religion's Stranger Than Fiction and Pennywise's About Time were the other two if you're curious).
111;3;Awsome lyrics and a really fun song...scavenger type-5/5-and acoustic song, with really good lyrics, and quite depressing.
111;4;I will beat your ass.
111;5;I first bought Pump up the Valuum, loved it, and read that this CD was NOFX's best.
111;6;The bass is very strong in this album, the drums could be a bit better, but the guitar duo of El Hefe and Melvin delivers a clean sound with some great riffs.
111;7;I will beat your ass.
111;8;Awsome lyrics and a really fun song...scavenger type-5/5-and acoustic song, with really good lyrics, and quite depressing.
111;9;Awsome lyrics and a really fun song...scavenger type-5/5-and acoustic song, with really good lyrics, and quite depressing.
111;10;I first bought Pump up the Valuum, loved it, and read that this CD was NOFX's best.
108;1;Too Hood the song w/ DMX is a good song also I like both cds I listen to all of Monica cds all of her songs are pretty good you can't go wrong buying this album or any of Monica's  albums you will be very happy!!!!
108;2;i love this cd so much,i git this from my father for my mark at school,in Asia it doesn't have the bonus dvd/cd....so it make me feel sad because this cd got a lot of beautiful song................here's my review:.
108;3;Monica is my girl, she keeps it real and she can sing really good.
108;4;Monica ventures into new musical areas.
108;5;Monica ventures into new musical areas.
108;6;"Don't Gotta Go Home" with DMX is hot!
108;7;Monica ventures into new musical areas.
108;8;I Wrote This Song**(Song about ex-good nice lyrics.
108;9;She has great dance tracks on here and never has her voice sounded so strong,soulful and powerful as it does on this cd!
108;10;I love this album and it speaks for itself.
109;1;I wouldn't say they're the best of the best - I've heard versions by conductors as varied as Bohm, Kubelik, Szell, Walter, Maag, Fricsay, Reiner and Klemperer which I'd rate higher, but everything here is consistently good across the board, and is superior sonically to any of the aforementioned recordings.
109;2;Still, I liked his interpretations, which offered a fresh, historically-informed view on Mozart using modern instruments.
109;3;I wouldn't say they're the best of the best - I've heard versions by conductors as varied as Bohm, Kubelik, Szell, Walter, Maag, Fricsay, Reiner and Klemperer which I'd rate higher, but everything here is consistently good across the board, and is superior sonically to any of the aforementioned recordings.
109;4;Still, I liked his interpretations, which offered a fresh, historically-informed view on Mozart using modern instruments.
109;5;Still, I liked his interpretations, which offered a fresh, historically-informed view on Mozart using modern instruments.
109;6;Still, I liked his interpretations, which offered a fresh, historically-informed view on Mozart using modern instruments.
109;7;This is a testament to Makerras' drive to pull everything he can from the orchestra.
109;8;Still, I liked his interpretations, which offered a fresh, historically-informed view on Mozart using modern instruments.
109;9;Still, I liked his interpretations, which offered a fresh, historically-informed view on Mozart using modern instruments.
109;10;Still, I liked his interpretations, which offered a fresh, historically-informed view on Mozart using modern instruments.
106;1;Must have for hardcore fans and a good place to start for those just getting into Aerosmith.
106;2;This instant classic rock ballad explores the pain a man feels when he sees his former girlfriend with another man.
106;3;Must have for hardcore fans and a good place to start for those just getting into Aerosmith.
106;4;"Permanent Vacation" in 1987 was their first sober album in years and was a huge success, they followed that success with "Pump" - another classic.
106;5;"Permanent Vacation" in 1987 was their first sober album in years and was a huge success, they followed that success with "Pump" - another classic.
106;6;Aerosmith is best when they're rockin' the house - bluesy raunch & roll style.
106;7;I listen to this alot in my car and I enjoy it.
106;8;Has thoughtful lyrics and a great twin guitar attack by Whitford and Perry...10.
106;9;This album is fun, fast, and is a goodtime like a rock album should be.
106;10;I love the sexual innuendo.
107;1;Now I enjoy listening good songs.
107;2;Definitely an item to add to your collection.
107;3;I like the way they put this cd together and put a lot of good songs from all CW's cd's.
107;4;Definitely an item to add to your collection.
107;5;Definitely an item to add to your collection.
107;6;Definitely an item to add to your collection.
107;7;PLAYING IT RIGHT NOW in my car... Charlies is really talented.
107;8;Definitely an item to add to your collection.
107;9;Charlie is awsome for my parties!
107;10;I love my cd, the Very Best of Charlie Wilson.
104;1;This is "Sunday-brunch-on-the-balcony-in-the-sun-with-mimosas" kind of a CD and I enjoy it every weekend!
104;2;This is an excellent package of the songs of the man we knew as "Sachmo",Louis Armstrong.
104;3;Armstrong's vocals are amazing, the song selection is high-quality, and the price is good.
104;4;This is an excellent package of the songs of the man we knew as "Sachmo",Louis Armstrong.
104;5;This is an excellent package of the songs of the man we knew as "Sachmo",Louis Armstrong.
104;6;I played for the residents at a nursing home and they loved it as well too.
104;7;When they travel they listen to it and really like it
104;8;This is an excellent package of the songs of the man we knew as "Sachmo",Louis Armstrong.
104;9;In addition, there's also "Blueberry Hill" which sparkles like champagne when Louis performs this to perfection..."Ain't Misbehavin'" is a whole lot of fun to hear
104;10;I love it as it so soothing even when he sings.
105;1;With releases by Meshuggah, Soilwork, and In Flames, this has been a very good year for European metal -- actually, the metal / rock genre as a whole.
105;2;There is not one track on this album that is bad, in fact every track on this album is flawless, and the way they are arranged on the album sends the viewers from constant adrenaline highs to brooding pleasantness.
105;3;With releases by Meshuggah, Soilwork, and In Flames, this has been a very good year for European metal -- actually, the metal / rock genre as a whole.
105;4;The songs are very catchy and well written and there is certainly a lot of depth to the songs.
105;5;The songs are very catchy and well written and there is certainly a lot of depth to the songs.
105;6;There is also the addition of clean vocals which I personally welcome.
105;7;A killer chorus, driving riffs, and balance between melodic and heavy.
105;8;Solid, heavy guitar riffs, excellent vocals and lyrics, just a great album.
105;9;This album is also so fun to listen to.
105;10;I love every song, but find myself enjoying the first half of the album more often.
119;1;Diana Ross & The Supremes always sounded good whenever they sang--they put so much feeling into their songs that you could really sense it while you enjoyed every minute of each song.
119;2;She's mostly written about these days in the negative, but these songs show what a talent she is.
119;3;There are quite a number of their really good songs, which (for whatever reason) never reached out and grabbed me.
119;4;And this advice holds for EVERY 60s Motown artist you love who has an 'Ultimate Collection'-series disc.
119;5;If you're tired of the cut-and-dry, emotionless "soul" (read: rap) music from Mariah Carey & friends, give this one a spin!
119;6;And this advice holds for EVERY 60s Motown artist you love who has an 'Ultimate Collection'-series disc.
119;7;And this advice holds for EVERY 60s Motown artist you love who has an 'Ultimate Collection'-series disc.
119;8;"You Can't Hurry Love" is very sweet even though the lyrics aren't really the happiest
119;9;"Love . . . Itching" is still one of the best songs for getting inventive dance moves working.
119;10;And this advice holds for EVERY 60s Motown artist you love who has an 'Ultimate Collection'-series disc.
118;1;If you like emotions, feelings, and life in your music, this is the one.
118;2;There's not a bad song on here, and the FLOOD GATES pieces, a total of ten minutes, is staggeringly powerful.
118;3;He and Neal do some great vocal harmonies(mainly on the first disc, but on the second as well), but on "Carie" and "Looking For Answers" he takes the lead, and he's very good.
118;4;Snow is flawless, a soul-lifting, compositional masterpiece.
118;5;I had to listen to this CD for weeks to grasp the music, as well as listen to and read the lyrics many times.
118;6;Eventually he wakes up and leaves home, going to New York City.
118;7;Snow is flawless, a soul-lifting, compositional masterpiece.
118;8;If you like emotions, feelings, and life in your music, this is the one.
118;9;Some reviewers have made fun of certain lyrics, but I love the uniquely zany lines that appear at times to add some levity to a serious story.
118;10;Some reviewers have made fun of certain lyrics, but I love the uniquely zany lines that appear at times to add some levity to a serious story.
117;1;I would recommend it to anyone wanting to hear some good Christian music.
117;2;Another Crowder and this one is Blue Grass Christian
117;3;I would recommend it to anyone wanting to hear some good Christian music.
117;4;Another Crowder and this one is Blue Grass Christian
117;5;Another Crowder and this one is Blue Grass Christian
117;6;Another Crowder and this one is Blue Grass Christian
117;7;He loves driving with it because it is one of the more upbeat Christian sounds and is truly a download from our Lord to the artist.
117;8;Another Crowder and this one is Blue Grass Christian
117;9;Another Crowder and this one is Blue Grass Christian
117;10;Loved the music and the message.
116;1;And since this album is centered on (for the most part) sadness of his personal life, we get to hear Manson sing alot more than on his previous releases...Now this is why I think "Eat Me, Drink Me" is such a good listen:.
116;2;The pain of the last days of love, the emotion is so very real and raw.
116;3;And since this album is centered on (for the most part) sadness of his personal life, we get to hear Manson sing alot more than on his previous releases...Now this is why I think "Eat Me, Drink Me" is such a good listen:.
116;4;And since this album is centered on (for the most part) sadness of his personal life, we get to hear Manson sing alot more than on his previous releases...Now this is why I think "Eat Me, Drink Me" is such a good listen:.
116;5;"Eat Me Drink Me" closes things proper in the way they were opened, a down keyed dirge to the realisation that things can end unhappily despite the early euphoria of being a moth in the flame...Manson is the last true rock star and deserves support for a terrific and genuine non-industry focused release.
116;6;And since this album is centered on (for the most part) sadness of his personal life, we get to hear Manson sing alot more than on his previous releases...Now this is why I think "Eat Me, Drink Me" is such a good listen:.
116;7;And since this album is centered on (for the most part) sadness of his personal life, we get to hear Manson sing alot more than on his previous releases...Now this is why I think "Eat Me, Drink Me" is such a good listen:.
116;8;The music on "Eat me, Drink Me" is is phenomenal and the lyrics are very twisted and dramatic...I would put this album right at the top of Manson's catalog along with "Beautiful People" as his two best.
116;9;I think this album is lots of fun.
116;10;There are actually quite a few guitar solos on this CD, and I love them.
115;1;Lovely Linda with so many good albums.
115;2;Full of the classics and great variety.
115;3;Lovely Linda with so many good albums.
115;4;Full of the classics and great variety.
115;5;After reading many reviews about the sound quality of these CD's, I can rest assure you that they sound great.
115;6;However, I would very much like to see these albums (and Silk Purse and Silver Threads) remastered, perhaps in SACD also for our home theater system...BTW, Linda's memoirs "Simple Dreams" published last year or so, was extremely fascinating and informative.
115;7;Full of the classics and great variety.
115;8;Full of the classics and great variety.
115;9;Full of the classics and great variety.
115;10;I own these albums separately too and I love what they did with them here.
114;1;A good mixture of songs that have meaning to them, are original, and even brings her own distinctive sound that when you hear the song you could know it is Christina Aguilera.
114;2;Definitely a song to listen to after a bad break-up..."Beautiful" is, well, beautiful.
114;3;A good mixture of songs that have meaning to them, are original, and even brings her own distinctive sound that when you hear the song you could know it is Christina Aguilera.
114;4;A good mixture of songs that have meaning to them, are original, and even brings her own distinctive sound that when you hear the song you could know it is Christina Aguilera.
114;5;A good mixture of songs that have meaning to them, are original, and even brings her own distinctive sound that when you hear the song you could know it is Christina Aguilera.
114;6;Would be a great cleaning the house CD, great energy!
114;7;Sounds great, great to listen while working out, driving!
114;8;Definitely a song to listen to after a bad break-up..."Beautiful" is, well, beautiful.
114;9;It's a fun electro-pop dance song that I could definitely hear playing at the club.
114;10;I love to listen to her at home or in the car and turn up the volume.
113;1;Great CD, great voice, I'm 50 plus and truly enjoyed this CD.
113;2;Such a beautiful singer with a great ear for melodies and harmonies.
113;3;Again, good songs, great singer.
113;4;Such a beautiful singer with a great ear for melodies and harmonies.
113;5;Such a beautiful singer with a great ear for melodies and harmonies.
113;6;Such a beautiful singer with a great ear for melodies and harmonies.
113;7;Such a beautiful singer with a great ear for melodies and harmonies.
113;8;Such a beautiful singer with a great ear for melodies and harmonies.
113;9;The MUSIC is soooo much FUN!
113;10;Bought it for  "One Call Away"
112;1;I have listened to the album more than half a dozen times since it was posted in the cloud, and I am overwhelmed by how good it is, how glorious are the harmonies, how fantastic the arrangements, and how astounding the song choice.
112;2;The music selection is perfect for them, but  "Somewhere over the rainbow" didn't fit with the rest of the selections.
112;3;This is an excellent group of young men singers, really good voices, excellent choice of songs.
112;4;The music selection is perfect for them, but  "Somewhere over the rainbow" didn't fit with the rest of the selections.
112;5;The music selection is perfect for them, but  "Somewhere over the rainbow" didn't fit with the rest of the selections.
112;6;"All of Me," "Come What May," "Stars" and "Bring Him Home" were superb.
112;7;The music selection is perfect for them, but  "Somewhere over the rainbow" didn't fit with the rest of the selections.
112;8;These young men not only harmonize beautifully, but they create their phrasing to be understood and make all the lyrics a work of art as well.
112;9;The music selection is perfect for them, but  "Somewhere over the rainbow" didn't fit with the rest of the selections.
112;10;I have loved it for years and they have taken it to a new level.
127;1;Its so good I gave it a grand total of five stars!
127;2;Pick this album up its worth it i promise
127;3;Its so good I gave it a grand total of five stars!
127;4;Pick this album up its worth it i promise
127;5;Pick this album up its worth it i promise
127;6;Pick this album up its worth it i promise
127;7;Pick this album up its worth it i promise
127;8;Hellalujah: Great song about fake money worshiping preachers, i love the beat and the lyrics are great as well.
127;9;During the album, you'll listen songs about the Juggalos and for them ("Down With The Clown", "What Is A Juggalo"), songs that'll make you laugh as you never did before ("The Neden Game", "House Of Horrors"), and some songs that'll make you think ("Pass Me By")... And some others songs that will just be fun to chill with your homies ("Hokus Pokus" and nearly every other song), you know what I'm saying?
127;10;Hellalujah: Great song about fake money worshiping preachers, i love the beat and the lyrics are great as well.
126;1;It is commercial but that's o.k. Good music should have hooks and melodies....Definatly a great collection.
126;2;The title track is sooo sweet.
126;3;It is commercial but that's o.k. Good music should have hooks and melodies....Definatly a great collection.
126;4;"Hatesong" has become a staple of the band's live shows always featuring a hearty instrumental workout.
126;5;Reading the lyrics as you listen will enhance your enjoyment of this masterpiece.
126;6;Next is "where we would be" which is beautiful and has some pretty clean guitar effects.
126;7;Part two has some parts of conversation from some cult about to have his followers have a mass suicide because they believe they must travel back to their own diamesion that is appart from earth.
126;8;Lightbulb Sun is one of the best examples to this statement: musical perfection combined with mind-blowing lyrics provided by Steven Wilson, and an incredible musicianship.
126;9;The title track is sooo sweet.
126;10;Well this CD rocks, I love the way the bass powers on in the song Russia on Ice.
125;1;So a compilation that goes from early days and sails through this era is good.
125;2;It's a great greatest hits CD!
125;3;So a compilation that goes from early days and sails through this era is good.
125;4;It's a great greatest hits CD!
125;5;Sure, there are songs that might have been nice to have here, but focusing on what's here, is good.
125;6;It's a great greatest hits CD!
125;7;It's a great greatest hits CD!
125;8;Morrison's voice is as distinctive as Sinatra's and conveys a great deal more emotion.
125;9;It's a great greatest hits CD!
125;10;, Brown Eyed Girl, Sweet Thing, Warm Love, Jackie Wilson Said, Full Force Gail, Here Comes The Night, Domino, and Whenever God Shines His Light.
124;1;This is one of the good ones... especially if your a fan or an Audiophile that enjoys a lil Pop music.
124;2;Famous Last Words: A beautiful, bittersweet ballad with Roland's lyrics and voice touching your heart as a possible farewell to Curt Smith considering Roland said that they should have called this album with this title and with lines like "hand in hand, we'll do and die listening to the band that made us cry" and "All our love and all our pain will be but a tune."
124;3;One doesn't have to listen hard to detect in early form the tasteful guitar driven britpop template most popularized by Coldplay...As good and occasionally great as "The Hurting" and "Songs from the Big Chair" are, this one eclipses them both, because it is timeless.
124;4;The spare, haunting instrumentation gives Orzabal's evocative tenor room to breathe, and breathe he does, with a resonance and range only hinted at on their first two records.
124;5;The spare, haunting instrumentation gives Orzabal's evocative tenor room to breathe, and breathe he does, with a resonance and range only hinted at on their first two records.
124;6;The spare, haunting instrumentation gives Orzabal's evocative tenor room to breathe, and breathe he does, with a resonance and range only hinted at on their first two records.
124;7;One doesn't have to listen hard to detect in early form the tasteful guitar driven britpop template most popularized by Coldplay...As good and occasionally great as "The Hurting" and "Songs from the Big Chair" are, this one eclipses them both, because it is timeless.
124;8;From its Beatlesque arrangements and intelligent lyrics to the soaring vocals of both Orzabal and Smith, this, along with "Everybody Wants to Rule the World" and "Shout", is among the best songs penned in the `80s.
124;9;The spare, haunting instrumentation gives Orzabal's evocative tenor room to breathe, and breathe he does, with a resonance and range only hinted at on their first two records.
124;10;I love their over production, attention to detail, overlayering of tracks, and the general feel of their music.
123;1;"Unholy"  is a good premonition of what the album is: hard driving, cynical, and pure  loud rock and roll.
123;2;Great tracks here like  "Unholy", "Take It Off", "Spit",  "Domino", "Tough Love", "Thou Shalt Not",  "I Just Wanna" and "Heart of Chrome."
123;3;"Unholy"  is a good premonition of what the album is: hard driving, cynical, and pure  loud rock and roll.
123;4;Great tracks here like  "Unholy", "Take It Off", "Spit",  "Domino", "Tough Love", "Thou Shalt Not",  "I Just Wanna" and "Heart of Chrome."
123;5;Great tracks here like  "Unholy", "Take It Off", "Spit",  "Domino", "Tough Love", "Thou Shalt Not",  "I Just Wanna" and "Heart of Chrome."
123;6;Kiss hits home with Revenge.
123;7;Great tracks here like  "Unholy", "Take It Off", "Spit",  "Domino", "Tough Love", "Thou Shalt Not",  "I Just Wanna" and "Heart of Chrome."
123;8;The high quality music of "Revenge" is supplied with absorbing lyrics.
123;9;Great tracks here like  "Unholy", "Take It Off", "Spit",  "Domino", "Tough Love", "Thou Shalt Not",  "I Just Wanna" and "Heart of Chrome."
123;10;Great tracks here like  "Unholy", "Take It Off", "Spit",  "Domino", "Tough Love", "Thou Shalt Not",  "I Just Wanna" and "Heart of Chrome."
122;1;I enjoy many different types of metal, and music in general, and "In the Nightside Eclipse" is about as good an album as I've heard anywhere.
122;2;The rhythmn work is excellent  and diverse, the drum work is powerful (too bad Faust had to go kill  someone) and is varied (unlike Anthems and IX equilibrium, where Trym tends  to maintain a more monotonous double-bass throughout the album).
122;3;I enjoy many different types of metal, and music in general, and "In the Nightside Eclipse" is about as good an album as I've heard anywhere.
122;4;The lyrics  in this album actually go to the music.
122;5;Also, I encourage everyone to read these lyrics.
122;6;Everything about this song, from Ihsahn's eerie clean vocals to the keyboards, everything is perfect.
122;7;The lyrics  in this album actually go to the music.
122;8;The lyrics  in this album actually go to the music.
122;9;The lyrics  in this album actually go to the music.
122;10;To my surprise, I loved it as soon as the intro to "Into the Infinity of Thoughts" graced my speakers.
121;1;Dont needlessly worry over whether to buy this or 'Sky Valley': both are superb and either is an equally good place to start.
121;2;Also Thong Song is great and I burst out laughing the first time I heard it: "I.....hate.....slow songs" brilliant.
121;3;Dont needlessly worry over whether to buy this or 'Sky Valley': both are superb and either is an equally good place to start.
121;4;Also Thong Song is great and I burst out laughing the first time I heard it: "I.....hate.....slow songs" brilliant.
121;5;Also Thong Song is great and I burst out laughing the first time I heard it: "I.....hate.....slow songs" brilliant.
121;6;Also Thong Song is great and I burst out laughing the first time I heard it: "I.....hate.....slow songs" brilliant.
121;7;50 Million Year Trip is my favorite Kyuss song of them all and easily one of my favorite songs ever, it really is a trip you need to take, from the ferocious beginnning to the awe-inspiring guitars at the end.
121;8;The consistency of the album continues with '50 Million year Trip' and 'Thong song', the former possesing wonderful lyrics and a beautiful instrumental conclusion, the latter appearing to be a highly humorous parody of the heavy metal sterotype.
121;9;plus a few songs that at first may seem like filler,& maybe they were,but you can tell they were having fun & this helped them to grow on me pretty quick.
121;10;I listened to it, loved it and I still do.
120;1;The sound quality on this version was very good.
120;2;It looks not bad, but will probably enjoy the soundtrack more.
120;3;The sound quality on this version was very good.
120;4;The sound quality on this version was very good.
120;5;The sound quality on this version was very good.
120;6;The sound quality on this version was very good.
120;7;The sound quality on this version was very good.
120;8;They had great lyrics, intricate harmonies, and melodies that worked their way into your heart...Highly recommended!
120;9;This is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to the best songs on this soundtrack are all of them.
120;10;Here, we have a brilliant assemblage of '60s tunes that will transport any Baby Boomer back to as close as one can get to the good old days...I particularly love this CD because they've revived some great songs that would have been otherwise forgotten for me.
137;1;All in good fun of course.
137;2;It's way better and way ahead of its time even today!
137;3;What I particularly liked was that they didn't change the songs so much that you lose what you loved about them in the first place... and, as Martha Stewart would say, "That's a good thing."
137;4;It's way better and way ahead of its time even today!
137;5;It's way better and way ahead of its time even today!
137;6;Being that this is not on Blu-Ray, it's not necessary to have the best flat screen around to enjoy this performance but having a home audio system with a soundbar and/or subwoofer and decent speakers will allow you to experience the music properly.
137;7;It's way better and way ahead of its time even today!
137;8;It's way better and way ahead of its time even today!
137;9;All in good fun of course.
137;10;It's so wonderful to hear Robert's softer, more melodic, sexier, romantic side while still showing all of his powerful vocal talent.
136;1;But this has some new songs which are good.
136;2;Love the new and the old songs.
136;3;But this has some new songs which are good.
136;4;Love the new and the old songs.
136;5;Love the new and the old songs.
136;6;I absolutely listen to it everyday in my car on my MP3 and at home.
136;7;I absolutely listen to it everyday in my car on my MP3 and at home.
136;8;The apocalyptic lyrics of the song are oddly paired with a toe tapping, upbeat sound, making for a memorable piece of adult contemporary radio music.
136;9;That said, the album is fun to listen to, and really got me back into MB20.
136;10;Love the new and the old songs.
139;1;They have fun and it is very evident that they enjoy what they are doing.
139;2;This is now my favorite Christmas music.
139;3;You may even want to buy several and give them as quality gifts to good friends and family...Art D.
139;4;This is now my favorite Christmas music.
139;5;This is now my favorite Christmas music.
139;6;Other reviewers have gone more in depth on their reviews about the songs played and the singing and have done a better overview than I can do...What I can say about this dvd is that it has become a classic in our home after two years.
139;7;This is now my favorite Christmas music.
139;8;This is now my favorite Christmas music.
139;9;A really fun ending to a really great concert!
139;10;I just love to watch them !!!!
138;1;Good cd, also prompt service.
138;2;It has all the hits and they are chronological so you can pick the period you like best.
138;3;Good cd, also prompt service.
138;4;It has all the hits and they are chronological so you can pick the period you like best.
138;5;It has all the hits and they are chronological so you can pick the period you like best.
138;6;The sound quality is great and the music is not compressed, so you get the full dynamics...My one complaint and reason for dropping one star how to do with the way the CD's are housed in the plastic case.
138;7;From his simple beginnings to the Traveling Wilburys, he is just a joy to listen to.
138;8;The lyrics are well written and my favorite track of his "only the lonely".
138;9;It has all the hits and they are chronological so you can pick the period you like best.
138;10;Both my husband and I love Roy's music and so this was an important part of Roy's music to have gotten the CD.
141;1;Really happy with this cd,I enjoy most of whitesnakes cds and have seen them in concert.
141;2;As for David's voice, he can growl, soar, serenade, wail, and belt it out fantastically.
141;3;Good job to the guys in the band.
141;4;As for David's voice, he can growl, soar, serenade, wail, and belt it out fantastically.
141;5;As for David's voice, he can growl, soar, serenade, wail, and belt it out fantastically.
141;6;As David says in the behind-the-scenes section, there is a clean, fresh sound here.
141;7;As for David's voice, he can growl, soar, serenade, wail, and belt it out fantastically.
141;8;As for David's voice, he can growl, soar, serenade, wail, and belt it out fantastically.
141;9;As for David's voice, he can growl, soar, serenade, wail, and belt it out fantastically.
141;10;When you click "5 stars" at the start of an Amazon review, the caption that appears is "I love it!"
140;1;This really is a easy listening CD, she is very talented, the commercial songs are great, the less known are just as good, a really feel good hits album, listening to it at the moment,winter sun coming through the window, on my couch, watching the world go by and just enjoying a Jewel.
140;2;This collection is great and doesn't disappoint.
140;3;This CD is surprisingly good.
140;4;This collection is great and doesn't disappoint.
140;5;A lot of Jewel's material is perfect for quiet listening with a focus on finding your own meanings in the lyrics.
140;6;This collection is great and doesn't disappoint.
140;7;This album is more for the car when you just want to sing along and have fun.
140;8;A lot of Jewel's material is perfect for quiet listening with a focus on finding your own meanings in the lyrics.
140;9;Now, the original recording is not dated in its sound nor is the new recording earth shattering different, but a fun new take is an enjoyable listen...Finally, the album rounds out with the track "Two Hearts Breaking," a new release from Jewel.
140;10;This cd has a new Jewel song, two of the songs done with duets with other people, versions of the songs that are found on the radio that I love and are not found on the original cds, and a great new Jupiter remix.
143;1;The Good Bits: "Thumb", "Green Machine", "Thong Song", "Freedom Run".
143;2;BLUES FOR RED SUN is one of the best HEAVY ROCK albuns ever!!!!!
143;3;The Good Bits: "Thumb", "Green Machine", "Thong Song", "Freedom Run".
143;4;BLUES FOR RED SUN is one of the best HEAVY ROCK albuns ever!!!!!
143;5;BLUES FOR RED SUN is one of the best HEAVY ROCK albuns ever!!!!!
143;6;BLUES FOR RED SUN is one of the best HEAVY ROCK albuns ever!!!!!
143;7;The consistency of the album continues with '50 Million year Trip' and 'Thong song', the former possesing wonderful lyrics and a beautiful instrumental conclusion, the latter appearing to be a highly humorous parody of the heavy metal sterotype.
143;8;The consistency of the album continues with '50 Million year Trip' and 'Thong song', the former possesing wonderful lyrics and a beautiful instrumental conclusion, the latter appearing to be a highly humorous parody of the heavy metal sterotype.
143;9;plus a few songs that at first may seem like filler,& maybe they were,but you can tell they were having fun & this helped them to grow on me pretty quick.
143;10;if you love your metal and rock n roll then this is for you.
142;1;I also enjoy Once Was Not but not really because it's Cryptopsy, but because it's good stuff.
142;2;Canada's elite Cryptopsy have always been one of my favorites, and it doesn't take long listening to their defining statement, None So Vile, to figure out why.
142;3;This bass is amazing and very audible which is a good change for metal...the drumming is amazingly fast and very good and the guitars and tight and brutal.
142;4;Canada's elite Cryptopsy have always been one of my favorites, and it doesn't take long listening to their defining statement, None So Vile, to figure out why.
142;5;Canada's elite Cryptopsy have always been one of my favorites, and it doesn't take long listening to their defining statement, None So Vile, to figure out why.
142;6;Months ago, I liked "Whisper Supremacy" the best, with Mike DeSalvo's more clean vocals, and the track "White Worms".
142;7;Canada's elite Cryptopsy have always been one of my favorites, and it doesn't take long listening to their defining statement, None So Vile, to figure out why.
142;8;Lord Worms blasphemously sick vocals spew out the best lyrics in the genre.
142;9;It just makes it more fun!
142;10;If you like death metal at all pick this CD up you will love it.
129;1;This is definitely a cd to enjoy during dinner with a date or if it's just you chillin while reading a book or deep in thought...Good job, Ruben!
129;2;He sounds great, and the song selection is fantastic.
129;3;It suits his singing style, and it sounds good.
129;4;He sounds great, and the song selection is fantastic.
129;5;This is definitely a cd to enjoy during dinner with a date or if it's just you chillin while reading a book or deep in thought...Good job, Ruben!
129;6;He sounds great, and the song selection is fantastic.
129;7;This a very nice CD and I have in my car.
129;8;The song brings on such emotions...love that song!
129;9;He sounds great, and the song selection is fantastic.
129;10;This is the Ruben we loved on American Idol.
128;1;It has a lot of rare stuff on it that you'll definitely enjoy if you like all of those other albums.
128;2;This is a nice compilation of songs, but I recommend the real albums for there are no bad songs by Bob Marley.
128;3;The sound quality is quite good, as are the sequencing and the liner notes...Bob Marley was an incredibly kind, loving, talented, nurturing and intelligent individual, and "Songs Of Freedom" is a testament to just how great this man truly was and how his message still rings true today: a message of peace, unity, love, tolerance, freedom and faith.
128;4;He is simply the greatest artist in reggae music's history, and this box set clearly demonstrates why.
128;5;He is simply the greatest artist in reggae music's history, and this box set clearly demonstrates why.
128;6;What this set does best is show how between 1962 and 1981, one man and one band, took a home grown rhythm added and experimented with other influences (R&B, Soul, Funk, Jazz, Blues), created various flavours of Reggae and then took it and musically conquered the world.
128;7;He is simply the greatest artist in reggae music's history, and this box set clearly demonstrates why.
128;8;This is a nice compilation of songs, but I recommend the real albums for there are no bad songs by Bob Marley.
128;9;You can dance to the beat, you can cry, you can laugh, you can sing along, but always you will listen and be touched.
128;10;Bob makes you feel loved and want to love.
131;1;Fun music, yet soothing and thoughtful, this is a fantastic  addition to any FZ or even a jazz fan's collection.
131;2;Duke's solos on the Fender Rhodes range among the very best jazz stuff I have ever heard (I own and Know thousands Jazz records).
131;3;Blessed relief is a calm, soft, delicate tune, unforgettable.
131;4;Duke's solos on the Fender Rhodes range among the very best jazz stuff I have ever heard (I own and Know thousands Jazz records).
131;5;Regardless, it's worth checking out - maybe even worth studying!
131;6;Duke's solos on the Fender Rhodes range among the very best jazz stuff I have ever heard (I own and Know thousands Jazz records).
131;7;Duke's solos on the Fender Rhodes range among the very best jazz stuff I have ever heard (I own and Know thousands Jazz records).
131;8;The one song with lyrics, "For Calvin" does have some distorted and exaggerated vocal stylings, but as is sometimes the case with Zappa, they work beautifully here.
131;9;Fun music, yet soothing and thoughtful, this is a fantastic  addition to any FZ or even a jazz fan's collection.
131;10;I love Zappa's instrumental music.
130;1;Low and Heroes are good, yes, and at first I was bummed that this album had none of the fantastic instrumentals, but I came to realize that the art rock and experimental material of those two albums were just more fused together in Lodger...Some of the music herein is along punk boundaries, but in the way that seems to say 'Call this what you like, it's still what it is regardless'.
130;2;That song and "Boys Keep Swinging", one of the more popular songs from the album, have almost identical chord sequences, but they're very different and distinctive, which is certainly helped by the fact that they're seven songs apart or so...Though "DJ" is a lowlight for me, nothing on the album actually strikes me as bad.
130;3;Nevertheless, the album is quite good.
130;4;"Fantastic  Voyage" is one of my favorite songs.
130;5;This completes the Berlin Trilogy, I've read where this is his least unknown of the three, but all you have to do is listen once and your hooked.......He was a genius and an original.
130;6;"Fantastic  Voyage" is one of my favorite songs.
130;7;The first half of the album has a vague "travel" theme to it.
130;8;It's by far the most "normal" song on the album, with some of Bowie's best vocals to date (VIBRATO), great lyrics, and a serious yet laid-back feel.
130;9;although rather listless at times, 'lodger,' is full of great, often fun songs.
130;10;It definitely has its own personal air, I love it and can't compare it to any other.
133;1;A slightly stripped down sound that sounds just fantastic, a ton of excellent piano playing and nicely written songs.
133;2;If you have loved the most unusual and creative works by Elton John, you have to get this one and give it time to sink into your brain...When a musical album covers a career that spans more than 40 years and that included incredible peaks and sad lows you wonder whether the lyrics will be bitter and full of regret or whether they will be honest and introspective.
133;3;Elton also sounds very good, though perhaps with a little less range.
133;4;Anyone who likes Elton's release's just a little is going to love this one.
133;5;I was hoping for a bit more of the obscure lyrics of the original, but Bernie's new lyrics are among the most inspired and clever since Blue Moves...Reading the large variety of reviews left here on Amazon, it's obvious that this album effects every single person differently.
133;6;I rate all my records at home from 1 to 10 stars, this gets a 10, enough said.
133;7;There's a lot of piano, and instead of sounding outdated, it drives along his thoughtful lyrics and strong melodies like it always did.
133;8;If you have loved the most unusual and creative works by Elton John, you have to get this one and give it time to sink into your brain...When a musical album covers a career that spans more than 40 years and that included incredible peaks and sad lows you wonder whether the lyrics will be bitter and full of regret or whether they will be honest and introspective.
133;9;As far as I'm concerned, the story of Elton and Bernie is one worth telling, I'm glad they shared this very personal story with us, the CD their story has produced is listenable and brilliant, and whether or not it can be danced to it is, in the end, of very little importance...Elton and Bernie, I appreciate your gift to me, and I thank you.
133;10;Anyone who likes Elton's release's just a little is going to love this one.
132;1;I am happy with my recent purchase of icon: alexander O'Neal cd, it contains many of his hits from the 80's and 90's, and anyone who is a fan of r and b music will enjoy this cd.
132;2;Love Alexander O'Neal, great CD
132;3;I'm a fan of good music
132;4;Love Alexander O'Neal, great CD
132;5;Love Alexander O'Neal, great CD
132;6;Love Alexander O'Neal, great CD
132;7;Love Alexander O'Neal, great CD
132;8;Love Alexander O'Neal, great CD
132;9;Love Alexander O'Neal, great CD
132;10;It is romantic easy listening that brings back those warm and fuzzy memories.
135;1;Straight to Hell is my favorite Hank III, I also enjoy all the other ones but this is the one I go to if I want to jam out to some good tunes.
135;2;And another of my favorites is things you do to me.
135;3;Straight to Hell is my favorite Hank III, I also enjoy all the other ones but this is the one I go to if I want to jam out to some good tunes.
135;4;And another of my favorites is things you do to me.
135;5;And another of my favorites is things you do to me.
135;6;If you have a good sound system at home and turn this up, you'd swear you had a train going right through your living room.
135;7;And another of my favorites is things you do to me.
135;8;He sounds like old country but the lyrics are fresh and new.
135;9;It's a definitive party record with asskickers like "Dick in Dixie", "Pills I took", and "Smoke and Wine" while "D Ray White", "Low Down", and "Country Heroes" keep you reminded that this is, in fact, a Williams singing and he's certainly not ashamed of where he came from.
135;10;Loved his Grandfather's songs both original recordings and the many fine covers by other artists.
134;1;Boston is a riveting live band and now they have some really good new songs to further enhance their concert performances !
134;2;If you love or even liked old Boston albums, go for this one.
134;3;Boston is a riveting live band and now they have some really good new songs to further enhance their concert performances !
134;4;It really has everything that makes Boston unique and here is a surprise - a wah-wah infused solo with probably Tom's most complex guitar workout yet.
134;5;If you love or even liked old Boston albums, go for this one.
134;6;I have been a fan of Boston from the first album (as many are) and have been waiting almost a decade (as Tom Scholz has wanted to "perfect" this offering)...Some great cuts with the now deceased Brad Delp (we'll miss you Brad) singing, one new - "Sail Away," about the government's response to Hurricane Katrina, and two re-releases that have been "cleaned up" by Tom.
134;7;I found that it's a great "road" album - stuff I love to listen to while I'm out driving.
134;8;If you love or even liked old Boston albums, go for this one.
134;9;If you love or even liked old Boston albums, go for this one.
134;10;If you love or even liked old Boston albums, go for this one.
152;1;It's really good, and the melodic aspects floor me quite a bit.
152;2;It's really good, and the melodic aspects floor me quite a bit.
152;3;It's really good, and the melodic aspects floor me quite a bit.
152;4;It's really good, and the melodic aspects floor me quite a bit.
152;5;It's really good, and the melodic aspects floor me quite a bit.
152;6;It's really good, and the melodic aspects floor me quite a bit.
152;7;But the song, effects, and mood equate to a fantastic trip into electronic bliss.
152;8;The whole album is good, but the jewel in the crown is certainly the 22 minute opus taking you on an aural tour of the famous German highways...All the lyrics in the song amount to:.
152;9;It's really good, and the melodic aspects floor me quite a bit.
152;10;I was hooked...A couple years later I was living and working in Northeastern Scotland and a new album, Radio Activity, from Kraftwerk came out.
153;1;That beautiful falsetto and those chiseled good looks were also the beginning of a love affair with ladies all over the world.
153;2;That beautiful falsetto and those chiseled good looks were also the beginning of a love affair with ladies all over the world.
153;3;That beautiful falsetto and those chiseled good looks were also the beginning of a love affair with ladies all over the world.
153;4;That beautiful falsetto and those chiseled good looks were also the beginning of a love affair with ladies all over the world.
153;5;That beautiful falsetto and those chiseled good looks were also the beginning of a love affair with ladies all over the world.
153;6;That beautiful falsetto and those chiseled good looks were also the beginning of a love affair with ladies all over the world.
153;7;That beautiful falsetto and those chiseled good looks were also the beginning of a love affair with ladies all over the world.
153;8;This album showed him looking ahead with idealized lyrics and detailed production to the future.
153;9;That beautiful falsetto and those chiseled good looks were also the beginning of a love affair with ladies all over the world.
153;10;That beautiful falsetto and those chiseled good looks were also the beginning of a love affair with ladies all over the world.
154;1;This is a good C.D. from possibly one of the greatest metal bands of all time.
154;2;It has just a few weak songs (Perversions of Pain: that chorus just pisses me off) But there are also lots of great songs on this album.
154;3;This is a good C.D. from possibly one of the greatest metal bands of all time.
154;4;Bostaph is totally on and Rick Rubin did a phenomenal job with the production.
154;5;Bostaph is totally on and Rick Rubin did a phenomenal job with the production.
154;6;Bostaph is totally on and Rick Rubin did a phenomenal job with the production.
154;7;Bostaph is totally on and Rick Rubin did a phenomenal job with the production.
154;8;They can also write fast, shredding songs with lyrics about murder and satan.
154;9;Bostaph is totally on and Rick Rubin did a phenomenal job with the production.
154;10;I love the old Slayer as well, but you can't get much better than this.
155;1;i am very happy to have Faith Evans debut album in my collection if you a fan of hers this is a must have go buy it now :}
155;2;Bad Boy Records blessed us with many talented acts over the years and their First Lady was no exception.
155;3;Smooth Tyrone Davis sample...You Don't Understand - 10/10 *really smooth, relaxing song
155;4;i am very happy to have Faith Evans debut album in my collection if you a fan of hers this is a must have go buy it now :}
155;5;Reading the book made me love the songs even more because I knew what faith was going through when she was writing them recording them.
155;6;I hear this get played on XM occasionally...Soon As I Get Home - 10/10 *this is the one that first made me want to buy the album
155;7;Just wanted to take a trip down memory lane w/y'all and share the respect.
155;8;The lyrics are deep and Faith delivers them with so much heart and emotion.
155;9;i am very happy to have Faith Evans debut album in my collection if you a fan of hers this is a must have go buy it now :}
155;10;I love most of the songs except a couple of them.
156;1;This is Joss Stone's second album and I'm happy to say every song is good.
156;2;The first five or six songs are the best on the album but all of them are good.
156;3;The first five or six songs are the best on the album but all of them are good.
156;4;The first five or six songs are the best on the album but all of them are good.
156;5;The first five or six songs are the best on the album but all of them are good.
156;6;Word to the wise and the bluesy backup singers drive it home.
156;7;Word to the wise and the bluesy backup singers drive it home.
156;8;It is such a refreshing change in the 21st century to hear music that is simply good and heartfelt, with no stunts...The songs that most people will like quickly are 'Right to be Wrong' (fabulous musicianship and lyrics), 'Spoiled' (richly sentimental and lush), and 'Jet Lag' (fun).
156;9;It is such a refreshing change in the 21st century to hear music that is simply good and heartfelt, with no stunts...The songs that most people will like quickly are 'Right to be Wrong' (fabulous musicianship and lyrics), 'Spoiled' (richly sentimental and lush), and 'Jet Lag' (fun).
156;10;I first heard Joss Stone on the radio with "Spoiled" and loved it.
157;1;While Day & Age is said by the band, to be rooted in fun, many of the songs are just full of sincere emotion.
157;2;I dunno, something about the sad lyrics combined with the happy, sort of encouraging music just works for me.
157;3;I am not religious at all, but I do really like him taking the courage to write about what he believes in and keeping the entire album so streamlined in theme...Losing Touch: He is basically saying he might be alienating a lot of people with his change in style, but that he thinks it is OK because he is at peace with himself.
157;4;They are always on top of their game and sound amazing.
157;5;If you know The Killers, you know that they've always been inventive, energetic, and focused.
157;6;They are always on top of their game and sound amazing.
157;7;Their sound certainly has not changed since they first came on scene, and to me, that's a good thing...Almost every track on here is great, with the exception of 'Goodnight, travel well.'
157;8;I dunno, something about the sad lyrics combined with the happy, sort of encouraging music just works for me.
157;9;"Joy Ride" is one of the more fun songs on the album and has a funk feel to it.
157;10;I brought the cd and preview it, in short I love it.
158;1;While there's lots of Christmas CD's I enjoy with singing, I like to have a few without.
158;2;If she can make me actually LIKE "Little Drummer Boy," that's really saying something!
158;3;It's hard to choose a favorite...they are all that good!
158;4;If she can make me actually LIKE "Little Drummer Boy," that's really saying something!
158;5;If she can make me actually LIKE "Little Drummer Boy," that's really saying something!
158;6;It's nice to have piano or instrumental music playing in the house...a change from the usual Christmas carols, which I love also.
158;7;If she can make me actually LIKE "Little Drummer Boy," that's really saying something!
158;8;Beegie applies her tasty, and tasteful, touch to Christmas songs, and one standard with cold-weather lyrics -- it fits nicely.
158;9;Great for Christmas parties, background music in stores and just about any other Holiday occasion.
158;10;Hers is high-class, technically pure romantic jazz.
159;1;The Cross of Changes has become the first album from Enigma that I've completely enjoyed listening to straight through.
159;2;It's New Age music at its finest.
159;3;Like the debut, a good album to relax to.
159;4;It's New Age music at its finest.
159;5;It's New Age music at its finest.
159;6;I like keeping a peaceful tone and energy in my home and this album fits right in.
159;7;It is always in the car with me.
159;8;The interesting music and the interesting lyrics and sounds.
159;9;It's New Age music at its finest.
159;10;Cretu's mixing of Native American hymns, monk tunes, along with other worldwide chants made this music very unique...Like others here, this release contained my favorite songs from Enigma the guitar laden "I love you, I'll kill you" and "The Eyes of Truth".
144;1;I'll just say off the bat I don't consider myself a hardcore kid at all, but I do enjoy a fair amount of the good music from the genre.
144;2;Every blue moon some band or artist will release an album so magnificent and devestating that it simply cannot be refused.
144;3;I'll just say off the bat I don't consider myself a hardcore kid at all, but I do enjoy a fair amount of the good music from the genre.
144;4;Coupled with Nate's untouchable bass playing, Converge has one of the best rhythm section's you're likely to hear.
144;5;Experimentation with texture and mood unravels itself throughout the 12 tracks, yet maintains some cohesive element of undefined focus.
144;6;By the time "Thaw" arrives, the emotions are overloaded in terms of heaviness and intensity, yet Converge continue to drive it home with chaotic insanity...The final breaking point arrives.
144;7;By the time "Thaw" arrives, the emotions are overloaded in terms of heaviness and intensity, yet Converge continue to drive it home with chaotic insanity...The final breaking point arrives.
144;8;By the time "Thaw" arrives, the emotions are overloaded in terms of heaviness and intensity, yet Converge continue to drive it home with chaotic insanity...The final breaking point arrives.
144;9;Coupled with Nate's untouchable bass playing, Converge has one of the best rhythm section's you're likely to hear.
144;10;Coupled with Nate's untouchable bass playing, Converge has one of the best rhythm section's you're likely to hear.
145;1;love this record good quality
145;2;Beegie applies her tasty, and tasteful, touch to Christmas songs, and one standard with cold-weather lyrics -- it fits nicely.
145;3;love this record good quality
145;4;Beegie applies her tasty, and tasteful, touch to Christmas songs, and one standard with cold-weather lyrics -- it fits nicely.
145;5;Beegie applies her tasty, and tasteful, touch to Christmas songs, and one standard with cold-weather lyrics -- it fits nicely.
145;6;It's nice to have piano or instrumental music playing in the house...a change from the usual Christmas carols, which I love also.
145;7;Beegie applies her tasty, and tasteful, touch to Christmas songs, and one standard with cold-weather lyrics -- it fits nicely.
145;8;Beegie applies her tasty, and tasteful, touch to Christmas songs, and one standard with cold-weather lyrics -- it fits nicely.
145;9;Fun, easygoing, lovely jazz for the season.
145;10;love this record good quality
146;1;Crime in the City and Ordinary People both carry a heavy punch here, as the band really goes much deeper into these songs than in the studio versions...If you are a fan of Neil Young and have been enjoying these Performance Series releases then you will want to add this one to your collection.
146;2;very well recorded concert of Neil Young during his blues music period with the blue notes.
146;3;A good selection of songs.
146;4;But everything from "Everybody's Rocklin'", to "Trans", to "This Note's for you" are just as much worth falling in love with...And now comes this new (from a long time ago and far far away) live album that's just amazing.
146;5;The second disc focuses on lesser known tracks like the excellent "Ordinary People", which is 13 minutes but never feels like it due to the band's interplay and Neil's poignant lyrics as well as the hard R&B of "Doghouse", and the strong "Fool For Your Love" and "Crime of the Heart".
146;6;I did need to clean them first as they were very dusty, but I always clean my new vinyl before that first play...The music here is just outstanding, with the band playing with conviction and fire.
146;7;But everything from "Everybody's Rocklin'", to "Trans", to "This Note's for you" are just as much worth falling in love with...And now comes this new (from a long time ago and far far away) live album that's just amazing.
146;8;There is no horn section on "Crime in the City" but it's more raw and riveting than the studio version on Neil's next studio album, Freedom, and there are a lot more lyrics.
146;9;Great songs and it's fun to hear him with this band.
146;10;But everything from "Everybody's Rocklin'", to "Trans", to "This Note's for you" are just as much worth falling in love with...And now comes this new (from a long time ago and far far away) live album that's just amazing.
147;1;My recommendation is that if you enjoyed Twisted Transistor, you will probably enjoy this cd because the feel of that song continues through the rest of the cd.
147;2;Part of the reason I love KoRn is their tone, the timbre of the music and these songs are the best for me.
147;3;Tearjerker -- well, um... good if you're looking for a song to drift you to sleep, i suppose.
147;4;Part of the reason I love KoRn is their tone, the timbre of the music and these songs are the best for me.
147;5;Reading between the lines, this is the kind of record that grows on you.
147;6;"Tearjerker" is almost startling in its tunefulness
147;7;This album is definitely a departure from everything Korn has done in the past, which is understandable since Korn lost a significant 20% of its band last February...While not nearly as raw and "crunching" as their last studio effort, "Take A Look in the Mirror," or their first two albums, "Korn" and "Life is Peachy," "SYOTOS" is both bludgeoning and thoughtfully driven in a manner that only Korn can do.
147;8;Great lyrics (altho' fairly depressing - seems like they all had terrible childhoods and lots of people who pissed them off) set to powerful, hypnotic music that energizes you.
147;9;With this album, Korn takes themselves much more seriously as musicians- the "real singin" on tear jerker- but they still retain their fun loving sense of humor and "just-don't-give-a-f*ck" attitude.
147;10;Part of the reason I love KoRn is their tone, the timbre of the music and these songs are the best for me.
148;1;These were the albums that meant (and still mean) an awful lot to me  not just because musically, stylistically or poetically they were brilliant, but because of the way they seemed to chart the period in my life when things were the most turbulent, and often the most fun  namely my 20s.
148;2;My favorite The National record!
148;3;besides the quck shipping and good price this album is a real winner!
148;4;My favorite The National record!
148;5;My favorite The National record!
148;6;i played it, and liked it okay--enough to leave it in rotation on the home cd player.
148;7;Driving in a car or listening to it on your Ipod gives you a feeling of haunted bliss.
148;8;From track 1 the national enfolds the listener in music which is brilliant,lyrics which are intelligent descriptions of love,despair and similar human emotions.
148;9;These were the albums that meant (and still mean) an awful lot to me  not just because musically, stylistically or poetically they were brilliant, but because of the way they seemed to chart the period in my life when things were the most turbulent, and often the most fun  namely my 20s.
148;10;When he sings lines like I live in a town that sorrow built, The storm will suck the pretty girls into the sky or All the very best of us string ourselves up for love (which invariably makes me want to spontaneously burst into tears) its clear The National are in a very different place.
149;1;She wanted to create an album which gave you a good feeling, like when you listened to Stevie Wonder's Songs From The Key Of Life.
149;2;Your Child, a standout on the album, deals with the father of a child from another relationship who denies his right as the father, and the pain it causes.
149;3;She wanted to create an album which gave you a good feeling, like when you listened to Stevie Wonder's Songs From The Key Of Life.
149;4;I love the fact that she has some drum and bass elements, ("...Valentine's Day will never be the same...")and that she put "house" music on here as well, ("Let No Man Put Asunder").
149;5;Her search for serenity and self love was the focus on Share My World and the discovery makes up this album.
149;6;I love the fact that she has some drum and bass elements, ("...Valentine's Day will never be the same...")and that she put "house" music on here as well, ("Let No Man Put Asunder").
149;7;I bought this cd after hearing a few songs in my sister's car.
149;8;"The Love I Never Had" is an excellent soul song, very sad but the lyrics are great.
149;9;Her last album track "Let No Man Put Asunder", a dance track, proves that she'll be around for much longer.
149;10;I love the fact that she has some drum and bass elements, ("...Valentine's Day will never be the same...")and that she put "house" music on here as well, ("Let No Man Put Asunder").
150;1;They are really good songs and catchy as hell!
150;2;The quality of the sound is quite good
150;3;The quality of the sound is quite good
150;4;His transition from teen pop to adult contemporary/R&B/mainstream pop/rock guarantees it.
150;5;His transition from teen pop to adult contemporary/R&B/mainstream pop/rock guarantees it.
150;6;A mature Bieber, a very well done CD, from the R&B Feel to the pop and house.
150;7;A young peoples jam, kids and teen just love to sing his songs it's pretty amazing listening to 5 and 6 years old singing while being driven around.
150;8;The quality of the sound is quite good
150;9;Like Jackson, Bieber blends pop, R&B, and dance, and can achieve equally with upbeat songs and ballads.
150;10;I also love his hit single, Boyfriend!
151;1;love his voice n songs are good
151;2;It's very diverse musically and well written lyrically too.
151;3;love his voice n songs are good
151;4;It's very diverse musically and well written lyrically too.
151;5;It's very diverse musically and well written lyrically too.
151;6;He hit a home run with his second album, "Till the Sun Turns Black," a magnificent collections of songs.
151;7;It's very diverse musically and well written lyrically too.
151;8;Intelligent, insightful lyrics, mesmerizing melodies, and just the right amount of rasp to his voice to really show off the emotion.
151;9;And you just gotta love the fun of Meg White and the foot stompin', hand clappin', Henry Nearly Killed Me, and even the twangy, goodtime, Hey Me, Hey Mama.
151;10;I have learned to love his first two albums equally as they are a part of a growing process of a true artist, and after giving this album a couple listens I already know that I will love this one just as much as the first two.
171;1;The casual Elvis Fan would still enjoy it also.
171;2;I remember how impressive he looked in his blue outfit with cape.
171;3;This is a very good album from start to finish.
171;4;If yuor an Elvis fan or not, this CD set will make you realize his amazing talent.
171;5;If yuor an Elvis fan or not, this CD set will make you realize his amazing talent.
171;6;If yuor an Elvis fan or not, this CD set will make you realize his amazing talent.
171;7;If yuor an Elvis fan or not, this CD set will make you realize his amazing talent.
171;8;If yuor an Elvis fan or not, this CD set will make you realize his amazing talent.
171;9;If yuor an Elvis fan or not, this CD set will make you realize his amazing talent.
171;10;I love anything Elvis, including this new album.
170;1;"Hey Baby"...this is a pretty good song, that I've always enjoyed...4.
170;2;Awesome heavy Teddy music, before he got so political!
170;3;there was so many good songs on this.
170;4;Awesome heavy Teddy music, before he got so political!
170;5;Obviously, as you are reading this you can tell I'm no journalist but this is 8:24 of a great song...Although this is, most definitely, an in your face hard rock work, there are a wide variety of tunes and tempos..."Hey Baby" has an electric, Chicago blues, familiar groove.
170;6;Every song on this disc rocks your house to the ground.
170;7;Play it in your car and it will make you feel like a teen again...I always loved "Snakeskin cowboys" a rocker that is very catchy and fast paced..."Hey Baby" is a cover of  a classic blues tune and this faster paced version works well..."Just what the Doctor Ordered" is the last great song off the album...The other songs are also good.
170;8;Awesome heavy Teddy music, before he got so political!
170;9;I remember making this album popular in my area playing it at parties back in the day, starting the day the album was released.
170;10;Play it in your car and it will make you feel like a teen again...I always loved "Snakeskin cowboys" a rocker that is very catchy and fast paced..."Hey Baby" is a cover of  a classic blues tune and this faster paced version works well..."Just what the Doctor Ordered" is the last great song off the album...The other songs are also good.
169;1;Fashion Nugget by Cake.Zomba/Volcano.Explicit: Yes ("Nugget" is pretty much is the only offender, but it's a pretty good one).
169;2;Typically known as the best Cake album ever, and I don't disagree.
169;3;Fashion Nugget by Cake.Zomba/Volcano.Explicit: Yes ("Nugget" is pretty much is the only offender, but it's a pretty good one).
169;4;Typically known as the best Cake album ever, and I don't disagree.
169;5;Typically known as the best Cake album ever, and I don't disagree.
169;6;Typically known as the best Cake album ever, and I don't disagree.
169;7;The music travels through many categories very well.
169;8;The lyrics are great and the music is put together well.
169;9;I think these songs are clever compositions of fun poetry and excellent instrumentation.
169;10;Its a great album, great alternative rock, love the sophomore effort here.
168;1;Vey good value for money.
168;2;This arrangement is the concert arrangement, and Bernstein makes us feel like we are listening to a world premier with excitement and genius channeling Gershwin's creativity and imagination straight to your speakers or headphones.
168;3;Vey good value for money.
168;4;This arrangement is the concert arrangement, and Bernstein makes us feel like we are listening to a world premier with excitement and genius channeling Gershwin's creativity and imagination straight to your speakers or headphones.
168;5;This arrangement is the concert arrangement, and Bernstein makes us feel like we are listening to a world premier with excitement and genius channeling Gershwin's creativity and imagination straight to your speakers or headphones.
168;6;It got plenty of play in the car and on our home stereo.
168;7;A brilliant rendition of Gershwin's two most famous classical works
168;8;It has a lyric intensity and beauty a romantic fire that no other piece of American music I know, can hope to reasonably compare with.
168;9;As the piece goes on, the ways in which the two basic modes -- call them interior and exterior -- begin to combine are very engaging, and one can't help feeling that this is much more fun than, say, a tone-poem of comparable length by Richard Strauss...With Bernstein at the piano, and the CBS "house" orchestra -- better known for its Mahler and Beethoven with Bruno Walter in these days -- we have a lovely account of the Rhapsody.
168;10;It has a lyric intensity and beauty a romantic fire that no other piece of American music I know, can hope to reasonably compare with.
175;1;very happy with it and quality was very good
175;2;The Band sound laid-back on "Between The Eyes" which isn't bad at all.
175;3;The rest are pretty good, as well.
175;4;I enjoy listening to this Album.
175;5;I enjoy listening to this Album.
175;6;I enjoy listening to this Album.
175;7;I enjoy listening to this Album.
175;8;The high pitched intro riff, and lyrics such as.
175;9;I enjoy listening to this Album.
175;10;Will make you love Ratt even more after buying this, Closer to my Heart and You Should Know by Now are overlooked tracks, but are some of the greatest
174;1;As  good as any 1967 album, and I've heard to prominent ones.
174;2;SAD MEMORY is a song that will melt a person, with its super-slow delivery and heartfelt lyrics.
174;3;As  good as any 1967 album, and I've heard to prominent ones.
174;4;"bluebird" is one of the strongest melodies here, with great electric & acoustic guitar workouts and some banjo picking that takes the song on out.
174;5;The remastering is excellent with an added plus of HDCD if your player can read it.
174;6;A terrific band with great music.
174;7;I was into the San Fransisco sound at that time, and thought that this must be what an acid trip looks like.
174;8;SAD MEMORY is a song that will melt a person, with its super-slow delivery and heartfelt lyrics.
174;9;Stills' skill at lead guitar was improving rapidly, and his growing friendship with David Crosby resulted in his first-ever use of non-standard tunings on this album...The stylistic variation on this record is breathtaking.
174;10;Love this album from a group that influenced so many others.
173;1;These are all very good and like her other cd ALL up lifting make you happy feeling.
173;2;I just bought it because of one song and ended up liking the whole album....Its really nice to just sit back and listen to
173;3;These tunes reflect on a simpler relaxed way of life.
173;4;I just bought it because of one song and ended up liking the whole album....Its really nice to just sit back and listen to
173;5;I just bought it because of one song and ended up liking the whole album....Its really nice to just sit back and listen to
173;6;I just bought it because of one song and ended up liking the whole album....Its really nice to just sit back and listen to
173;7;I just bought it because of one song and ended up liking the whole album....Its really nice to just sit back and listen to
173;8;I just bought it because of one song and ended up liking the whole album....Its really nice to just sit back and listen to
173;9;This album is so good while it has deep, meaningful songs to awesome songs to sing and dance to.
173;10;I loved the fact that when I bought the CD that I got a digital download too.
172;1;they literally put on a good show with this album and DVD.
172;2;Every song on here is just awesome and memorable, seriously, there's not even one bad song on here.
172;3;they literally put on a good show with this album and DVD.
172;4;The title track is brutal and has a short but outstanding guitar solo by Children of Bodom guitarist Roope Latvala.
172;5;That's rare in music that a band can write a song that offers hope & comfort...I have also found that when I'm reading Nordic literature about the history of the Vikings, their Gods or even the Runes, this is appropriate music to play in the background.
172;6;Amon Amarth have grown, and one hopes they continue to expand their sound, with more lead guitar work, and maybe some clean vocal lines here and there just to spice it up.
172;7;The title track is brutal and has a short but outstanding guitar solo by Children of Bodom guitarist Roope Latvala.
172;8;I give this album five out of five stars for the lyrics being intelligible, the songs melodic, the guitar work for being superb and the rhythm section being vibrant and thumping.
172;9;Plus it helps that the guy looks like and sings about Vikings, so you can picture a war party on the march.
172;10;It perfectly combined my love of all things metal and my love of all things viking.
163;1;I recommend this sick disk to anyone who loves In Flames, this style of music, metal, or just good music.
163;2;Also I enjoyed every song on here except for the live version of Behind Space which sounded pretty bad.
163;3;The title track is good for the first minute, while acoustic guitars provide a calm as a raging thrash riff builds in the background.
163;4;I already owned their newest releases, and I loved those.
163;5;Anders delivers them through a raging growl of a voice, but he does it with such emotion that you can't help but feel moved (if you can understand what he's saying, that is-I always read along with the lyrics in the booklet).
163;6;Graveland: song that gives an excellent example of what the "clean" style vocals used on this album sound like, which is cool.
163;7;I already owned their newest releases, and I loved those.
163;8;Anders delivers them through a raging growl of a voice, but he does it with such emotion that you can't help but feel moved (if you can understand what he's saying, that is-I always read along with the lyrics in the booklet).
163;9;I already owned their newest releases, and I loved those.
163;10;I already owned their newest releases, and I loved those.
162;1;And last track Cholly is the most ordinary funk track on this album but it's extremely good ordinary funk track.
162;2;Producing is great throughout the album but especially on title cut.
162;3;And last track Cholly is the most ordinary funk track on this album but it's extremely good ordinary funk track.
162;4;Producing is great throughout the album but especially on title cut.
162;5;thanks for reading my review!!
162;6;Producing is great throughout the album but especially on title cut.
162;7;Producing is great throughout the album but especially on title cut.
162;8;The lyrics are pure, the melodies are solid, and the beats are simply funky.
162;9;The vocals are so smooth, enough to make you slide across the dance floor.
162;10;if i could i'd love you more than powder or something.
161;1;I love music.I love life.I really enjoy my life.I really do.I really feel like I'm lucky.
161;2;i love minnie's voice, and her music sad she is not here anymore, perfect angel love it, memore lane, love it, my favorite minnie song of all time is inside my love til i die ooh wee.
161;3;23 years later, she still sounds good.
161;4;It is extremely rare when a song envelops you, takes you over, becomes part of your being, and in this case puts you in a super nice heavenly place.
161;5;It is extremely rare when a song envelops you, takes you over, becomes part of your being, and in this case puts you in a super nice heavenly place.
161;6;It is extremely rare when a song envelops you, takes you over, becomes part of your being, and in this case puts you in a super nice heavenly place.
161;7;It is extremely rare when a song envelops you, takes you over, becomes part of your being, and in this case puts you in a super nice heavenly place.
161;8;i love minnie's voice, and her music sad she is not here anymore, perfect angel love it, memore lane, love it, my favorite minnie song of all time is inside my love til i die ooh wee.
161;9;Minnie Riperton was the "Perfect Angel" of sweet soul music
161;10;The best songs of the group, in this writer's opinion are, "Perfect Angel, Memory Lane, Woman Of Heart and Mind, Lovin' You, Young Willing and Able, Can You Feel What I'm Saying, Stay In Love, Inside My Love, Here We Go, You Take My Breath Away, Adventures In Paradise, and Simple Things."
160;1;From his beginnings as an outstanding bluegrass guitarist (and singer) with Ricky Skaggs to his move into the traditional country sound of the 80's, Keith's voice was simply fantastic.
160;2;Keith Whitley had an unmistakable inflection in his voice that could make you feel the pain he had lived in his own life.
160;3;From his beginnings as an outstanding bluegrass guitarist (and singer) with Ricky Skaggs to his move into the traditional country sound of the 80's, Keith's voice was simply fantastic.
160;4;From his beginnings as an outstanding bluegrass guitarist (and singer) with Ricky Skaggs to his move into the traditional country sound of the 80's, Keith's voice was simply fantastic.
160;5;From his beginnings as an outstanding bluegrass guitarist (and singer) with Ricky Skaggs to his move into the traditional country sound of the 80's, Keith's voice was simply fantastic.
160;6;The last track is a home recorded demo of a song to Lorrie (Keith's wife) that is sure to touch your heart.
160;7;I decided to take a trip back in time so I ordered several CD's .
160;8;From his beginnings as an outstanding bluegrass guitarist (and singer) with Ricky Skaggs to his move into the traditional country sound of the 80's, Keith's voice was simply fantastic.
160;9;From his beginnings as an outstanding bluegrass guitarist (and singer) with Ricky Skaggs to his move into the traditional country sound of the 80's, Keith's voice was simply fantastic.
160;10;I'm a big Keith Whitley fan and I love this CD.
167;1;This is a tight cd from Ice cube with his Greatest hits(hence da name) I prefer his old music but his new is good like "You Can Do It" and "Bow Down" with Westside Connection "Hello" as Dre and ren, "In the Late Night Hour" has some tight production by the Neptunes.
167;2;If you like this record, i'de also recommend Westside Connection's "Bow Down".
167;3;This is a tight cd from Ice cube with his Greatest hits(hence da name) I prefer his old music but his new is good like "You Can Do It" and "Bow Down" with Westside Connection "Hello" as Dre and ren, "In the Late Night Hour" has some tight production by the Neptunes.
167;4;If you like this record, i'de also recommend Westside Connection's "Bow Down".
167;5;If you like this record, i'de also recommend Westside Connection's "Bow Down".
167;6;If you like this record, i'de also recommend Westside Connection's "Bow Down".
167;7;If you like this record, i'de also recommend Westside Connection's "Bow Down".
167;8;If you like this record, i'de also recommend Westside Connection's "Bow Down".
167;9;If you like this record, i'de also recommend Westside Connection's "Bow Down".
167;10;Love all of his music.
166;1;The rest of this cd is icing on the cake...Definitely not everyone, not even a lot of hardcore Joni Mitchell fans - I wouldn't put myself in that camp - this collection of jazz standards and one remarkable remake of one of her early classics is one fantastic package.
166;2;While Mitchell does memorable and laudable renditions of  others' standards, perhaps the most poignant and affecting cut on the album  is her own revisitation of "Both Sides Now," a sweeping, sad,  sweet summation of her experiences and losses.
166;3;There is a tint of sadness in this, but it's kept to a minimum and counteracted by the 'change is good' attitude.
166;4;The orchestra is incredibly lush, sometimes a bit jarring and takes a bit of getting used to.
166;5;That alone would be plenty but I've also got Joni Mitchell - arguably one of the most influential vocalists of a generation - singing some of my favourite jazz standards...I knew I was going to love this even before I heard a single note...Although I've heard and read quite a lot about her over the years, interestingly, this is my first Joni Mitchell album.
166;6;The arrangements, utilizing full orchestra in many cases, are consistently interesting and Joni sounds mostly at home in this element.
166;7;The orchestra is incredibly lush, sometimes a bit jarring and takes a bit of getting used to.
166;8;The idea behind the album is great: to show the full circle of a relationship, from the moment of falling in love to separation, closing it with the song "Both Sides Now" of which the lyrics now really get their full meaning across.
166;9;The orchestra is incredibly lush, sometimes a bit jarring and takes a bit of getting used to.
166;10;Joni Mitchell presents an honest  depiction of the cycle of love, and the soul of a hopeless romantic.
165;1;My favorite songs are "Foolish" (yes, it's overplayed but I still really enjoy it even though there are others since so many people have become sick of this song...), "Happy", "Leaving (Always on Time, Part II), "Scared", "Rescue", "Baby", "Movies", and "Over".
165;2;Even though some have a negative opinion about her music, I admire who she is and her music.
165;3;Good production, vocals, lyrics, background msuci and just about everything make this #1 single on of the best songs-10/10.Happy-This is the second single.
165;4;Even though some have a negative opinion about her music, I admire who she is and her music.
165;5;Even though some have a negative opinion about her music, I admire who she is and her music.
165;6;She is the type of girl you would take home to show mama.
165;7;Even though some have a negative opinion about her music, I admire who she is and her music.
165;8;"Dreams" is a very successful acoustic soul/funk groove with a wonderful lyric basically saying that dreams are real if one wants them to be and Ashanti's vocally impressive acapella closer "Thank You"...  Recorded with producer Irv Gotti on his Murder Inc. label following a failed and aborted stint on P.Diddy Combs's Bad Boy label this album does have many of the hallmarks of a hip-hop/soul record of its day.
165;9;It's a fun song to dance to and I think it's going to be her next single.
165;10;...  Ashanti talks about love and achieving your goals in life.
164;1;The great piano and Strings,and Jewels unigue vocals,is fantastic.
164;2;I think Jewel is an artist whos music gets better everytime and here she has made us happy sad and joyful this album is a must not only for fans but for anyonr for a sense of real music.
164;3;The singles Hands, Down So Long and Jupiter are very good and Hands still gives me a chill when I hear it (it could be a comfort song for those affected by the September 11th attacks).
164;4;Jewel is more polished on this CD than on her first and the songs jump out at you more.
164;5;Jewel is more polished on this CD than on her first and the songs jump out at you more.
164;6;"Fat Boy" really hit home,because I was one.
164;7;Jewel is more polished on this CD than on her first and the songs jump out at you more.
164;8;This CD showcases wonderful lyrics and a beautiful voice which results in a very soothing listen.
164;9;Jewel is more polished on this CD than on her first and the songs jump out at you more.
164;10;The meanings in all of these songs are true, and show  her deep feelings about life, love, and happiness.
186;1;Both are fantastic albums but whereas "Testify" enjoys more of a classical rock and serious rap feel and presents as a very mature, thoughtful effort "Satellite" is a churning, thundering, agressive rocker practically from beginning to end.
186;2;A lot of my friends are into P.O.D. and they definitely were recommending it to me a long time ago.
186;3;I think it is a real good album and is a must-have.
186;4;A lot of my friends are into P.O.D. and they definitely were recommending it to me a long time ago.
186;5;This song could have easily fit on the "Testify" CD and is one of the songs that had the ability to appeal to a wider (read: more than a 18-35 male demographic) audience.
186;6;A lot of my friends are into P.O.D. and they definitely were recommending it to me a long time ago.
186;7;The opening track ("Set It Off") starts the rock-rap-n'-reggae thrill ride off fierce and solid
186;8;The message definitely brings to mind the message of Track 14.....Sonny writes such beautiful lyrics, once again.
186;9;Ridiculous ~ 4/5 ~ A groovy, Reggae vibed song with the rubberbandy vocals of Eek-A-Mouse that is a fun change of sound from the emotional heaviness and musical muscularity that has preceded it.
186;10;I love the eerie intro.
187;1;Overall, good buy, good listen, and well worth your money!!
187;2;That doesnt however mean that its a bad album, im giving it a TOP 5 stars, a good 99% , and it shows an incredible transition from an incredible band.
187;3;That doesnt however mean that its a bad album, im giving it a TOP 5 stars, a good 99% , and it shows an incredible transition from an incredible band.
187;4;You will find that they will become one of your favorite bands and will earn a worthy position in your CD player.
187;5;You will find that they will become one of your favorite bands and will earn a worthy position in your CD player.
187;6;This sounds like a polished FA track, and houses an incredible solo from Mike at the end, plus a humorous and well-timed line from Brandon.
187;7;You will find that they will become one of your favorite bands and will earn a worthy position in your CD player.
187;8;Brandon Boyd has an amazing singing voice, he doesn't feel the need to scream every single lyric, instead, he beautifully carries them out with perfect timing and harmony.
187;9;Probably the coolest thing about this album is that you can tell how much fun they had making it, and that adds to the fun you have listening to it.
187;10;I have all of incubus' releases, and some rare stuff, and although I love all the albums, I marginally prefer 'Enjoy Incubus' and 'Fungus Amongus' , 's.
184;1;Just about as good live recordingds as you can get, Hotel California, I Can't Tell You Why, The Long Run, Wasted Time, Take It To The Limit, Life In The Fast Lane and Take It Easy, all fantastic stuff.
184;2;Simply wanted the digital version of an album I loved years ago.
184;3;It is a good album.
184;4;Simply wanted the digital version of an album I loved years ago.
184;5;Simply wanted the digital version of an album I loved years ago.
184;6;Simply wanted the digital version of an album I loved years ago.
184;7;Simply wanted the digital version of an album I loved years ago.
184;8;rather...like other groups that appeal to me deeply, the lyrics have serious importance, to me.
184;9;Simply wanted the digital version of an album I loved years ago.
184;10;Unfortunately, I can't help laughing now whenever I hear "Desperado", because of the Seinfield episode with the dorky boyfriend Elaine dated briefly, who would stop and make everyone listen whenever that song came on the radio, but it IS a beautiful, beautiful song, and I loved it for years.
185;1;The songs are clean sounding and powerful
185;2;The 3 new songs are all good, sad to say much better than the Iommi/Hughes efforts of recent years.
185;3;The songs are clean sounding and powerful
185;4;Listened to it at the gym yesterday.
185;5;Ronnie James Dio has one of the best heavy metal voices to this day...The production on this CD is top notch.
185;6;The songs are clean sounding and powerful
185;7;I can feel my doors shake when im driving with this one!
185;8;The 3 new songs are all good, sad to say much better than the Iommi/Hughes efforts of recent years.
185;9;Ronnie James Dio has one of the best heavy metal voices to this day...The production on this CD is top notch.
185;10;I love all the singers, but I believe Iommi and Butler are the backbone of the band.
190;1;I like music and decide to expand my music collection and I enjoy this album.
190;2;There is nothing negative at all about this album, even the 8 minute song "Scarecrow" is good and even the last two tracks of the album "Corrosion" and "Grace" are good which are sinister instrumentals.
190;3;This is very good stuff.
190;4;I like music and decide to expand my music collection and I enjoy this album.
190;5;PSALM 69 is indeed an incredible journey of harrowing depiction, with ominous guitars, good 'n' heavy beats, and some real focus.
190;6;I like music and decide to expand my music collection and I enjoy this album.
190;7;N.W.O. is an excellent way to kick-start this fast album, with that driving drum beat and howling guitars, this is a excellent song.
190;8;Great thrash album, Al has done it again, great songs awesome riffs and great lyrics all the way threw.
190;9;It's, again, dark and bleak, but just like all the other songs, it still has a fun element to it.
190;10;Damn I love Al's vocals on this album.
191;1;The all-important sound quality of this 2009 remaster is also pretty decent with slight compression but barely noticeable
191;2;My least favorite song on here is Don't Stop To Watch The Wheels - and even that one is still a pretty decent song...There's not a bad tune on here.
191;3;Which is good news, because I think this Steve Hoffman remaster is one of the most beautifully rendered transfers I've ever heard - so subtle and so damn good.
191;4;Minute by Minute was an interesting style, low-keyed electric piano twists and turns in 12/8 tune with very nice crescendos and McDonald's masterful voice.
191;5;Minute by Minute was an interesting style, low-keyed electric piano twists and turns in 12/8 tune with very nice crescendos and McDonald's masterful voice.
191;6;Minute by Minute was an interesting style, low-keyed electric piano twists and turns in 12/8 tune with very nice crescendos and McDonald's masterful voice.
191;7;Minute by Minute was an interesting style, low-keyed electric piano twists and turns in 12/8 tune with very nice crescendos and McDonald's masterful voice.
191;8;My least favorite song on here is Don't Stop To Watch The Wheels - and even that one is still a pretty decent song...There's not a bad tune on here.
191;9;Minute by Minute was an interesting style, low-keyed electric piano twists and turns in 12/8 tune with very nice crescendos and McDonald's masterful voice.
191;10;Even after all these years I love to hear it.
188;1;Some songs are better than others but they are all good.
188;2;Some songs are better than others but they are all good.
188;3;Some songs are better than others but they are all good.
188;4;This midtempo tune has a mysterious vibe to it and sports a sound very different than matchbox's previous works.
188;5;<div id="video-block-R1T2RDW869A65H" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D16HQB5TKQS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/716oWwm1JqS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp
188;6;Some songs are better than others but they are all good.
188;7;I listen to this alot in my car and I enjoy it.
188;8;Wonderful lyrics as well as music!
188;9;Fun Album...wtih some beautiful songs.
188;10;I cant wait to see them live in a couple of weeks!
189;1;the sound is good too
189;2;the sound is good too
189;3;the sound is good too
189;4;the sound is good too
189;5;the sound is good too
189;6;I bought this cd to play along with my drums, a lot of fun to play to, cd sounds clean and clear.
189;7;Great band and the CD is perfect for putting in your car on shuffle and hitting the road...
189;8;the sound is good too
189;9;I bought this cd to play along with my drums, a lot of fun to play to, cd sounds clean and clear.
189;10;I have always loved Bad Company.
178;1;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Good-Music-is-Better-Than-Sex-My-Search-for-the-Old-Blue-Chair/dp/1419628666/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Good Music is Better Than Sex: My Search for the Old Blue Chair</a>
178;2;Had never heard of Gary Allan, But finally found out who was singing a song I loved on the radio.
178;3;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Good-Music-is-Better-Than-Sex-My-Search-for-the-Old-Blue-Chair/dp/1419628666/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Good Music is Better Than Sex: My Search for the Old Blue Chair</a>
178;4;Had never heard of Gary Allan, But finally found out who was singing a song I loved on the radio.
178;5;Had never heard of Gary Allan, But finally found out who was singing a song I loved on the radio.
178;6;Had never heard of Gary Allan, But finally found out who was singing a song I loved on the radio.
178;7;Had never heard of Gary Allan, But finally found out who was singing a song I loved on the radio.
178;8;Had never heard of Gary Allan, But finally found out who was singing a song I loved on the radio.
178;9;Had never heard of Gary Allan, But finally found out who was singing a song I loved on the radio.
178;10;Had never heard of Gary Allan, But finally found out who was singing a song I loved on the radio.
179;1;A great many of the songs from this album have become radio staples at Christmastime, and the less-familiar songs sound pretty good, too.
179;2;Most people who listen to Christmas music every year will know these songs.
179;3;A great many of the songs from this album have become radio staples at Christmastime, and the less-familiar songs sound pretty good, too.
179;4;Most people who listen to Christmas music every year will know these songs.
179;5;Most people who listen to Christmas music every year will know these songs.
179;6;In this season of mostly home and hearth, fifteen of the era's biggest names in music lend their time and talent in a goodwill gesture.
179;7;The c.d. has found a permanent home in my car now, and it's a c.d. worth buying for some great rocking' Christmas Carols.
179;8;It's a smorgasboard of emotions!
179;9;The Pointer Sisters "Santa Claus Is Coming To Town" is an avalanche of soul at its most fun.
179;10;Love it, love it, love it!!!
176;1;Quite good for it's day !!!!!
176;2;Thank You for making it available for me to purchase !!!
176;3;Quite good for it's day !!!!!
176;4;Thank You for making it available for me to purchase !!!
176;5;Thank You for making it available for me to purchase !!!
176;6;Thank You for making it available for me to purchase !!!
176;7;Looking ahead to 2014 this is still a great listen and never gets old, there is an energy to the performances and a drive to do something creative.
176;8;Thank You for making it available for me to purchase !!!
176;9;Thank You for making it available for me to purchase !!!
176;10;Absolutely love this album and band.
177;1;Just trying to bring awareness of many things not acknowledged was good to me as I have a compassion for people.
177;2;Then a live recording, The Ballard Of Sacco And Vanzetti, well its a lovely, sad song, sung with feeling and depth.
177;3;Just trying to bring awareness of many things not acknowledged was good to me as I have a compassion for people.
177;4;Timeless music from a great lady singer.
177;5;Timeless music from a great lady singer.
177;6;Timeless music from a great lady singer.
177;7;Timeless music from a great lady singer.
177;8;BAEZ'S voice is so pure & her lyrics so generational.
177;9;It was a fun and interesting time.
177;10;"Diamonds and Rust," is one of her most impressive songs, a haunting, dark, yet romantic look at love and its' repercussions.
182;1;Wonderful memories and great songs of the pop era, I brought this C.D. for just a couple of tracks Blue Bayou and after listening to this I found some more tracks to my liking so I'm happy with my selection and will always treasure.
182;2;Wonderful memories and great songs of the pop era, I brought this C.D. for just a couple of tracks Blue Bayou and after listening to this I found some more tracks to my liking so I'm happy with my selection and will always treasure.
182;3;Like its predecessors, SIMPLE DREAMS is a rich collection of pensive folk ballads, pop with country leanings, and good old rock & roll.
182;4;Another winner is her giant selling single, the  superb version of "Blue Bayou".
182;5;Still love it, yet find so many of these songs negatively focused  and that is NOT where I want my focus now.
182;6;Another winner is her giant selling single, the  superb version of "Blue Bayou".
182;7;Another winner is her giant selling single, the  superb version of "Blue Bayou".
182;8;The songs "Sorrow Lives Here" and "Blue Bayou" show off Ronstadt's quality vocals, you can hear the pain and emotion, the longing in her voice in these songs especially.
182;9;Another winner is her giant selling single, the  superb version of "Blue Bayou".
182;10;One of Linda's best but I would love more extras.
183;1;In between songs when it was quiet, my wife stood up and shouted,  Happy Birthday, Linda, and she acknowledged and thanked her.
183;2;Songs of pain and reflection, with a pure clear voice that's a joy to experience.
183;3;Yes, Ronstadt, a good Germanic sounding name is a sly cover for her Spanish heritage.
183;4;I don't speak Spanish, so I have no idea what she's saying, but who cares, the singing and musical arrangements are outstanding...Linda Ronstadt is America's all-time greatest female singer.
183;5;I bought this just to have it as I enjoy hearing Linda Ronstadt sing... I don't understand one word of Spanish - I read somewhere that she won some awards from this LP.
183;6;Fills the house with happiness.
183;7;I don't speak Spanish, so I have no idea what she's saying, but who cares, the singing and musical arrangements are outstanding...Linda Ronstadt is America's all-time greatest female singer.
183;8;I don't speak Spanish, so I have no idea what she's saying, but who cares, the singing and musical arrangements are outstanding...Linda Ronstadt is America's all-time greatest female singer.
183;9;I don't speak Spanish, so I have no idea what she's saying, but who cares, the singing and musical arrangements are outstanding...Linda Ronstadt is America's all-time greatest female singer.
183;10;I guarantee you will fall in love with this beautiful style of Mexican music after just hearing the first couple of tracks.
180;1;Incidentally, I just saw the Blossoms play last night and they still sound pretty good - even their new material was good enough to inspire me to buy the album (this time on CD) and make a fan of my son, who was born the year NME came out (and who luckily has a tape player so he can listen to and enjoy my cassette!)
180;2;Shiny yet sad, one of the 90's best albums.
180;3;Incidentally, I just saw the Blossoms play last night and they still sound pretty good - even their new material was good enough to inspire me to buy the album (this time on CD) and make a fan of my son, who was born the year NME came out (and who luckily has a tape player so he can listen to and enjoy my cassette!)
180;4;This album is a great 90s workout in soulful garage rock.
180;5;The songs are well written, the musicianship is supreme, and it's just an over all class effort.
180;6;One of my front line cook partners and the dish washer had this down so well we could have started another band.
180;7;The driving "Hands Are Tied" rocks harder than any other on the album, and it's followed by the magical "Found Out About You," the band's most successful song, and for good reason.
180;8;It's immediately catchy music, yet simultaneously deep and satisfying on so many levels...There's plenty of purely feel-good music here, but the lyrics have so much soul and often hit hard.
180;9;"Allison Road" is a fun up beat song with a country flavor to it that's just contagious.
180;10;I have always loved this album (actually, I still have and play the audio cassette I purchased back in '92.)
181;1;Incidentally, I just saw the Blossoms play last night and they still sound pretty good - even their new material was good enough to inspire me to buy the album (this time on CD) and make a fan of my son, who was born the year NME came out (and who luckily has a tape player so he can listen to and enjoy my cassette!)
181;2;Shiny yet sad, one of the 90's best albums.
181;3;I figured that I would like only a few songs and this group would fade away, but thought  "Found Out About You" was good enough on it's own to carry the  album.
181;4;This album is a great 90s workout in soulful garage rock.
181;5;I figured that I would like only a few songs and this group would fade away, but thought  "Found Out About You" was good enough on it's own to carry the  album.
181;6;One of my front line cook partners and the dish washer had this down so well we could have started another band.
181;7;The driving "Hands Are Tied" rocks harder than any other on the album, and it's followed by the magical "Found Out About You," the band's most successful song, and for good reason.
181;8;Though the lyrics are about the trials and tribulations we all face (and about Doug Hopkins' own), the songs are so damn tuneful that I'll be humming them for years.
181;9;Some songs, like Found Out About You are aggressive, uptempo and fun.
181;10;I bought a ticket with a couple of friends and we headed out to check the band out and maybe, if we were lucky, relive a small piece of our late high school existence.
205;1;I'm definitely not a big country music fan but this greatest hits album is so good that I had to download it.
205;2;Ten stellar songs, not a bad one in the bunch.
205;3;I'm definitely not a big country music fan but this greatest hits album is so good that I had to download it.
205;4;This album will make fans of either musical genre smile and tap their  toes, or maybe stomp their feet.
205;5;This album will make fans of either musical genre smile and tap their  toes, or maybe stomp their feet.
205;6;This particular album covers all the bases for me, and yes that makes it a home run.
205;7;Charlie's agressive fiddle work is the  driving force behind the group's biggest hit, "The Devil Went Down to  Georia."
205;8;Ten stellar songs, not a bad one in the bunch.
205;9;The Charlie Daniels Band - A Decade of  Hits is hard-driving music that will make you want to get up and dance, or  at least stand up and holler.
205;10;In America.Legend of the Wooly Swamp are a couple of favorites.
204;1;"Putting It Together" - simply a very fun song, very sing-a-long, and of course Barbra's voice makes it a joy to listen to it.
204;2;Although Adelaide is somewhat sad it's just a playful tune in its own way.
204;3;Good things come to those who wait.
204;4;Barbra's sly, sarcastic take on women who have nothing better to do with their days but go to the gym, buy a hat and meet their girlfriends for lunch is outstanding, as is her vocal.
204;5;High praise, I know, but her intuitive sense of character, along with her remarkably supple voice and theatrical flair, make her a perfect match for this selection of well-known show tunes...It's intriguing that at the beginning of her career, she sang obscure songs by well-known composers like Harold Arlen, then moved into more pop-oriented fare as her movie stardom rose, and with this album, came back to show songs but this time focused on Broadway classics.
204;6;'Broadway' is her first home, and acting a song as she sings it comes natural to her...This is one of her finest albums.
204;7;This album is the best of the best!
204;8;Barbra doesn't just sing the lyrics, she lives the lyrics, and squeezes every ounce of emotion from the haunting and gorgeous melody...On a contemporary version of "Something's Coming" from "West Side Story," Barbra induced even more excitement and enthusiasm into an already exciting and enthusiastic song.
204;9;"Putting It Together" - simply a very fun song, very sing-a-long, and of course Barbra's voice makes it a joy to listen to it.
204;10;She takes romantic chestnuts like "If I Loved You" from "Carousel" and the medley from "The King and I" and gives them a swooning sense of longing appropriate for the lyrics.
207;1;I play it all the time and I am really enjoying this classic Garbage sound that sounds so fresh and new at the same time.
207;2;The sound is still the same, which is not a bad thing, it takes me back to some very good days.
207;3;The sound is still the same, which is not a bad thing, it takes me back to some very good days.
207;4;Despite the lengthy hiatus, the chemistry amongst the band members remains solid.
207;5;Also, there's a lot she could teach contemporary pop starlets in regards to focus, emotion, song craftsmanship, and overall stage persona.
207;6;Despite the lengthy hiatus, the chemistry amongst the band members remains solid.
207;7;I had the pleasure of seeing them open for Smashing Pumpkins in the late 90s...The tracks are hard and drum driven by Mr. Vigs drums.
207;8;With powerful lyrics to musically empower outsiders (just like the great closing song "Beloved Freak").
207;9;Its funny how I wanna get up and dance to this sublime track.
207;10;I just love the pop hooks especially during the chorus.
206;1;Kansas's best album, experimental and fun to listen to...I have enjoyed it for 28 years now
206;2;Hands down my favorite Kansas album of them all.
206;3;After Masque came out Kansas began to try to write hits and that spelled the end of the musical epic they were so good at.
206;4;Hands down my favorite Kansas album of them all.
206;5;"Lonely Street" is a fascinating blues study in 11/8.
206;6;Steve Walsh has an incredibly clean and powerful voice.
206;7;Hands down my favorite Kansas album of them all.
206;8;Then right into the epic title song that soars to wonderful heights while the lyrics tell the story of the exploitation of America's resources.
206;9;Kansas's best album, experimental and fun to listen to...I have enjoyed it for 28 years now
206;10;But I loved it, as I still love blues-based music today...This album sealed the deal for me and everyone I knew that had heard the first Kansas album.
201;1;Fun musical offering from new talent.
201;2;It's so obvious but original that it's almost genius in followthrough...love how she sings "from the bottom to the top"...this thing has hooks inside of hooks that it's almost like crack.
201;3;Will her full album be as good and in a similar style??
201;4;It's so obvious but original that it's almost genius in followthrough...love how she sings "from the bottom to the top"...this thing has hooks inside of hooks that it's almost like crack.
201;5;It's so obvious but original that it's almost genius in followthrough...love how she sings "from the bottom to the top"...this thing has hooks inside of hooks that it's almost like crack.
201;6;It's so obvious but original that it's almost genius in followthrough...love how she sings "from the bottom to the top"...this thing has hooks inside of hooks that it's almost like crack.
201;7;It's so obvious but original that it's almost genius in followthrough...love how she sings "from the bottom to the top"...this thing has hooks inside of hooks that it's almost like crack.
201;8;Her songwriting is so rich in the catchiness of the tunes, the really cute lyrics and the variety of style from bubblegum pop to rap to ballad.
201;9;Fun dance music with a humorous positive message.
201;10;It's so obvious but original that it's almost genius in followthrough...love how she sings "from the bottom to the top"...this thing has hooks inside of hooks that it's almost like crack.
200;1;I've enjoyed Into the Woods for years now and, after listening to this fantastic recording, I would have never believed that it could get or sound any better.
200;2;The film was many years in discussion, and it has finally appeared celebrating all the Broadway show's musical glory.
200;3;For anybody who loves a good Broadway show, I recommend this.
200;4;The film was many years in discussion, and it has finally appeared celebrating all the Broadway show's musical glory.
200;5;The film was many years in discussion, and it has finally appeared celebrating all the Broadway show's musical glory.
200;6;The film was many years in discussion, and it has finally appeared celebrating all the Broadway show's musical glory.
200;7;The film was many years in discussion, and it has finally appeared celebrating all the Broadway show's musical glory.
200;8;It seems that however many times you listen to the songs of Sondheim (music as well as lyrics) you can discover something new.
200;9;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to the best songs on this soundtrack are all of them.
200;10;Love this musical  Great CD
203;1;Even with those raw vocals, Udo puts a lot of emotion in this slower yet intense track...The second side is similar to the first which, obviously, is a good thing.
203;2;Probably Udo has a very strong personality, one that enabled him to convince such talented musicians as Wolf Hoffmann, Peter Baltes, Hermann Frank Jr. and Stefan Kaufmann that his "pain in the stomach" voice was the best for the band !!!
203;3;This album is veritable metal classic, replete with screeching, Brian Johnson-esque vocals from the man Udo, and some good old fashioned gutiar mayhem from Wolf Hoffman.
203;4;I love the German's lyrics about whiskey bars and one night stands and mighty iron horses.
203;5;I love the German's lyrics about whiskey bars and one night stands and mighty iron horses.
203;6;I love the German's lyrics about whiskey bars and one night stands and mighty iron horses.
203;7;Side one of the  old LP/cassette - which I've carried around in three different cars over 18  years, amazed that it still plays - is one of my favorite album sides, with  one memorable song after another adorned by a hearty array of great metal  guitar effects.
203;8;I love the German's lyrics about whiskey bars and one night stands and mighty iron horses.
203;9;It all makes for a relentless, fun, and exhilarating roller-coaster of an album.
203;10;I love the German's lyrics about whiskey bars and one night stands and mighty iron horses.
202;1;Vey good value for money.
202;2;'American in Paris' is one of Gershwin's finer pieces but 'Rhapsody in Blue' is the gem of all his non-vocal music, and I believe, the greatest of all 'classical'pieces of American music.
202;3;Vey good value for money.
202;4;'American in Paris' is one of Gershwin's finer pieces but 'Rhapsody in Blue' is the gem of all his non-vocal music, and I believe, the greatest of all 'classical'pieces of American music.
202;5;'American in Paris' is one of Gershwin's finer pieces but 'Rhapsody in Blue' is the gem of all his non-vocal music, and I believe, the greatest of all 'classical'pieces of American music.
202;6;It got plenty of play in the car and on our home stereo.
202;7;It got plenty of play in the car and on our home stereo.
202;8;It has a lyric intensity and beauty a romantic fire that no other piece of American music I know, can hope to reasonably compare with.
202;9;As the piece goes on, the ways in which the two basic modes -- call them interior and exterior -- begin to combine are very engaging, and one can't help feeling that this is much more fun than, say, a tone-poem of comparable length by Richard Strauss...With Bernstein at the piano, and the CBS "house" orchestra -- better known for its Mahler and Beethoven with Bruno Walter in these days -- we have a lovely account of the Rhapsody.
202;10;I highly recommend this CD to those who love George Gershwin's music.
197;1;Both continued doing good music...but this is great.
197;2;Mary's vocals are deep, seductive and stunning and the mix of those three people is a winner, too bad they are still not together.
197;3;Mary's vocals are deep, seductive and stunning and the mix of those three people is a winner, too bad they are still not together.
197;4;When Mary adds her voice, this is a dream!!!!
197;5;When Mary adds her voice, this is a dream!!!!
197;6;He actually called home to thank me and relay how impressed he was with the group.
197;7;When Mary adds her voice, this is a dream!!!!
197;8;There is something for everyone on this CD... thoughtful lyrics run the full range of human emotion, some uplifting, others calming, a few melancholy.
197;9;The only consolation is that we can still listen to these two albums, yet it leaves their fans wondering what incredible music that they never had a chance to make...The best cuts on this CD are "A Lonely Voice" -- in which Mary's voice seems to soar with lines such as "you tell me God is dancing in the rain" -- "Wall of Silence," and "Where You Are."
197;10;This CD is romantic and emotional, and stands up on numerous repeated listenings.
196;1;She ROCKS in Spanish and English yeah baby I'm ready happy!!
196;2;Medicine showcased a talent unforseen.
196;3;I see nothing but good things coming her way.
196;4;Energy and workout- which you do when you hear her.
196;5;Medicine showcased a talent unforseen.
196;6;Medicine showcased a talent unforseen.
196;7;Medicine showcased a talent unforseen.
196;8;The guitar-driven "Broken Record" is a semi-acoustic ballad which has lovely lyrics..."Medicine," the incredible catchy pop-country crossover duet with Blake Shelton, is one of my favorites on this album.
196;9;We do our dance aerobics to some of her songs which I love.
196;10;I love this album of Shakira's!
199;1;Oh my this was good.
199;2;There isn't a bad song on it and the whole thing is super polished.
199;3;Oh my this was good.
199;4;Oh my this was good.
199;5;Oh my this was good.
199;6;Oh my this was good.
199;7;Oh my this was good.
199;8;The story told is great, the lyrics and vocals are superb, guitar and bass capture you, and the drums just put it over the edge.
199;9;Awesome band, the music is a lot of fun to listen to.
199;10;Starset also includes a little outro in a couple songs that is similar to an epic space adventure.
198;1;This is an awesome soundtrack it is enjoyable and fun to listen to.
198;2;So glad to have it on beautiful blue vinyl.
198;3;This is one of the few album/soundtracks, in which I never skip a song, because each one is good and perfect.
198;4;This is an awesome soundtrack it is enjoyable and fun to listen to.
198;5;This is an awesome soundtrack it is enjoyable and fun to listen to.
198;6;This is an awesome soundtrack it is enjoyable and fun to listen to.
198;7;It can really make me smile and get me to sing along as I drive.
198;8;Each song's lyrics describes the relantionship perfect, about two people who don't meet intill the very end.
198;9;This is an awesome soundtrack it is enjoyable and fun to listen to.
198;10;Stardust" by Nat King Cole is very romantic, and tells of two people who long to be together. "
193;1;I love Annie Lennox her music is fantastic and you can enjoy it 24/7.
193;2;This is a fantastic collection of tunes showcasing the singing and songwriting abilities of this talented artist.
193;3;Both Annie Lennox and John Malkovich gave good performances in the "Walking on Broken Glass" music video.
193;4;This is a fantastic collection of tunes showcasing the singing and songwriting abilities of this talented artist.
193;5;This is a fantastic collection of tunes showcasing the singing and songwriting abilities of this talented artist.
193;6;This is a fantastic collection of tunes showcasing the singing and songwriting abilities of this talented artist.
193;7;This is a fantastic collection of tunes showcasing the singing and songwriting abilities of this talented artist.
193;8;This is a fantastic collection of tunes showcasing the singing and songwriting abilities of this talented artist.
193;9;The video to "Little Bird" is fun to watch because there are many people shown playing as Annie Lennox doubles.
193;10;I love Annie Lennox her music is fantastic and you can enjoy it 24/7.
192;1;The sound quality is very good (but not perfect)...What is really amazing is the live performance of the Dead.
192;2;And i don't know how anyone can consider the not Fade Away > Goin' down the Road Feeling Bad sequence "boring" - it's some of the most straight up rock music you'll ever hear from this band.
192;3;The sound quality is very good (but not perfect)...What is really amazing is the live performance of the Dead.
192;4;I had this on vinyl while living in London in the 70's(a double LP) I liked it then and I love it now .
192;5;"Bertha" sets the tone for this record, the band plays like a wildfire on this, and keeps it all together and focused.
192;6;I had this on vinyl while living in London in the 70's(a double LP) I liked it then and I love it now .
192;7;This makes great driving music, and nowadays that's how I'm most likely to hear it... The highlights are the amazing jams -- "The Other One," the end of "Wharf Rat," and "Not Fade Away/Goin' Down the Road Feeling Bad," with one of those patented instrumental transitions from one to the other.
192;8;And i don't know how anyone can consider the not Fade Away > Goin' down the Road Feeling Bad sequence "boring" - it's some of the most straight up rock music you'll ever hear from this band.
192;9;I had this on vinyl while living in London in the 70's(a double LP) I liked it then and I love it now .
192;10;I had this on vinyl while living in London in the 70's(a double LP) I liked it then and I love it now .
195;1;Losing my Religion, Shiny Happy People, Country Feedback and Half a World Away are the best songs from this album and have become some of my favourites all time from all of REM's collections...For any REM fan, they will find this album so much fun to listen too and enjoy its smooth rock sounds and great riffs.
195;2;Country Feedback build in intensity as Michael Stipe sing the most personal pre-AFTP song,and Honey In Me brings together both sad & happy together on the final track.
195;3;I think this is a really really good CD, and daresay I say it, a great one from a great band.
195;4;Near Wild Heaven,Shiny Happy People,and Radio Song are bouncy pop songs that improve on the peppy tracks on Green.
195;5;Near Wild Heaven,Shiny Happy People,and Radio Song are bouncy pop songs that improve on the peppy tracks on Green.
195;6;One day, I'm hanging out at a friend's house and he throws the album in.
195;7;"Half A World Away" is a beautiful song driven by a haunting harpsichord while "Low" is a deep, pulsating track.
195;8;Country Feedback build in intensity as Michael Stipe sing the most personal pre-AFTP song,and Honey In Me brings together both sad & happy together on the final track.
195;9;Losing my Religion, Shiny Happy People, Country Feedback and Half a World Away are the best songs from this album and have become some of my favourites all time from all of REM's collections...For any REM fan, they will find this album so much fun to listen too and enjoy its smooth rock sounds and great riffs.
195;10;I love every track on this album.
194;1;Lay back and enjoy listening with that special person and enjoy the music together and the magic begins!
194;2;Out of the blue came Roxy's stunning and groundbreaking eponymous first album.
194;3;There is nothing to compare them to...and that's a good thing.
194;4;One time humourous another seductive.
194;5;Eno has made a career out of the study of background music and Ferry has made it his life study to be Bryan Ferry, the biggest lounge act ever.
194;6;In Every Dream Home A Heartache" is one of the most deliciously perverse songs of that decade.
194;7;And it was all held together by the great Paul Thompson, the tasteful timekeeper - always the best but never better than with the deceptively simple rhythms on Bogus Man and Grey Lagoons and the driving beat on Editions of You.
194;8;Ferry works his voice a bit here too, and this is perhaps an echo of the fun he had with it on the debut album and maybe why I like it so much..."For Your Pleasure": A slow song with a distinctive beat and a lyric with a point.
194;9;The fast songs, DO  THE STRAND and EDITIONS OF YOU, have a great beat and are easy to dance to.
194;10;c'mon...a love song to an inflatable love doll ?
220;1;If you like very good hard rock you will enjoy this gem.
220;2;If you think about it, anybody's favorite CD is a favorite because each track has a different personality and chemestry.
220;3;The music is quite good, and something to pull out when you just want to kick back and relax.
220;4;If you think about it, anybody's favorite CD is a favorite because each track has a different personality and chemestry.
220;5;If you think about it, anybody's favorite CD is a favorite because each track has a different personality and chemestry.
220;6;If you think about it, anybody's favorite CD is a favorite because each track has a different personality and chemestry.
220;7;If you think about it, anybody's favorite CD is a favorite because each track has a different personality and chemestry.
220;8;Every song is good, the lyrics (while they can be immature at times) are good, and Brent Smith is a really talented and overlooked vocalist.
220;9;These songs are catchy...I will call out a few songs:  "I Dare You"--What an up-tempo fun song, it has to be the next single.
220;10;I loved this song just because these days i can be so hard to pull of a great ballad successfully.
221;1;The whole family can enjoy this music.
221;2;The whole family can enjoy this music.
221;3;This album has two very good songs on it.
221;4;The whole family can enjoy this music.
221;5;The whole family can enjoy this music.
221;6;I especially love "I'll be home for Christmas".
221;7;The whole family can enjoy this music.
221;8;The whole family can enjoy this music.
221;9;Makes you want to dance to Christmas songs.
221;10;I do love the others because Christmas is my favorite time.
222;1;They have amazing, fun diversity on their songs, and they don't care about what you think.
222;2;And despite some of the sad (and potty-mouthed) content, this CD made me feel good.
222;3;I thought this was a pretty good CD.
222;4;The song is in a slower forum, and it really puts your mind in a state of wonder.
222;5;Whenever you read an on-line review, you will here people giving you a whole story-line of what is behind the music.
222;6;"Come Clean" is great, from the first moment until the last one, it keeps you listening and forces you to thank - again - Fred Durst for a marvelous discovery.
222;7;but for some reason, i hopped into that expensive car that i am so proud of even though my parents bought it for me, drove out and got come clean.
222;8;And despite some of the sad (and potty-mouthed) content, this CD made me feel good.
222;9;They have amazing, fun diversity on their songs, and they don't care about what you think.
222;10;I love the whole thing.
223;1;Everyone that has heard his CD has enjoyed how Seal has brought this music back to life!
223;2;He keeps the music honest as the original artist who first recorded these songs.
223;3;But it's more than merely respectable - it's a very good version.
223;4;He keeps the music honest as the original artist who first recorded these songs.
223;5;He keeps the music honest as the original artist who first recorded these songs.
223;6;He keeps the music honest as the original artist who first recorded these songs.
223;7;He keeps the music honest as the original artist who first recorded these songs.
223;8;He keeps the music honest as the original artist who first recorded these songs.
223;9;He keeps the music honest as the original artist who first recorded these songs.
223;10;If you are into soul music, you'll love this.
216;1;in Amazons web site, and the seller that sold me this L.P. was very good in getting me this album in a very good time.
216;2;"I'll Cry Instead" exposes his inner struggles for the first time with another complex but accessible melody.
216;3;in Amazons web site, and the seller that sold me this L.P. was very good in getting me this album in a very good time.
216;4;"I'll Cry Instead" exposes his inner struggles for the first time with another complex but accessible melody.
216;5;"I'll Cry Instead" exposes his inner struggles for the first time with another complex but accessible melody.
216;6;"I'll Cry Instead" exposes his inner struggles for the first time with another complex but accessible melody.
216;7;You only miss the lousy stereo mix when you cannot hear it anymore, and now it is back and is a great trip down memory lane.
216;8;Lyrics are pure John Lennon.
216;9;"Tell Me Why" is a great pop tune that must've haunted Brian Wilson, for the Beach Boys did a tongue-in-cheek version on their&nbsp
216;10;Ah Ringo, American girls loved you!
217;1;"U Da Man" is a 6 man deep track that features vocals from Smif-N-Wessun again, Big Dru Ha, and Havoc of Mobb Deep, making it one of the best tracks to end the album on a good note...Overall, this is classic '93 album comming from the streets of NY.
217;2;Man so many great rymes, beats, etc. on the c.d.  truly a classic.
217;3;"U Da Man" is a 6 man deep track that features vocals from Smif-N-Wessun again, Big Dru Ha, and Havoc of Mobb Deep, making it one of the best tracks to end the album on a good note...Overall, this is classic '93 album comming from the streets of NY.
217;4;Man so many great rymes, beats, etc. on the c.d.  truly a classic.
217;5;Man so many great rymes, beats, etc. on the c.d.  truly a classic.
217;6;Man so many great rymes, beats, etc. on the c.d.  truly a classic.
217;7;Man so many great rymes, beats, etc. on the c.d.  truly a classic.
217;8;Amazing lyrics, beats and attitude, i would want this to be rated among albums like 'Kind of Blue', The Dark Side of the Moon, Eye in the sky etc..
217;9;Man so many great rymes, beats, etc. on the c.d.  truly a classic.
217;10;I f***in loved it from the first sound of "Buck Em Down".
218;1;I will enjoy this cd for years to come.
218;2;These songs are bold, passionate and haunting.
218;3;It is not as good as some of her ther, more famous albums, but it is still worth having and enjoyable to listen to.
218;4;These songs are bold, passionate and haunting.
218;5;The songs focus on Celtic music and are a bit different from McKennitt's more recent experimentation and integration of world music.
218;6;These songs are bold, passionate and haunting.
218;7;She's very soothing to listen to on a long trip.
218;8;Traditional music arranged by Loreena McKennitt & lyrics by Robert Dwyer Joyce), "The Death Of Queen Jane" (great acoustic guitar/flute combination) & "The Parting Glass" (great laid-back track with great vocals).
218;9;Bravo to her for that...The sentimental strains of On a Bright May Morning somehow avoid being a drunkards lament and instead point to nostalgia and fond memories of youth and love...Brian Borus March has a quiet, mysterious opening and doesnt abruptly leap into dance territory  which is, to me, a very pleasant change for this tune.
218;10;Anyone who loved Her early works, go for this one, its a treasure.
219;1;The band should thank Kerrang for so many front covers cause curiosity finally got the better of me...and I'm glad cause this is fantastic!
219;2;It is very emotional, scary, and sad.
219;3;This album is amazingly good.
219;4;The closers of "Tearing" and "Tortured" are jaw dropping!
219;5;every song tells a story almost and when you read the lyrics it puts you in this dark mysterious place and then you listen to it and you're just in another world.
219;6;The closers of "Tearing" and "Tortured" are jaw dropping!
219;7;The closers of "Tearing" and "Tortured" are jaw dropping!
219;8;Always operatic in delivery and equally as complex, Cradle of Filth have delivered an intense, ear phone melting screamer, with darkly disturbing poetic lyrics!
219;9;The closers of "Tearing" and "Tortured" are jaw dropping!
219;10;Midian will take you away to dark places that the human eye was never supposed to see, but you'll be loving the journey all along the way, it has that dark romantic charm to it.
212;1;Williams brings both the emotion and action of Attack of the Clones alive.
212;2;His love theme for this cd is paticularly stunning and it makes you all teary-eyed just thinking about how sad this story is going to end.
212;3;This track is rather similar to Harry Potter, and this makes it less interesting but it`s still a good one which I often listen too.
212;4;An amazing composer and an amazing score for an amazing movie saga.
212;5;I would also suggest you listen along while you read the novelization by R.A.Salvatore
212;6;An amazing composer and an amazing score for an amazing movie saga.
212;7;The Imperial March at the end is my personal favorite part I took a trip to Minneapolis (6 hours) and just played that part for at least 2 hours because of its dark and resurging power that is inspirational to anyone with a love of music.
212;8;Williams brings both the emotion and action of Attack of the Clones alive.
212;9;This is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
212;10;The main difference in this score is that this score is much more romantic than the others, since this film is a love story.
213;1;This album proves that Iron Maiden has successfully updated their sound for the new century, without losing the spirit that made them so good 20 years ago.
213;2;Bruce brought whole new life to the Blaze Bailey songs (which were never bad anyway, they're just better now), and still belts out the Paul Dianno stuff well.
213;3;This album proves that Iron Maiden has successfully updated their sound for the new century, without losing the spirit that made them so good 20 years ago.
213;4;is the greatest thing I have ever experienced.)
213;5;is the greatest thing I have ever experienced.)
213;6;is the greatest thing I have ever experienced.)
213;7;is the greatest thing I have ever experienced.)
213;8;Even though Bruce did not write the material, he performs them with so much emotion and passion.
213;9;The video on the second disc is really fun to watch.
213;10;In fact, I never really cared for Brave New World that much, but now I love these songs!
214;1;For newcomers, there is a lot here to enjoy if you like good musicians playing and singing good, inventive music.
214;2;Wilson gets to flex his pop muscles with gems like 'Sever' and 'Every home is wired', satirising late 20th century life and churning out gorgeous melodies in the process.
214;3;Here we have master songs like : The sleep of no dreaming - Sever - Dark matter - master insteumentals like : Waiting phase 1 - WEaiting phase 2 - idiot prayer - and the rest songs are very very good.
214;4;Wilson gets to flex his pop muscles with gems like 'Sever' and 'Every home is wired', satirising late 20th century life and churning out gorgeous melodies in the process.
214;5;The latter album is focused on psychedelic instrumentals
214;6;Wilson gets to flex his pop muscles with gems like 'Sever' and 'Every home is wired', satirising late 20th century life and churning out gorgeous melodies in the process.
214;7;Its ambient, ballad, rock, dreaming, travelling.......
214;8;If you enjoy melodic, spacey and somewhat dark rock with clever, introspective lyrics
214;9;Steven Wilson has a unique and distinctive style that blends many influences, from techno dance, space ambient, progressive blues, and alternative rock
214;10;I bought the Signify album a couple years ago and loved it.
215;1;Cyclops 4/5 This one I can't really get into fully but it's still a really good song.6.
215;2;Cyclops 4/5 This one I can't really get into fully but it's still a really good song.6.
215;3;Cyclops 4/5 This one I can't really get into fully but it's still a really good song.6.
215;4;Cyclops 4/5 This one I can't really get into fully but it's still a really good song.6.
215;5;Cyclops 4/5 This one I can't really get into fully but it's still a really good song.6.
215;6;Portrait of an American Family is full of hard rock songs that will get you moshing in the comfort of your own home.
215;7;while later albums were heavier and darker and maybe better produced, this is still one amazing trip.
215;8;Cake and Sodomy 5/5 Great song about social issues, the lyrics are very intense but clever).3.
215;9;These are songs which tell society as it is, while making fun of it.
215;10;But I love this album
208;1;Every cut is exciting, with a hint of innovation thrown in for good measure.
208;2;In terms of how it functioned in the sense of Ramsey's electric funk musical period this is a very important album and when it reaches it's true flower,this really is a united funk spectacle to behold.
208;3;Every cut is exciting, with a hint of innovation thrown in for good measure.
208;4;In terms of how it functioned in the sense of Ramsey's electric funk musical period this is a very important album and when it reaches it's true flower,this really is a united funk spectacle to behold.
208;5;In terms of how it functioned in the sense of Ramsey's electric funk musical period this is a very important album and when it reaches it's true flower,this really is a united funk spectacle to behold.
208;6;In terms of how it functioned in the sense of Ramsey's electric funk musical period this is a very important album and when it reaches it's true flower,this really is a united funk spectacle to behold.
208;7;In terms of how it functioned in the sense of Ramsey's electric funk musical period this is a very important album and when it reaches it's true flower,this really is a united funk spectacle to behold.
208;8;In terms of how it functioned in the sense of Ramsey's electric funk musical period this is a very important album and when it reaches it's true flower,this really is a united funk spectacle to behold.
208;9;In terms of how it functioned in the sense of Ramsey's electric funk musical period this is a very important album and when it reaches it's true flower,this really is a united funk spectacle to behold.
208;10;Grew up in Chicago and always loved his music
209;1;That man sure does know how to create a group, and what good music is.
209;2;Brian Andrews, Robert Curry, Michael "Big Mike" McCluney, Qwanell "Que" Mosley, and Willie Taylor complement each other very well on their solid Bad Boy self-titled debut CD.
209;3;That man sure does know how to create a group, and what good music is.
209;4;I actually know Robert and am glad he continued to pursue his dream
209;5;I actually know Robert and am glad he continued to pursue his dream
209;6;I haven't danced around the house to a CD in so so long.....Big Ups to each of you and I pray that GOD keeps you together but remember anything worth keeping is worth fighting for, and it won't be easy......STAY TRUE!!
209;7;I went out and picked it up on the day it dropped and it has been in my car ever since.
209;8;Some of the songs give me chills and only pure/raw talent has that ability...-Mike just seems so sincere with his talent and put's all emotions into his music/singing.
209;9;I haven't danced around the house to a CD in so so long.....Big Ups to each of you and I pray that GOD keeps you together but remember anything worth keeping is worth fighting for, and it won't be easy......STAY TRUE!!
209;10;I actually know Robert and am glad he continued to pursue his dream
210;1;I have always enjoyed good lyrics ala Buffett and Bromberg and this is absolutely top shelf!
210;2;Each one is fun, sad, or heartfelt.
210;3;A good solid sound with no screaming of high notes.
210;4;A good solid sound with no screaming of high notes.
210;5;A good solid sound with no screaming of high notes.
210;6;A good solid sound with no screaming of high notes.
210;7;One of the few CDs I keep in the car at all times.
210;8;Her lyrics are very good indeed, with songs like Take A Little Pill making good, serious points about addiction and Stripes genuinely makes me tap my foot and smile (although I'd recommend that you avoid the video, which manages to drain all the dry wit from the song)...This album was a really enjoyable discovery for me.
210;9;Each one is fun, sad, or heartfelt.
210;10;Rarely have I been able to say that I love every cut on an album, but that is the case with this one.
211;1;Really great selection of Bob Seger songs, a good play on a long trip, you will be singing along without knowing it.
211;2;Thank you Bob...It's a great comeback...I'm looking forward to even greater performances for the future.
211;3;Really great selection of Bob Seger songs, a good play on a long trip, you will be singing along without knowing it.
211;4;Thank you Bob...It's a great comeback...I'm looking forward to even greater performances for the future.
211;5;Thank you Bob...It's a great comeback...I'm looking forward to even greater performances for the future.
211;6;Thank you Bob...It's a great comeback...I'm looking forward to even greater performances for the future.
211;7;Really great selection of Bob Seger songs, a good play on a long trip, you will be singing along without knowing it.
211;8;Those picturesque, oft-witty lyrics
211;9;Thank you Bob...It's a great comeback...I'm looking forward to even greater performances for the future.
211;10;The voice and style of the Bob Seger we grew up with and loved on so many songs too many to list is alive and very well.
239;1;It amazes me when I get a new effort from a very good artist, and then just as I am really enjoying the effort, I hear that the artist has put out another strong effort, but with different band mates.
239;2;Robert Cray and his bandmates have come with a new sound and direction that speaks volumes to those who look for their work, here is no different, a GREAT WORK has been created with "In My Soul" from "You Move Me" to "Pillow" you get the full experience of love, hurt, joy, pain and sexy.
239;3;He has revamped the line-up again with a new keyboardist and drummer, but his unique brand of soul blues hasn't changed-and that, of course is a good thing.
239;4;One of the best talents.
239;5;One of the best talents.
239;6;One of the best talents.
239;7;One of the best talents.
239;8;I get joy from good music, and I feel great when heartfelt emotions can be expressed in any type of music.
239;9;One of the best talents.
239;10;If you like Robert Cray, as I do, you should love it.
238;1;It is a good mix of his early work and later, more well know work, but I truely enjoy them all.
238;2;Roy Orbison had an incredible voice and it is a pleasure to listen him and the way he expressed the lyrics of his songs.
238;3;It is a good mix of his early work and later, more well know work, but I truely enjoy them all.
238;4;Roy Orbison had an incredible voice and it is a pleasure to listen him and the way he expressed the lyrics of his songs.
238;5;Roy Orbison had an incredible voice and it is a pleasure to listen him and the way he expressed the lyrics of his songs.
238;6;Roy Orbison had an incredible voice and it is a pleasure to listen him and the way he expressed the lyrics of his songs.
238;7;Although I have many of his other CDs, I have to say this ranks near the top of his "hits" CDs...PROS: variety, sound quality, and price.CONS: ONLY if they could have added a few more songs from his last album and Traveling Wilburys' CDs.
238;8;Roy Orbison had an incredible voice and it is a pleasure to listen him and the way he expressed the lyrics of his songs.
238;9;Roy Orbison had an incredible voice and it is a pleasure to listen him and the way he expressed the lyrics of his songs.
238;10;I'm one who just loves his work.
237;1;So, with that significant contribution toward  raising good, honorable children, not only mine, but children THROUGHOUT THIS WORLD, many thanks Tim McGraw!
237;2;Great cd....love the fact that his daughter sings with him on one of the songs.
237;3;So, with that significant contribution toward  raising good, honorable children, not only mine, but children THROUGHOUT THIS WORLD, many thanks Tim McGraw!
237;4;Great cd....love the fact that his daughter sings with him on one of the songs.
237;5;Great cd....love the fact that his daughter sings with him on one of the songs.
237;6;That said, nothing can take away from Tims truly genuine and heartfelt vocals- with a truly pitch perfect delivery of the title lyric that is both filled with reverence and a hint of animosity...Love Runs 10/10- this song, Losin You and What Youre Lookin For are very much kissing cousins- they're the power ballads of the album and have similar musicality drawing heavily from rock and house music but all somehow manage to have distinct personalities.
237;7;For some reason I think of Bonnie and Clyde when I hear this and while nothing about the lyrics stand out, once again the combination of the lyrics and music make the song another earworm where you cant help but move your head while it drives forward and the steel guitar moves through the right channel...Kiss a Girl 9/10- a clever twist and take on an old theme.
237;8;For some reason I think of Bonnie and Clyde when I hear this and while nothing about the lyrics stand out, once again the combination of the lyrics and music make the song another earworm where you cant help but move your head while it drives forward and the steel guitar moves through the right channel...Kiss a Girl 9/10- a clever twist and take on an old theme.
237;9;The song is musically intricate, lyrically fun (if not somewhat of a paint by number/laundry list in spots) and you cant help but start singing along and moving to it.
237;10;Great cd....love the fact that his daughter sings with him on one of the songs.
236;1;Really good set of Ramones music.
236;2;This is a first class "greatest hits" cd by the Ramones.
236;3;Really good set of Ramones music.
236;4;This is a first class "greatest hits" cd by the Ramones.
236;5;This is a first class "greatest hits" cd by the Ramones.
236;6;This is a first class "greatest hits" cd by the Ramones.
236;7;This is a first class "greatest hits" cd by the Ramones.
236;8;This is a first class "greatest hits" cd by the Ramones.
236;9;Lastly, I wanna Be Sedated is fun and fast...Their songs do not dwell on negativity, I think they definitly can lift your spirits and make you want to dance...Highly recommended !
236;10;Bought as a gift he loved it
235;1;really good - its a cd worth buying because all the songs are really ones you can enjoy.
235;2;When I listen to their music I feel so happy thou some of their songs are sad.
235;3;Price was good and it came right to my mailbox!!
235;4;Rascal Flatts are one of the most greatest country artists, and I have loved everything that they have produced and will continue to purchase everything that they put out to the public.
235;5;Rascal Flatts are one of the most greatest country artists, and I have loved everything that they have produced and will continue to purchase everything that they put out to the public.
235;6;He also captures how a college student feels about living away from home.
235;7;I love the images of driving in a truck amd of crickets and frogs.
235;8;As usual, these guys bring out the feelings and emotions of so many of the people today.
235;9;A lot of fun, touching and wonderful songs are on this album.
235;10;This whole album is great however, the song Changed has made the greatest impack on my Boyfriend and I love the look on his face when he is listening to this cd
234;1;You can't analyze it, just enjoy it and have a good time because that's all that it is.
234;2;I love this song, it means alot to me in my life.
234;3;Easy As It Seems-This is a good song its stimple and it cool 7/10.
234;4;I love this song, it means alot to me in my life.
234;5;I love this song, it means alot to me in my life.
234;6;I love this song, it means alot to me in my life.
234;7;If you like things like Foreigner, Loverboy, Pat Benatar, The Cars, and Rick Springfield... this is KISS in a style that fits more with that group than with any of the metal bands they are usually associated with.
234;8;- great song 8/10 lyrics are nice its a step up from their usual women bashing lyrics.
234;9;It's a fun album to listen to.
234;10;I love this song, it means alot to me in my life.
233;1;10) Sound of Love -- An okay song that has some good background music to it.
233;2;Black Diamond is a metaphor filled broken-heart love song, the pain emphasized by Robin's vibrato...The Sound of Love is a breathy, pain-filled song about loneliness, emphasized by Barry gentle, sad voice...Just Give Your Best to Your Friends is a fun country-esque song about life's lessons in dealing with deal
233;3;10) Sound of Love -- An okay song that has some good background music to it.
233;4;10) Sound of Love -- An okay song that has some good background music to it.
233;5;If you like good music, then the Bee Gees are always a smart choice to get
233;6;Listening to this remaster, clean and beautiful as it is, it's hard to believe this album was recorded 40 years ago!
233;7;Interesting song in many aspects including the memorable line "with 16 kids and a family on the skids, I gotta go for a Sunday drive."
233;8;Every song is very interesting musically, with inventive arrangments and often surprising lyrics.
233;9;5) Edison -- A fun song to listen to.
233;10;I love how they develop the mood to this song and then change it to something completely different.
232;1;Marley later rallies up listeners with the astounding "Lively Up Yourself," and the fun, uplifting bonus track, "Kinky Reggae"...The strongest emotion portrayed in the performance, however, is Marley's classic sociopolitical and spiritual side with the sorrowful, "Burnin' and Lootin'," the solemn "Them Belly Full (But We Hungry)," the enigmatic world-renowned equal rights anthem, "Get Up, Stand Up" and the chart-topping hit that broke musical boundaries the world over: "I Shot the Sheriff."
232;2;Out of the blue they played this entire CD and it shortly became a amazingly extraordinary experience!!
232;3;'Lively Up Yourself' is especially good
232;4;This album is everything a great live album should be...There's an exciting balance of love, exuberance and desperation on Live!
232;5;I also read a great book about the Rastafari (Rastafari: Roots and Ideology) while doing the same as above...Anyway, the album is spectacular.
232;6;This performance sounds clean, fresh and lively
232;7;This album is everything a great live album should be...There's an exciting balance of love, exuberance and desperation on Live!
232;8;The lyrics to all of the songs are included along with some great photos from the shows.
232;9;Marley later rallies up listeners with the astounding "Lively Up Yourself," and the fun, uplifting bonus track, "Kinky Reggae"...The strongest emotion portrayed in the performance, however, is Marley's classic sociopolitical and spiritual side with the sorrowful, "Burnin' and Lootin'," the solemn "Them Belly Full (But We Hungry)," the enigmatic world-renowned equal rights anthem, "Get Up, Stand Up" and the chart-topping hit that broke musical boundaries the world over: "I Shot the Sheriff."
232;10;This album is everything a great live album should be...There's an exciting balance of love, exuberance and desperation on Live!
231;1;Though some other really good songs are left out of this disc it is still a good cd to buy especially if you enjoy listening to Les Mis.
231;2;She really does have a nice voice and I really couldn't have imagined anyone else playing the role the way she did.
231;3;Aaron Tveit (Enjolras): He was really good.
231;4;She really does have a nice voice and I really couldn't have imagined anyone else playing the role the way she did.
231;5;She really does have a nice voice and I really couldn't have imagined anyone else playing the role the way she did.
231;6;Ann Hathaway brought her role home and nailed it at the end.
231;7;This CD is great, I have it continually playing in my car everywhere I go.
231;8;I am amazed at the ability of the composers of this music and lyrics!
231;9;She really does have a nice voice and I really couldn't have imagined anyone else playing the role the way she did.
231;10;I loved her portrayal of the charcter and wish that she had more songs to sing.
230;1;Johnny's later '90s albums are good, but they are no match to this album, a sonic display of raw talent and vocal growth.
230;2;I still love the underrated hit Fairweather Friend, which has such a cool yet aggressive kind of groove and rhythm.
230;3;Johnny's later '90s albums are good, but they are no match to this album, a sonic display of raw talent and vocal growth.
230;4;I still love the underrated hit Fairweather Friend, which has such a cool yet aggressive kind of groove and rhythm.
230;5;I still love the underrated hit Fairweather Friend, which has such a cool yet aggressive kind of groove and rhythm.
230;6;I still love the underrated hit Fairweather Friend, which has such a cool yet aggressive kind of groove and rhythm.
230;7;I still love the underrated hit Fairweather Friend, which has such a cool yet aggressive kind of groove and rhythm.
230;8;It has a perfect mix of uptempo songs and ballads, with some wonderful production and instrumentation, with some classic lyrics with poweful delivery.
230;9;It's great dance music, and the beats are interesting to listen to.
230;10;I still love the underrated hit Fairweather Friend, which has such a cool yet aggressive kind of groove and rhythm.
229;1;I enjoy every song on this album and it is hard to pick favorites.
229;2;And genuinely cares about the songs and production of what she is vocally interpreting.
229;3;A powerful gospel fueled soul singer,Hudson has always managed to reflect contemporary soul/R&B sounds that's endued with class,good taste and often loads of funkiness.
229;4;And genuinely cares about the songs and production of what she is vocally interpreting.
229;5;And genuinely cares about the songs and production of what she is vocally interpreting.
229;6;And genuinely cares about the songs and production of what she is vocally interpreting.
229;7;And genuinely cares about the songs and production of what she is vocally interpreting.
229;8;I'm not a big, big fan of all JHUD's music selections, but the woman has such a lovely voice and you can't help but listen to her lyrics, she can get down with the best of them.
229;9;JHud make a great dance CD.
229;10;I also love how the songs are not as raunchy as some songs.
228;1;Great for anyone who enjoys rock or poetic lyrics.
228;2;Her lyrics are inspiring and powerfully relevant to the hurt and the broken who look for hope and freedom in Christ from all the pain and uncontrolled behaviors in their lives...I liked almost every second of this album the first time I listened to it.
228;3;The rest of the album is also very good, mostly fast paced songs although they do have a few slower ones on there.
228;4;This is great music from a great band.
228;5;This is great music from a great band.
228;6;This is great music from a great band.
228;7;Even if you're not a religious person, it's nice to have some driving rock sound, fronted by a great female vocalist, with positive lyrics.
228;8;Actually, all but one song I really like, which is pretty rare...Listening to the powerful lyrics combined with the great music can really help bring your spirit up.
228;9;Soaring above the music at times, really fun to listen to...Fireflight is a Christian band, but they're not doing worship music and they don't get preachy.
228;10;I love this album, I hope they keep pumping out great work like this cannot wait to purchase more albums of their's.
227;1;Johnny's later '90s albums are good, but they are no match to this album, a sonic display of raw talent and vocal growth.
227;2;But, he has to be best remembered as the powerful voice that shined on "My My My".
227;3;Johnny's later '90s albums are good, but they are no match to this album, a sonic display of raw talent and vocal growth.
227;4;But, he has to be best remembered as the powerful voice that shined on "My My My".
227;5;But, he has to be best remembered as the powerful voice that shined on "My My My".
227;6;But, he has to be best remembered as the powerful voice that shined on "My My My".
227;7;But, he has to be best remembered as the powerful voice that shined on "My My My".
227;8;It has a perfect mix of uptempo songs and ballads, with some wonderful production and instrumentation, with some classic lyrics with poweful delivery.
227;9;Of Course the album has some enjoyable uptempo dance songs including the very funky Rub You The Right Way.
227;10;This album is filled with body shakin'grooves like "Rub You the Right Way" and "Fairweather Friend", and sensual, romantic midtempos and ballads like "Wrap My Body Tight" and the timeless, "My My My" (when he sings, "Put on your red dress..." it's all over!)
226;1;Dimmu Borgir have been in the black metal scene for a good amount of time but this release has to be their best one.
226;2;Oh and for those who think good production is a bad thing, let me clue you into something, these guys sound just like this live!
226;3;Oh and for those who think good production is a bad thing, let me clue you into something, these guys sound just like this live!
226;4;This album is a masterpiece, plain and simple.
226;5;Puritanical is actually one of my favorite albums by them, because they really focused on the symphonic aspects of their music (ie Hybird Stigmata, Sympozium, and Perfection Or Vanity), so I really get the best of both worlds, that being classical and black metal (obviously)...They have said before their style will always continue to evolve and change.
226;6;Vortex adds clean singing to great effect, and it really lends itself well to the songs that he does this in.
226;7;Strike another triumphant victory for the Devil's Traveling Orchestra!
226;8;Puritanical Euophoric Misanthropia is probably the best Dimmu Borgir effort yet... With this said, I must add that I loved every single Dimmu Borgir previous release, but PEM displays a more mature sound, astonishingly complex music, well thought lyrics, and some of the most amazing drumming you'll ever get a chance hear.
226;9;Kings of the Carnival Creation is fun.
226;10;Puritanical Euophoric Misanthropia is probably the best Dimmu Borgir effort yet... With this said, I must add that I loved every single Dimmu Borgir previous release, but PEM displays a more mature sound, astonishingly complex music, well thought lyrics, and some of the most amazing drumming you'll ever get a chance hear.
225;1;The rest of the album follows in a real classic Overkill style and while I don't think any other songs on the album are as good as these two, it's all around pretty impressive...I won't agree with people who say it's the best thing since Horrorscope (which I've read on many sites,) but I do think it's the best album since Bloodletting (a personal favorite of mine.)
225;2;Its about time the rest of the world woke up!
225;3;The rest of the album follows in a real classic Overkill style and while I don't think any other songs on the album are as good as these two, it's all around pretty impressive...I won't agree with people who say it's the best thing since Horrorscope (which I've read on many sites,) but I do think it's the best album since Bloodletting (a personal favorite of mine.)
225;4;Take this one to the gym with you and you'll never run out of energy!
225;5;The rest of the album follows in a real classic Overkill style and while I don't think any other songs on the album are as good as these two, it's all around pretty impressive...I won't agree with people who say it's the best thing since Horrorscope (which I've read on many sites,) but I do think it's the best album since Bloodletting (a personal favorite of mine.)
225;6;Blitz also has a great clean vocal part when he sings the Endless WARRRROOOOOaaa, which is hard to type i know.
225;7;In Vain-Definitely a great song to drive fast to, killer double bass and reminds you of a thicker beefier Fast Junkie.
225;8;This is retro, and now-tro (from the film a Mighty Wind) and totally neck snapping thrash...The Green and Black is a song that takes its lyrics from the band's infamous colors, and creates a head-banging good time.
225;9;Its about time the rest of the world woke up!
225;10;A great band and great bunch of guys...Although I have already said I love all their music, this is without question one of their best releases.
224;1;Lil Kim did her thing on this album, I was happy that she didn`t have alot of raunchy tracks on this one so I was able to enjoy the whole album.
224;2;Too bad she in jail, and will never got to promote this CD,but she got enough fans, to keep her CD on top.
224;3;She really pours her heart out on every track, especially "Slippin" and "All Good."
224;4;With the "Naked Truth" I can see this one becoming a classic and me burning it from playing it too much.
224;5;No longer are her songs primarily focused on sexually explicit, overtly gangstress lyrics, The Naked Truth shows the hip hop diva evolving into a woman
224;6;I even got the cd home and listened to it with a non-Kim fan .
224;7;With the "Naked Truth" I can see this one becoming a classic and me burning it from playing it too much.
224;8;Too bad she in jail, and will never got to promote this CD,but she got enough fans, to keep her CD on top.
224;9;"La Bella Mafia" was the fun album.
224;10;I am so in love with this album.
254;1;I always had this little thought in my mind that the title of this album referred somehow in the determination of the band itself,as being "their really being good sports" than something involving the sports bar imagery of the cover photography.
254;2;"Bad is Bad" is another classic, "Walkin' on a Thin Line" is a great rocker about the Vietnam Vets, and "You Crack Me Up" is just all out fun.
254;3;I always had this little thought in my mind that the title of this album referred somehow in the determination of the band itself,as being "their really being good sports" than something involving the sports bar imagery of the cover photography.
254;4;I always had this little thought in my mind that the title of this album referred somehow in the determination of the band itself,as being "their really being good sports" than something involving the sports bar imagery of the cover photography.
254;5;I always had this little thought in my mind that the title of this album referred somehow in the determination of the band itself,as being "their really being good sports" than something involving the sports bar imagery of the cover photography.
254;6;A set of nine songs,made with great care and craft and a lot of good ear for clean production and you had yourself a big commercially and creatively successful hit...  The hits are are of course some of the most impressive moments here.
254;7;My personal favorites are the driving dance-rock of "Heart And Soul" that warmly embraces it's post disco influences with a nice slick bassline as well as the thumping "I Want A New Drug".
254;8;"Bad is Bad" is another classic, "Walkin' on a Thin Line" is a great rocker about the Vietnam Vets, and "You Crack Me Up" is just all out fun.
254;9;This is timeless music, and brings on the summer fun!
254;10;i love the 80's music.
255;1;What a really good CD I say buy and I'm guessing you'll like it as well as I do !!!
255;2;The Blues can be strange - songs usually about loss, loneliness, yearning and pain, but in the right hands the music can be uplifting and joyous and that's certainly what we have here.
255;3;What a really good CD I say buy and I'm guessing you'll like it as well as I do !!!
255;4;This band was very successful in the late 60's to early 70's.
255;5;This band was very successful in the late 60's to early 70's.
255;6;This band was very successful in the late 60's to early 70's.
255;7;This band was very successful in the late 60's to early 70's.
255;8;ten years after they did it with their music and lyrics back in the days, and still rocking the world with their albums, alvin lee can expressed with his guitar playing,a unique sound that make you get your" air guitar" and think that you are the performer,his guitar sound will get into you and transported you to 70's-80's era when music was a form of expression that will change the world like Alvin lee & ten years after did.
255;9;It has all of the elements of an excellent party song.
255;10;I'd love to change the world!!
252;1;I cant pick one outstanding track on this cd because all of them are a fantastic mix of metal/rock/blues/punk/"good" rockabilly, showing there influences such as, Johnny Cash, Danzig/Misfits, Social Distortion, Metallica.
252;2;when i discover a new band i usally hear their new stuff then back track to see how their music evolved.volbeat grew like a thousand years in in four years.the music is heavy but upbeat and i can listen to day after day and not get bored.good stuff.
252;3;This disc is just one that proves how good these guys are.
252;4;when i discover a new band i usally hear their new stuff then back track to see how their music evolved.volbeat grew like a thousand years in in four years.the music is heavy but upbeat and i can listen to day after day and not get bored.good stuff.
252;5;when i discover a new band i usally hear their new stuff then back track to see how their music evolved.volbeat grew like a thousand years in in four years.the music is heavy but upbeat and i can listen to day after day and not get bored.good stuff.
252;6;they rock the house and also have some mellower songs that are heart felt,
252;7;"Hallelujah Goat" is the best 'driving on a long trip' song....and the rest of the songs just plain rock!!
252;8;when i discover a new band i usally hear their new stuff then back track to see how their music evolved.volbeat grew like a thousand years in in four years.the music is heavy but upbeat and i can listen to day after day and not get bored.good stuff.
252;9;This CD rocks and is just plain fun.
252;10;Cool tunes, has a couple really good tracks on it.
253;1;These are songs you can enjoy long after they were radio hits, like all good rock.
253;2;If you just want the group most popular songs then this is for you.
253;3;Great if your a fan, still good even if you are not.
253;4;If you just want the group most popular songs then this is for you.
253;5;If you just want the group most popular songs then this is for you.
253;6;A couple years ago, we found a CD case right by our house and took it inside and kept it.
253;7;The whimsical The Tide Is High is top notch as are: Dreaming, the soulful, haunting: In The Flesh, Hanging On The Telephone, of course, the classic Rapture, the bouncy back and forth of One Way Or Another, and of course the classic and driving rhythms of Atomic.
253;8;Debbie Harry expresses every lyric with the most unique voice heard on radio.
253;9;Before Madonna, Britney Spears or Gwen Stefani there was Blondie, fronted by the cinematically gorgeous Deborah Harry the band became one of the most popular of it's day, producing songs that still endure and retain their sense of fun, rebellious, energetic rock n' roll.
253;10;"Heart Of Glass" is a slice of 70's nostalgia that still feels fresh, vibrant and romantic in a spacey sort of way.
250;1;Erykah Badu is a good singer and I all way enjoy her music really good .
250;2;Her music and her singing are truly inspiring.
250;3;Erykah Badu is a good singer and I all way enjoy her music really good .
250;4;Her music and her singing are truly inspiring.
250;5;Eryka Badu is always a human being whom I admire and respect,even more so after reading her recent interview for Waxpoetics magazine.
250;6;Her music and her singing are truly inspiring.
250;7;Her music and her singing are truly inspiring.
250;8;The music accompanied with the lyrics and her vocals are incredible.
250;9;But I played this jam at a party and the WHOLE place went.
250;10;Love it My homegirl is so kool !
251;1;Last year's fun, hook-infested "Green Album" was a nice work by Weezer -- I enjoyed it a lot.
251;2;Yes, maybe the songwriting isn't quite as quirky and awesome as The Blue Album or Pinkerton, but this is still a great album!
251;3;This is almost as good as it gets.
251;4;This is almost as good as it gets.
251;5;This is almost as good as it gets.
251;6;This is almost as good as it gets.
251;7;This is almost as good as it gets.
251;8;In 2001, after a 5 year hiatus (Pinkerton, due to it's extremely personal, non-pop, radio un-friendly lyrics and it's overall feel of emotional claustrophobia flopped.)
251;9;Plus fun to listen to.
251;10;This one has some good songwriting and is somewhat Beatles-reminiscant...Take Control: 10/10- I love this song now!
248;1;The good news is there are other pleasures to be enjoyed besides these.
248;2;Forever the entertainer, Bette Midler pulls out all the stops for this swinging Christmas album, which has something old, something new, something revisited and absolutely nothing to be blue about...Bette treats Christmas favorites with due respect while giving them her special touch, whether she's playfully bantering with Johnny Mathis on "Winter Wonderland/Let it Snow!
248;3;her medley with Johnny Mathis conjures thoughts of Hot Chocolate on the stove...Bette really shines on her reads of Christmas standards, White Christmas, I'll Be Home For Christmas, and What Are You Doing New Years Eve ...The releases standout is her reworking of From A Distance, as this is the season when we yearn for peace, and goodwill towards all mankind, how appropriate this anti-war song is...Cool Yule is a Christmas Classic in the making!
248;4;My heart's on fire, Ooo the flame grows higher
248;5;her medley with Johnny Mathis conjures thoughts of Hot Chocolate on the stove...Bette really shines on her reads of Christmas standards, White Christmas, I'll Be Home For Christmas, and What Are You Doing New Years Eve ...The releases standout is her reworking of From A Distance, as this is the season when we yearn for peace, and goodwill towards all mankind, how appropriate this anti-war song is...Cool Yule is a Christmas Classic in the making!
248;6;her medley with Johnny Mathis conjures thoughts of Hot Chocolate on the stove...Bette really shines on her reads of Christmas standards, White Christmas, I'll Be Home For Christmas, and What Are You Doing New Years Eve ...The releases standout is her reworking of From A Distance, as this is the season when we yearn for peace, and goodwill towards all mankind, how appropriate this anti-war song is...Cool Yule is a Christmas Classic in the making!
248;7;My heart's on fire, Ooo the flame grows higher
248;8;The lyrics are beautiful and just as touching, if not more, than the original...All in all, Midler sounds FABulous and the arrangements are perfect and stunning.
248;9;Here we have a mix of beautiful traditional songs, and some great fun reads as well...Mele Kalikimaka is a great nod to Bette's home state of Hawaii, and how appropriate this song was first made a Christmas staple by the Andrews Sisters, and Bing Crosby.
248;10;have purchased the last couple of years...I loved it from beginning to end.
249;1;All 10 songs are really good and fun and fit well together.
249;2;The first two songs on the album are wonderful as is her up-tempo dance number, Dance Your Pain Away.
249;3;The album is instantly catchy without being common, showcasing the Swede's (Elofsson and Nordahl in this case) mastery of melody ---melodies so good no doubt they could be labeled or confused for "formulaic"...Two songs are stand-outs as well as instant classics for me, and among the 10 most beautiful solo songs Agnetha has ever recorded, The One Who Loves You Now, & I Was A Flower:.
249;4;The lyrics are mature, deep and yet playful at times.
249;5;It can very well be enjoyed at a low volume too - for sober and quiet listening pleasure, especially while reading at night.
249;6;I Should Have Followed You Home (with Gary Barlow) --- A grand and gorgeous song full of tenderness, displaying the most "current" sound and production on the album.
249;7;The lyrics are mature, deep and yet playful at times.
249;8;It has a sad lyric with a bright and uplifting melody "a la ABBA's S.O.S".
249;9;The first two songs on the album are wonderful as is her up-tempo dance number, Dance Your Pain Away.
249;10;The album closer "I keep them on the floor..." comes out and says what "when you really loved someone" only hints at.
246;1;I have always enjoyed your music.
246;2;Mary allows you to experience her pains and trials through her music and voice.
246;3;This is one of Mary's good CD's.
246;4;I'm impressed that Mary stepped out of her comfort zone on a few songs.
246;5;Some of the reviews that I have read have crushed this album but in her defense she has enough classic albums to forgive her from this effort.
246;6;so people out their who is going through so much in life at work home and in relationships please pray to our heavenly father and every thing will be ok but back to mary i have been a fan since elementary school and i still love her sound and voice and i always will.
246;7;Mary is back to her roots, very r&b/hip hop driven on this album and the majority of the tracks are great.
246;8;I love the lyrics in that song.
246;9;I'm impressed that Mary stepped out of her comfort zone on a few songs.
246;10;I love the lyrics in that song.
247;1;These songs have rock-octane, but the traditional elements are so genuine, so well grounded, you get the spiciest of both...It is a good thing I have a remote.
247;2;But this happens to me often and I take the point--play the damn album...So, thirteen years late I just did, and though I am now hobbling around my house, the pain is worth it...What makes Liege and Lief so great is how it puts Celtic into Rock and Rock into Celtic.
247;3;Reynardine is one of the most haunting and beautiful songs I've ever heard, Sandy Denny has a warm and inviting voice that just takes you to magical places...The real centerpiece is the 8 minute epic Matty Groves, the English version of Shady Grove, in which a peasant sleeps with a noble wife, only to have him and the wife killed by her husband.
247;4;The arrangement may be less tight than the "Full House" version, but still a great addition to a timeless album.
247;5;It certainly was a major influence on my own musical development after many years of study of classical violin.
247;6;But this happens to me often and I take the point--play the damn album...So, thirteen years late I just did, and though I am now hobbling around my house, the pain is worth it...What makes Liege and Lief so great is how it puts Celtic into Rock and Rock into Celtic.
247;7;Dave Mattacks driving drums, Ashley Hutchings incredible Bass, and Dave Swarbrick violin and viola, culminate into the driving force of the Fairport Convention.
247;8;The arrangement may be less tight than the "Full House" version, but still a great addition to a timeless album.
247;9;The group also does an excellent instrumental medley, a joyful mixture of sounds that threatens to make you dance like a crazy person.
247;10;What follows are some really progressive folk songs that range from ballads, like the exciting "Matty Groves" (which, incidentally, rocks pretty hard at the ending instrumental section), the heavy riffing of "Tam Lin" (which must have been an influence on Jethro Tull), and the tragic "Crazy Man Michael," love songs like "Farewell, Farewell," and a great instrumental medley...Musically, Sandy Denny's voice is great and the guitar work is a highlight.
244;1;So sit back and enjoy the Otis experience of real Soul.
244;2;So sit back and enjoy the Otis experience of real Soul.
244;3;If you're new to Soul music then this is an enjoyable road to begin and especially good to stimulate your curiosity of Otis's other works of art.
244;4;So sit back and enjoy the Otis experience of real Soul.
244;5;So sit back and enjoy the Otis experience of real Soul.
244;6;Now off course for this to be successful he needs outstanding musicians and here he has them in the form of Stax's house band Booker T and The MG's and the horns of The Mar-Keys, which together makes a formidable combination...This is a special album because most times I have to play it twice, as it brings back memories of life when I first heard it back in 1965 and memories which are still here today.
244;7;The first is a gospel  driven tune, the second is pop music and the third is frenzied shouter.
244;8;What  I'm saying that if soul is about expressing powerful emotion through your  voice, no-one was better.
244;9;Shake, a second cover of Sam Cooke, lightens up the mood and is just a fun dance song.
244;10;I love a lot of bluesy music, and you can't beat Otis Redding.
245;1;I am writing this just to share the fact that i really enjoyed this album.
245;2;There's not a bad song to be found here and you can hear that Zakk is pulling from a diverse range of influences while maintaining his trademark style.
245;3;Great to hear Zakk and the boys turn it up a notch after the good but no so great Shot To Hell.
245;4;When I was almost home I thought about going back to the gym!
245;5;Goerge's review was spot on and i would recommend reading it.
245;6;When I was almost home I thought about going back to the gym!
245;7;This is very much Zakk, and travels through his many musical moods.
245;8;You can listen to the lyrics as well as get going with great music.
245;9;It is fun material for anyone who loves the music, and loves what Zakk.can do.
245;10;Zakk steals the show with something much more articulated and magically musically alluring and overall winning popular mass appeal (my favorite BLS, loved it the very first time I heard it!
242;1;It's loud in a good way that hooks you without being dumb.
242;2;BUT... great is great so I personally do not see reason to use the similarity to prior works as a significant negative.
242;3;It's loud in a good way that hooks you without being dumb.
242;4;I like all of disturbs music so I like this album
242;5;I think the best way to enjoy this song would be to focus on the guitar or the vocals separately.
242;6;I like all of disturbs music so I like this album
242;7;I like all of disturbs music so I like this album
242;8;I love the guitar riffs, the lyrics, the way David's voice carries, I love everything about this song.
242;9;I like all of disturbs music so I like this album
242;10;One of the best groups out there and I have loved everything they have created thus far.
243;1;"Come a Little Bit Closer" is well done--even though this version is in Spanish it just plain sounds so good I think you'll enjoy it anyway!
243;2;(He's) Raining in My Sunshine" is sad yet beautiful as they sing this to perfection--and beyond!
243;3;"Only In America" got lots of airplay when it was released by this group
243;4;(He's) Raining in My Sunshine" is sad yet beautiful as they sing this to perfection--and beyond!
243;5;(He's) Raining in My Sunshine" is sad yet beautiful as they sing this to perfection--and beyond!
243;6;"Why Can't You Bring Me Home" features Jay & The Americans doing yet another wonderful job
243;7;(He's) Raining in My Sunshine" is sad yet beautiful as they sing this to perfection--and beyond!
243;8;(He's) Raining in My Sunshine" is sad yet beautiful as they sing this to perfection--and beyond!
243;9;This album brought back those fun memories.
243;10;"What Will My Mary Say" is another cover that is so very poignant when Jay & The Americans deliver it faultlessly..."This Magic Moment" stuns me with its natural beauty
240;1;Its a great cd that people who enjoy country music thats not so traditional.
240;2;I Am A Dj and this is the best place to get music and it is always as reported never gotten a bad cd
240;3;I Am A Dj and this is the best place to get music and it is always as reported never gotten a bad cd
240;4;I chose this rating because I have always loved Johnny Paycheck's music and the song "Take This Job" is one of my favorites.
240;5;I chose this rating because I have always loved Johnny Paycheck's music and the song "Take This Job" is one of my favorites.
240;6;I chose this rating because I have always loved Johnny Paycheck's music and the song "Take This Job" is one of my favorites.
240;7;I chose this rating because I have always loved Johnny Paycheck's music and the song "Take This Job" is one of my favorites.
240;8;I Am A Dj and this is the best place to get music and it is always as reported never gotten a bad cd
240;9;I chose this rating because I have always loved Johnny Paycheck's music and the song "Take This Job" is one of my favorites.
240;10;I chose this rating because I have always loved Johnny Paycheck's music and the song "Take This Job" is one of my favorites.
241;1;It doesn't get much more rootsy than this...The album opens with "True Love Will Never Fade", a song about a tattoo artist (he got the idea from a book called The Electric Michelangelo - a good read, by the way), and it's clear with the first verse that his voice is improving with every album.
241;2;I can pretend to be an intellectual --- I've usually got some book on the go.
241;3;It doesn't get much more rootsy than this...The album opens with "True Love Will Never Fade", a song about a tattoo artist (he got the idea from a book called The Electric Michelangelo - a good read, by the way), and it's clear with the first verse that his voice is improving with every album.
241;4;I can pretend to be an intellectual --- I've usually got some book on the go.
241;5;It doesn't get much more rootsy than this...The album opens with "True Love Will Never Fade", a song about a tattoo artist (he got the idea from a book called The Electric Michelangelo - a good read, by the way), and it's clear with the first verse that his voice is improving with every album.
241;6;Heard this today while Christmas shopping for music--Then came home and bought it here.
241;7;And the charm of it all is that, in his songs, one of rock's greatest icons still seems to see himself as a bit player in a traveling carnival...Knopfler lives in London.
241;8;Many of the songs are short stories in miniature
241;9;He makes you see the characters--like the Scaffolder's Wife, or the kid learning to waltz for the upcoming Christmas dance-- real people.
241;10;I love the romantic "True Love Will Never Fade" and the sweet "Secondary Waltz".
275;1;I can honestly say that I enjoy listening to every track on this album and this album is the indicator of what would come from this band in the future.
275;2;Standout cuts include "Everybody" (the long form version), "Down Home Girl", "Time", "Down the Road Appiece" (smoking guitar from my man Keith), "Satisfied" (great slide work from Brian, of course)and a excellently soulful rendition of Otis Redding's "Pain in My Heart".
275;3;It is so good - bought the new blues album, Lonesome Blues, which is really good.
275;4;It shows the band doing what they love, being a blues band.
275;5;If you're a fan, it is a must read!
275;6;The Band absolutely cooks on this one.
275;7;Then a ride in that brand new souped up aeromobile Berry so poetically evokes, and that the Stones drive with casual aplomb.
275;8;Excellent guitar work and great lyrics.
275;9;But it really sounds fresh today and that makes it fun to listen to.
275;10;It shows the band doing what they love, being a blues band.
274;1;Some of the subject matter is iffy, but I'd say about 8 songs here are fantastic.
274;2;It's too bad he's out of the band...  I'm 44 and I still love a good thrash CD to get the blood flowing.
274;3;It's too bad he's out of the band...  I'm 44 and I still love a good thrash CD to get the blood flowing.
274;4;The songs (I do take exception with a song or two), for the most part, are almost perfect.
274;5;The songs (I do take exception with a song or two), for the most part, are almost perfect.
274;6;The songs (I do take exception with a song or two), for the most part, are almost perfect.
274;7;The songs (I do take exception with a song or two), for the most part, are almost perfect.
274;8;It's too bad he's out of the band...  I'm 44 and I still love a good thrash CD to get the blood flowing.
274;9;Lots of fun to listen to!
274;10;I've always loved this album.
273;1;Open To Ideas is a soft rocker and also a bit dull, while Rock Me, as a rare Ian McLagan solo original, does just that, keeping the past swift and fun...The booklet is good, containing an intro from Ian MacLagan, a history and appreciation by David Fricke, and an afterword by Ian with some words for the sadly-departed Ronnie Lane.
273;2;serves as a great 1 disc introduction but this is the real deal for fans giving the listener a lot more and a needed purchase for fans of this true blue rock band who were a bunch of mates having a good time akin in the spirit of the Rolling stones both in spirit and sound.
273;3;You're So Rude - from "A Nod's As Good As A Wink..." album.
273;4;You're So Rude - from "A Nod's As Good As A Wink..." album.
273;5;You're So Rude - from "A Nod's As Good As A Wink..." album.
273;6;You're So Rude - from "A Nod's As Good As A Wink..." album.
273;7;But he's also the driving force in hard rocking songs like "Miss Judy's Farm" and "Stay With Me."
273;8;Sad, but true  all good things have to come to an end.
273;9;It really captures the fun of the band and the lightning-in-a-bottle magic of their 4 studio albums.
273;10;However, consider the technology at the time and the fact that this was a band who all loved to drink constantly, then these rehearsals become amusing...This box set is actually a labor of love from their keyboard player Ian McLagan, who now lives in Austin, Texas.
272;1;Jaheim made a good come back.
272;2;My hat goes off to you brother who has one of the greatest voices of our time.
272;3;Jaheim made a good come back.
272;4;My hat goes off to you brother who has one of the greatest voices of our time.
272;5;Reading your woman like a book with the signs she gives and being in tune with her is the focus on What She Really Means, something us men should pay attention to more.
272;6;My hat goes off to you brother who has one of the greatest voices of our time.
272;7;My hat goes off to you brother who has one of the greatest voices of our time.
272;8;I've always been a big fan of Jaheim, but I personally always could do without the explicit lyrics.
272;9;"Sexting" a fun song that anyone in a fun loving relationship can relate to.
272;10;love it and will continue to listen
279;1;Well, I finally acquired the CD and am very happy with it.
279;2;But this happens to me often and I take the point--play the damn album...So, thirteen years late I just did, and though I am now hobbling around my house, the pain is worth it...What makes Liege and Lief so great is how it puts Celtic into Rock and Rock into Celtic.
279;3;All songs here are very good with the epic TammLinn the standout.
279;4;Dave Mattacks seemed to have the right temperament, was an excellent drummer, and above all made a superb centre half for the Fairport's football team.
279;5;It certainly was a major influence on my own musical development after many years of study of classical violin.
279;6;Maybe they could create a repertoire as English as the Band was American...Ashley Hutchings and Sandy Denny shared a love for old traditional English folk songs , almost everyday the two of them would arrive back at the house with reams of new songs to show and play for their friends and band mates.
279;7;Dave Mattacks driving drums, Ashley Hutchings incredible Bass, and Dave Swarbrick violin and viola, culminate into the driving force of the Fairport Convention.
279;8;Dave Mattacks seemed to have the right temperament, was an excellent drummer, and above all made a superb centre half for the Fairport's football team.
279;9;The group also does an excellent instrumental medley, a joyful mixture of sounds that threatens to make you dance like a crazy person.
279;10;Maybe they could create a repertoire as English as the Band was American...Ashley Hutchings and Sandy Denny shared a love for old traditional English folk songs , almost everyday the two of them would arrive back at the house with reams of new songs to show and play for their friends and band mates.
278;1;"Look Sharp" is one of those albums like the Rolling Stones' "Between the Buttons" in which no particular song stands out as being extremely great, but the songs are so consistently good that the  cumulative effect is completely enjoyable.
278;2;There is not a bad song on this CD, it is Joe Jackson at his best.
278;3;"Look Sharp" is one of those albums like the Rolling Stones' "Between the Buttons" in which no particular song stands out as being extremely great, but the songs are so consistently good that the  cumulative effect is completely enjoyable.
278;4;was the top pop single of 1979, and "Look Sharp!"
278;5;was the top pop single of 1979, and "Look Sharp!"
278;6;was the top pop single of 1979, and "Look Sharp!"
278;7;was the top pop single of 1979, and "Look Sharp!"
278;8;SCOTT SCHINDER provides two pages of informative and affection liner notes - you get lyrics to all the songs including the two album outtakes that turned up as B-sides ("Don't Ask Me" and "You Got The Fever") including four A&M trade adverts for the singles and album.
278;9;There is not a weak track on this album - every one of them makes me want to get up and dance or sing along - but what surprised me about the songs is how funny many of them are.
278;10;," "Happy Loving Couples," "Fools In Love," and "Pretty Girls," Jackson presents himself on the one hand as a man of integrity seeking genuine depth in love (and elsewhere), but leavens his stance with a wry, self-effacing humor, revealing his own vulnerability to loneliness and to purely physical attraction.
277;1;Seriously good rythym and drums.
277;2;When the drummer.raises out of his seat to bang harder on the drum, for the next down beat you have something very special.
277;3;Seriously good rythym and drums.
277;4;When the drummer.raises out of his seat to bang harder on the drum, for the next down beat you have something very special.
277;5;So I read about the band and discovered their debut album has been released in the USA finally and I hunted it down after hearing the song "Escape".
277;6;When the drummer.raises out of his seat to bang harder on the drum, for the next down beat you have something very special.
277;7;Original, good lyrics and mostly driven beats throughout.
277;8;Original, good lyrics and mostly driven beats throughout.
277;9;Great catchy multilayered music, bouncy, happy, make you want to dance, sing along.
277;10;Awesome band, I love them.
276;1;Good music & nice harmonies, too...This "Now 48" compilation is most definitely recommended & to be enjoyed.
276;2;Just love it and the price too.
276;3;Good listening and dancing and workout music.
276;4;Good listening and dancing and workout music.
276;5;Just love it and the price too.
276;6;I love listening to clean music.
276;7;I was beginning to get disappointed with the NOW series to the point that I couldn't keep listening to them in my car but this is a good release and it has restored my love for this series.
276;8;This song is great & has a lot of potential,  I really love this song w/ such cheerful & positive lyrics.
276;9;Lana Del Rey lends her talent with the great dance hit song "Summer Time Sadness".
276;10;Just love it and the price too.
283;1;There were indeed others who thought of her voice as ugly, but one only has to listen to this recording of Puccini's Tosca to see the beauty reflected within the whirlpool of Callas' emotions.
283;2;my favorite musical part is the music that sounds whenever the bad guy Scarpia is mentioned or sings, it is most cool power music.
283;3;So, if you're still reading this, please lets have peace.
283;4;Now to say whose recording of Tosca is and will always be the greatest recording, it is Maria Callas.
283;5;So, if you're still reading this, please lets have peace.
283;6;I realize it is recorded in pre stereo hifi, but it is still spacious and clean.
283;7;finer ears than mine may find Callas wanting, as i see in professional reviews, but to this 1971 high school graduate Callas is the best sounding female singer i've ever heard, which is weird and wonderful to my 20th century ears because most female opera sopranos sound like screetchy car wrecks to me.
283;8;There were indeed others who thought of her voice as ugly, but one only has to listen to this recording of Puccini's Tosca to see the beauty reflected within the whirlpool of Callas' emotions.
283;9;Now to say whose recording of Tosca is and will always be the greatest recording, it is Maria Callas.
283;10;I absolutely love this beautiful recording of Tosca, I'll treasure it always.
282;1;Listen to this group and enjoy the harmony that they have,I think you will enjoy thier singing as much as I do.
282;2;Listen to this group and enjoy the harmony that they have,I think you will enjoy thier singing as much as I do.
282;3;A good buy and arrived fast.
282;4;Listen to this group and enjoy the harmony that they have,I think you will enjoy thier singing as much as I do.
282;5;Listen to this group and enjoy the harmony that they have,I think you will enjoy thier singing as much as I do.
282;6;This is one of the best C D's, I purchased this for my 95 year old mother who lives in a nursing home, she listenes to it almost every day and it is a favorite of some of her friends there also.
282;7;Listen to this group and enjoy the harmony that they have,I think you will enjoy thier singing as much as I do.
282;8;Listen to this group and enjoy the harmony that they have,I think you will enjoy thier singing as much as I do.
282;9;Finally, Dailey & Vincent are full of personality and fun to watch and listen to.
282;10;love bluegrass and what amazing voices and blend these 2 guys have.
281;1;You will enjoy the beauty of the instrumentation and vocals in this remaster, so put on the Carpenters, sit back and relax with a good cup of coffee.
281;2;You will enjoy the beauty of the instrumentation and vocals in this remaster, so put on the Carpenters, sit back and relax with a good cup of coffee.
281;3;You will enjoy the beauty of the instrumentation and vocals in this remaster, so put on the Carpenters, sit back and relax with a good cup of coffee.
281;4;You will enjoy the beauty of the instrumentation and vocals in this remaster, so put on the Carpenters, sit back and relax with a good cup of coffee.
281;5;You will enjoy the beauty of the instrumentation and vocals in this remaster, so put on the Carpenters, sit back and relax with a good cup of coffee.
281;6;You will enjoy the beauty of the instrumentation and vocals in this remaster, so put on the Carpenters, sit back and relax with a good cup of coffee.
281;7;You will enjoy the beauty of the instrumentation and vocals in this remaster, so put on the Carpenters, sit back and relax with a good cup of coffee.
281;8;Not only are the lyrics amazing, their voices are beautiful.
281;9;Next is "Saturday", a short, fun, Carpenter/Bettis song with Richard's lead.
281;10;I love listening to it.
280;1;This album is very good and easy to listen to.
280;2;After the seminal and darkly meditative BLUE, Joni Mitchell finally showed what she was capable of with simple, unobtrusive instrumentation and complex, the-definition-of-poetic songwriting.
280;3;This album is very good and easy to listen to.
280;4;As with her other early work up through Court and Spark, the compositions are compelling, the lyrics are also and her voice is graceful and athletic.
280;5;Be sure and read the lyrics at least the first few times you listen to the CD.
280;6;She's been gone 4 years now, but I always play this when I go home to visit.
280;7;"For The Roses," the album's title track, is perhaps the most significant song on the album, and really drives home Joni's message about the music industry.
280;8;As with her other early work up through Court and Spark, the compositions are compelling, the lyrics are also and her voice is graceful and athletic.
280;9;The great beauty here is that she doles up wonderful ballads between the dance numbers.
280;10;This is coupled with the brilliant "Electricity," a clever song that uses the nature of electricity as a metaphor for the nature of love.
287;1;There is, of course, more here than just making music: Like in 'Never Say  Die', the lyrics of TE reveal personal conflict and conviction, spiritual  quest, social awareness and strong emotions, and these messages come  straight from the heart.
287;2;I simply cannot believe the negative reviews of this album by many of my fellow Sabbath "fans"... This album was a landmark in the way of production when it came out and it also blows away "Never Say Die", which I also thought was an excellent album.
287;3;The album cover art was done by Hipgnosis (they did the covers for Pink Floyd/late 70s Genesis/Yes etc.) - it is not a bad cover...All in all, this is a very good Black Sabbath album that has, in my opinion, been unfairly criticized.
287;4;There is, of course, more here than just making music: Like in 'Never Say  Die', the lyrics of TE reveal personal conflict and conviction, spiritual  quest, social awareness and strong emotions, and these messages come  straight from the heart.
287;5;There is, of course, more here than just making music: Like in 'Never Say  Die', the lyrics of TE reveal personal conflict and conviction, spiritual  quest, social awareness and strong emotions, and these messages come  straight from the heart.
287;6;There is, of course, more here than just making music: Like in 'Never Say  Die', the lyrics of TE reveal personal conflict and conviction, spiritual  quest, social awareness and strong emotions, and these messages come  straight from the heart.
287;7;There is, of course, more here than just making music: Like in 'Never Say  Die', the lyrics of TE reveal personal conflict and conviction, spiritual  quest, social awareness and strong emotions, and these messages come  straight from the heart.
287;8;There is, of course, more here than just making music: Like in 'Never Say  Die', the lyrics of TE reveal personal conflict and conviction, spiritual  quest, social awareness and strong emotions, and these messages come  straight from the heart.
287;9;I hear Ozzy singing really well and he is also having fun.
287;10;It was in great shape and I love the music, play it all the time.
286;1;The music is so good....the musicians so talented....Clean your house, drink wine, stretch, dance, paint or draw...its even perfect when you are folding the laundry!
286;2;I have friends who have heard the Goat Rodeo Sessions and hate it because it isn't pure Bluegrass, but it seems to me that the heritage of Bluegrass is so diverse that adding a bit of classical, and even a bit of minimalism to the mix isn't a bad thing at all.
286;3;The music is so good....the musicians so talented....Clean your house, drink wine, stretch, dance, paint or draw...its even perfect when you are folding the laundry!
286;4;I understand and appreciate the creative and artistic accomplishment of music like what is contained on the 2008 Meyer/Thile album.
286;5;If you are reading this review, just check out the amazing video above of the quartet playing.
286;6;The music is so good....the musicians so talented....Clean your house, drink wine, stretch, dance, paint or draw...its even perfect when you are folding the laundry!
286;7;The fire and drive of the bluegrass world meets with the clarity and class of the classical world, and something new is born...Edgar Meyer and Yo-Yo Ma have collaborated successfully before on albums such as&nbsp
286;8;It's technically classified as bluegrass, but it has a distinctly Celtic feel that tugs at all the right emotions and makes my heart sing.
286;9;The music is so good....the musicians so talented....Clean your house, drink wine, stretch, dance, paint or draw...its even perfect when you are folding the laundry!
286;10;Love anything with YoYo Ma.
285;1;The closing track, 'Good Girls, Bad Guys' is a light and fun track that isn't something you'd expect from D but it's welcomed and enjoyable with memerable lines.
285;2;The closing track, 'Good Girls, Bad Guys' is a light and fun track that isn't something you'd expect from D but it's welcomed and enjoyable with memerable lines.
285;3;The closing track, 'Good Girls, Bad Guys' is a light and fun track that isn't something you'd expect from D but it's welcomed and enjoyable with memerable lines.
285;4;X's cd's are similar, similarly good.
285;5;What makes DMX such a great artist is that he is able to dwell on his mistakes and, instead of incouraging the behavior he focuses on the terrible after affects it's had on his life.
285;6;X's cd's are similar, similarly good.
285;7;Blasting "Party Up" and "One More Road To Cross" in my car is great.
285;8;In other words, he doesn't go from rap to R&B suddenly...The best thing about this album is that it's so dark and it stays dark using a series of implicative lyrics.
285;9;The tracks party up and Good Girls, Bad Guys are great party/crusin anthems, but best of all these tracks are fun to listen to.
285;10;I honestly love listening to him to and from work in traffic.
284;1;I could listen to "Amor" anytime--this music is all THAT good..."Young Boy Blues" has Ben E. King squarely front and center--which is right where he belongs!
284;2;If your a Ben E. King fan and don't have any or all of these songs on recordings, this is your time to score!
284;3;I could listen to "Amor" anytime--this music is all THAT good..."Young Boy Blues" has Ben E. King squarely front and center--which is right where he belongs!
284;4;If your a Ben E. King fan and don't have any or all of these songs on recordings, this is your time to score!
284;5;If your a Ben E. King fan and don't have any or all of these songs on recordings, this is your time to score!
284;6;If your a Ben E. King fan and don't have any or all of these songs on recordings, this is your time to score!
284;7;If your a Ben E. King fan and don't have any or all of these songs on recordings, this is your time to score!
284;8;If your a Ben E. King fan and don't have any or all of these songs on recordings, this is your time to score!
284;9;It has also been translated into several languages and many great covers have been recorded in France, Germany and elsewhere...Following the success of Save the last dance for me, Ben opted for a solo career.
284;10;Honest love and truthful discussions of life.
258;1;fantastic music of the 80's
258;2;fantastic music of the 80's
258;3;Good quality and it came on time.
258;4;fantastic music of the 80's
258;5;Bring back those memories of the girl you had the crush on who wore the T-shirt that read 'Frankie says Relax', and the sexy robot droids from Robert Palmer's 'Addicted to Love'...Give me the 80's or give me death!
258;6;The Stray Cats do a magnificent job on "Rock This Town
258;7;A trip down memory lane!
258;8;"Video Killed the Radio Star" got played so much on the radio I knew all the lyrics by heart!
258;9;I bought this cd for a 1980s-themed party, and all the guests loved it!
258;10;I bought this cd for a 1980s-themed party, and all the guests loved it!
259;1;He also has a DVD of his live concert available and it's so much fun to watch him play because his personality (not to mention his good looks) really shine.
259;2;What can I say - enjoy all David Garrett CD's & listen to one or more of the CD's each and every day!
259;3;He also has a DVD of his live concert available and it's so much fun to watch him play because his personality (not to mention his good looks) really shine.
259;4;What can I say - enjoy all David Garrett CD's & listen to one or more of the CD's each and every day!
259;5;What can I say - enjoy all David Garrett CD's & listen to one or more of the CD's each and every day!
259;6;What can I say - enjoy all David Garrett CD's & listen to one or more of the CD's each and every day!
259;7;This CD has been played quite often already and is most enjoyable in the car with the volume turned up high.
259;8;Unique classical music that really engages my emotions.
259;9;He also has a DVD of his live concert available and it's so much fun to watch him play because his personality (not to mention his good looks) really shine.
259;10;I love his music....no more comments...
256;1;Was so happy to find a full and complete library of great music in this c/d and for the price was just a must have!!
256;2;This has just about all my favorite Ozzy songs on it.
256;3;The tracklist itself is pretty good.
256;4;This has just about all my favorite Ozzy songs on it.
256;5;This has just about all my favorite Ozzy songs on it.
256;6;This has just about all my favorite Ozzy songs on it.
256;7;Old ladies such as myself enjoy Ozzy, LOUD, and especially in the car !
256;8;Great lyrics and riff, as well as a two minute inerlude that includes one of Zakk Wylde's greatest solos ever.
256;9;This has just about all my favorite Ozzy songs on it.
256;10;One thing I love about Ozzy is that he takes time to write every album.
257;1;So if you like good Hip Hop and aren't offended easily then this album is perfect.
257;2;Guilt Trip:  Another great song.
257;3;So if you like good Hip Hop and aren't offended easily then this album is perfect.
257;4;It is a good song for your workout playlist though.
257;5;If you want good production with catchy/smart lyrics stop reading...This is perhaps one of the most ambitious albums ever produced, perhaps even the greatest.
257;6;Play it at home, blast it.
257;7;Guilt Trip:  Another great song.
257;8;His flow is undeniable and the lyrics are pretty good.
257;9;There are elements of hip hop, industrial techno, dance music, punk rock, soul, jazz,nine inch nails, bjork, daft punk, Rick Rubin and more to this sophisticated album.
257;10;As for the rest of the album, I still love the last 6 tracks the most.
262;1;I'll give special mention to the song Hel, as it is really good but done in a different style than everything else on here.
262;2;This is a fantastic track, too bad it will probably never be performed live.
262;3;I'll give special mention to the song Hel, as it is really good but done in a different style than everything else on here.
262;4;Up next, track eight "Hel" is another amazing piece of pure epicness, and a powerhouse of a chugger that is highlighted by monstrous, massive, chugging riffage, pounding bass, and a great, mid-tempo driven beat throughout, plus more heavily deep, brutal, and monstrous low death growls being offset with some near Bruce Dickinson-esque, power metal worthy singing vocals courtesy of ex-Candlemass vocalist Messiah Marcolin.
262;5;Up next, track eight "Hel" is another amazing piece of pure epicness, and a powerhouse of a chugger that is highlighted by monstrous, massive, chugging riffage, pounding bass, and a great, mid-tempo driven beat throughout, plus more heavily deep, brutal, and monstrous low death growls being offset with some near Bruce Dickinson-esque, power metal worthy singing vocals courtesy of ex-Candlemass vocalist Messiah Marcolin.
262;6;Up next, track eight "Hel" is another amazing piece of pure epicness, and a powerhouse of a chugger that is highlighted by monstrous, massive, chugging riffage, pounding bass, and a great, mid-tempo driven beat throughout, plus more heavily deep, brutal, and monstrous low death growls being offset with some near Bruce Dickinson-esque, power metal worthy singing vocals courtesy of ex-Candlemass vocalist Messiah Marcolin.
262;7;Up next, track eight "Hel" is another amazing piece of pure epicness, and a powerhouse of a chugger that is highlighted by monstrous, massive, chugging riffage, pounding bass, and a great, mid-tempo driven beat throughout, plus more heavily deep, brutal, and monstrous low death growls being offset with some near Bruce Dickinson-esque, power metal worthy singing vocals courtesy of ex-Candlemass vocalist Messiah Marcolin.
262;8;On all fronts from the always impressive guttural vocals, and epic Viking/Norse Mythology-themed lyrics, to the amazingly brutal yet classy, melodic riffing, and intense, speeding double bass drumming, this album slays like a beast from start to finish...For this album, Amon Amarth decided to go with Andy Sneap to produce, and his production on this album here is just crisp and amazing throughout, no questions asked.
262;9;It's so fun to listen to these guys.
262;10;Subject matter aside (being about Loki very interesting) because that already scored major points with me, I love the intensity of the music and vocals, very heavy but yet still very clear.
263;1;'Go tell it on the Mountain' and 'Winter Wonderland' are  two fun and upbeat songs.
263;2;The new version of 'Hands' is gorgeous and  inspirational.
263;3;"Silent Night" is My favorite track from her, and she does a good job and it's a nice one to relax to, as well as her "O Holy Night".
263;4;The new version of 'Hands' is gorgeous and  inspirational.
263;5;This is a good one, especially if you are looking for a background to sitting with a good book and a cup of tea or cocoa reading a book on a winter's afternoon.
263;6;The new version of 'Hands' is gorgeous and  inspirational.
263;7;The new version of 'Hands' is gorgeous and  inspirational.
263;8;Her voice is pure,and she plays guitar very  well,with intense emotion!
263;9;'Go tell it on the Mountain' and 'Winter Wonderland' are  two fun and upbeat songs.
263;10;I highly encourage anyone who loves that special Spirit of Christmas to get this CD by JEWEL because it will touch your heart and enlighten your spirit, as well as become a tradition to your every Christmas.
260;1;Amazing, simply amazing having all this songs and music in 2 cds is really really good, I enjoy it a lot.
260;2;I really enjoyed so many of the songs in this soundtrack that it is hard for me to pinpoint the favorites on this one.
260;3;Amazing, simply amazing having all this songs and music in 2 cds is really really good, I enjoy it a lot.
260;4;I really enjoyed so many of the songs in this soundtrack that it is hard for me to pinpoint the favorites on this one.
260;5;I really enjoyed so many of the songs in this soundtrack that it is hard for me to pinpoint the favorites on this one.
260;6;No, this is one of those discs that you listen to to remember the movies, the earlier tracks are perfect for that vintage themed cocktail party you always plan to have and the later tracks can readily find a home in just about any playlist.
260;7;I really enjoyed so many of the songs in this soundtrack that it is hard for me to pinpoint the favorites on this one.
260;8;I really enjoyed so many of the songs in this soundtrack that it is hard for me to pinpoint the favorites on this one.
260;9;No, this is one of those discs that you listen to to remember the movies, the earlier tracks are perfect for that vintage themed cocktail party you always plan to have and the later tracks can readily find a home in just about any playlist.
260;10;I love Bond and I love the themes.
261;1;There's a lot of fun here too, which speaks to the artist not taking herself too seriously (also evident in the sleeve notes), and that's a good check valve to have.
261;2;Even her new association with Bad Boy mogul Sean "P Diddy" Combs seems a bit odd when placed against Mone's musical mosaic...Nonetheless, it is such a welcome relief to hear and see someone breaking out of the comforts of today's genre-defining conventions.
261;3;When Mone arrived, I was really good!
261;4;In the video, she sings along to Scar's very nice voice: "My heart is like a marching band/ I'm a fan in the stands/ Yes I am/ and I'm hollering hey baby /saying hey baby."
261;5;I read some of the reviews on amazon and it got my attention.
261;6;The movement from "both" to "us" in these lyrics speaks to the power of the universal that is housed in the particular.
261;7;In the video, she sings along to Scar's very nice voice: "My heart is like a marching band/ I'm a fan in the stands/ Yes I am/ and I'm hollering hey baby /saying hey baby."
261;8;The movement from "both" to "us" in these lyrics speaks to the power of the universal that is housed in the particular.
261;9;i laugh, i cry, i dance, sing & SHOUT!
261;10;Innovative, loved the kind of jazzy & modern sounds!
266;1;All of them are good, however...Most of this is from the 1989 concert but I enjoyed the three songs from the '83 concert the most.
266;2;Some of his best-loved classics are to be found here.
266;3;His eye contact with the audience and his smiling, relaxed demeanor in the 1989 concert make apparent  the clear-headedness and joy that resulted in his superb final album, much of which is showcased here.
266;4;Some of his best-loved classics are to be found here.
266;5;Some of his best-loved classics are to be found here.
266;6;His aggressive playing style and talent for creating unique yet classically-styled blues are on display in full force, and the joy he takes in playing his music is clear in the later concert, after he had cleaned up and come into his own.
266;7;Some of his best-loved classics are to be found here.
266;8;Some of his best-loved classics are to be found here.
266;9;Some of his best-loved classics are to be found here.
266;10;This is one of 4 full length concerts/ Tv Shows that I own and love.
267;1;I'm glad i did as the album is fantastic: smooth, fun, quirky, and she really does speak to my soul.
267;2;By the end of the song she finds the strength to move on and grow from the pain.
267;3;Like all good records, "Turn Me Away" works on two levels: the jauntily funky beat is skillfully juxtaposed against the song's unsettling message...On "Window Seat," Badu addresses the push/pull of wanting to get away from life's attendant stresses while also longing for support and human connection.
267;4;Very soft and sweet beats that take you to your happy place :0) Madlib's beat in particular is very dope, i think it was the track incense.
267;5;This album is the lighter, 'right brain' side of the New Amerykah series, focusing on love and relationships whereas Part 1 was the darker, political 'left brain' side.
267;6;But she follows up with the fine "Fall in Love (Your Funeral)," another home run.
267;7;This Album is the best of her career...It is playable all the way through...Get ready to let it play day and night, in the house and car, with or without your kids, with or without your lover.....Supreme Master of Work...Future R&B singers will be sampling Erykah and Angie Stone if they are smart.
267;8;The beats seem to hover ghost like and the lyrics carry that trademark Badu depth, meaning that heads nod simultaneously to the funky music and to the intelligent lyrics.
267;9;I'm glad i did as the album is fantastic: smooth, fun, quirky, and she really does speak to my soul.
267;10;Love both part one and part two.
264;1;Good honest music that can be enjoyed by everyone.
264;2;Definitely one for fans of the kind of country music that dominated country radio from the mid-sixties to the mid-seventies.
264;3;Artists like Joey+Rory remind us of how good and wholesome records can still sound.
264;4;Definitely one for fans of the kind of country music that dominated country radio from the mid-sixties to the mid-seventies.
264;5;Definitely one for fans of the kind of country music that dominated country radio from the mid-sixties to the mid-seventies.
264;6;Definitely one for fans of the kind of country music that dominated country radio from the mid-sixties to the mid-seventies.
264;7;My husband loves to watch their show and is always playing some other twang when we are traveling in the truck.
264;8;Definitely one for fans of the kind of country music that dominated country radio from the mid-sixties to the mid-seventies.
264;9;Definitely one for fans of the kind of country music that dominated country radio from the mid-sixties to the mid-seventies.
264;10;Love these songs and this couple!
265;1;Bought it for my mom for mothers day she absolutely loves elvis and his music so she was really happy with it all good songs on the album
265;2;There is not a bad song on this cd and it is a good and pleasant listening mix of all of his music.
265;3;There is not a bad song on this cd and it is a good and pleasant listening mix of all of his music.
265;4;One of the best arrangements of songs of all the cds that have been released since his untimely death.
265;5;Focusing less on hits than on great performances, "Essential Elvis" gathers a handful of Sun sides, the best of his early RCA output and acclaimed sides from throughout his career.
265;6;One of the best arrangements of songs of all the cds that have been released since his untimely death.
265;7;Great road trip sing along album.
265;8;There is not a bad song on this cd and it is a good and pleasant listening mix of all of his music.
265;9;The songs are clear and fun to sing to.
265;10;If you're buying Elvis you obviously love the King and know what you're gonna get.
270;1;All the songs are really good.
270;2;The covers are the heart of this album and they are gorgeous- the cover of Sweet Jane that every would-be hipster from my generation knows by heart, as well as the slooooooooooow-waltzing version of 'Blue Moon Revisited,' (quite possibly my fave song by them) which has one of the most wonderfully understated guitar solos I've ever heard.
270;3;All the songs are really good.
270;4;All the songs are really good.
270;5;Michael's spare yet stark guitar lines bring the perfect emotion whether it's a sensual track like "Dreaming My Dreams with You" or their haunting read of "Working on a Buliding".
270;6;Margo, like the Irish folk / trad singer Cara Dillon, has a beautiful voice - it's something that really strikes home when a song is sung unaccompanied.
270;7;The strongest songs are the ones with slow but steady driving melodies, like the cover of "Sweet Jane" which is a brilliant reinterpretation of Lou Reed's original...Best with some candles, good red wine, and a delectable lady (or two) on your lap...
270;8;The song starts with some new lyrics with a different melody which convey a tribute to Elvis Presley, one of the many recorders of the song.
270;9;I bought it outright more for fun than anything else.
270;10;Yet both can also be categorized as romantic songs.
271;1;There are fun songs like, "Nothin But A Good Time", "Talk Dirty To Me", "Look What The Cat Dragged In", "Your Mama Don't Dance" and "Unskinny Bop".
271;2;From the energetic Nothin' But a Good Time to the rather sad reflective Every Rose Has It's Thorn, Poison is really great in music and lyrics.
271;3;Unskinny Bop has a really good (...) groove and Every Rose Has It's Thorn is relaxing and I think is one of their most meaningful songs, but I think a lot of their songs are.
271;4;Fans that didn't want Metallica, Judas Priest, or Iron Maiden could easily fall in love with everything Poison wrote and released...I will be completely honest and open about my review of this record.
271;5;I love reading the story behind the songs.
271;6;Overall, this is a recommended buy and I would take this home to try out.
271;7;As my very first POISON CD, I came to love the band and their songs that are driven by ultimate killer choruses.
271;8;From the energetic Nothin' But a Good Time to the rather sad reflective Every Rose Has It's Thorn, Poison is really great in music and lyrics.
271;9;This collection has the perfect soundtrack for a party, or any time you just want to smile and have fun!
271;10;Fans that didn't want Metallica, Judas Priest, or Iron Maiden could easily fall in love with everything Poison wrote and released...I will be completely honest and open about my review of this record.
268;1;Seriously, this is some really good stuff released in the late 70's that many people have forgotten about as the years have gone by.
268;2;It's *always* important for a band like this to remember to write solid vocal melodies and luckily the band remembered to do so for this release...The album even ends on a pretty sad note.
268;3;Seriously, this is some really good stuff released in the late 70's that many people have forgotten about as the years have gone by.
268;4;As always the production is stellar with Parsons at the helm.
268;5;As always the production is stellar with Parsons at the helm.
268;6;It sounds like Parsons had a grip a that clean "90's" production sound all the way back in 1979!
268;7;As always the production is stellar with Parsons at the helm.
268;8;When you take simple vocal melodies, and combine them with brilliant and meaningful lyrics, you've created a winning formula with a perfect listening experience.
268;9;It is an absolutely wonderful song about Pyramid Power, making fun of the legend that if you put a razor blade in a pyramid, it got sharper (but they do that anywhere).
268;10;It was the only song on this album that he had, but I absolutely loved.
269;1;They sound fantastic, but it's the new stereo work by Wilson that really stands out.
269;2;That kind of makes this a different album from the one I was long familiar with, but we were perhaps always meant to hear it this way.
269;3;Good price for remastered cd and a 5.1 dvd.
269;4;That kind of makes this a different album from the one I was long familiar with, but we were perhaps always meant to hear it this way.
269;5;"Alive And Well And Living In" was the first track I really liked on the album and it's funny to read that in 2013 - Ian Anderson would 'bin it!'
269;6;Zipping home I was teeming with anticipation and still recall the rush of excitement that overcame me as Ian Anderson and company filled my bedroom with the most intriguing music I had yet to hear.
269;7;That kind of makes this a different album from the one I was long familiar with, but we were perhaps always meant to hear it this way.
269;8;Released in April 1970, `Benefit' was Jethro Tull's third album after the successful but unremarkable R&B-themed debut `This Was' and its best-selling follow-up `Stand Up'...It was on `Benefit' that the band finally found its definitive sound, introducing jazz-influenced syncopated rhythms and changes of pace, more complex song structures and thoughtful, clever lyrics.
269;9;The early music sounds like he actually had a sense of fun.
269;10;I've had this 5.1 album for almost a year and love, really pulls you in.
305;1;Karl Sanders enjoys writing Egyptian themed lyrics for all of Nile's Albums...In summary, this is great death metal.
305;2;Lots of fun
305;3;There's also some good bass lines from Chief Spires, and excellent drumming from Pete Hammoura (who both do backing vocals as well).
305;4;"Smashing The Antiu" and "Serpent Headed Mask" have some of the best blastbeats ever heard, while the closer track, "Beneath Eternal Oceans of Sand" is more of an ambience track...This is a great start for a breakthrough band.
305;5;"Smashing The Antiu" and "Serpent Headed Mask" have some of the best blastbeats ever heard, while the closer track, "Beneath Eternal Oceans of Sand" is more of an ambience track...This is a great start for a breakthrough band.
305;6;"Smashing The Antiu" and "Serpent Headed Mask" have some of the best blastbeats ever heard, while the closer track, "Beneath Eternal Oceans of Sand" is more of an ambience track...This is a great start for a breakthrough band.
305;7;This album is a trip.
305;8;Karl Sanders enjoys writing Egyptian themed lyrics for all of Nile's Albums...In summary, this is great death metal.
305;9;Lots of fun
305;10;If you are lookin for outstanding musicianmanship and ethereal Egyptian instrumentals you'll love this album.
304;1;A good synopsis of Etta's career leaning heavily on her bluesy jazz style as opposed to some of her other great works.
304;2;She sings from her heart what it's like to be a women the pain the love the anger the hope!!!!
304;3;A good synopsis of Etta's career leaning heavily on her bluesy jazz style as opposed to some of her other great works.
304;4;Give some of her "torch songs" a listen,  I've always thought of Etta as a latter-day Big Maybelle.
304;5;Give some of her "torch songs" a listen,  I've always thought of Etta as a latter-day Big Maybelle.
304;6;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
304;7;wonderful trip down 'memory lane' to hear these great songs again, with more miles under me than I'd first possessed...
304;8;Give some of her "torch songs" a listen,  I've always thought of Etta as a latter-day Big Maybelle.
304;9;My sister used "At Last" as the first dance with her husband at their wedding (as many couples do) and it was amazing how many people young and old wanted to know who that great singer was in the song.
304;10;You know there are some CDs that grow on you and there are some you love from the get go.
307;1;Billy Joel's Piano Man album on Columbia Records remains one of his best ever
307;2;Best all time and I usually hate remasters...Don't believe all the negative reviews here that come from a faction of an anti-MFSL internet forum that I will not honor by mentioning it's name.
307;3;Nowadays, I don't listen much to Billy Joel (probably because I listened to so much of him during High School), but looking at "Piano Man" in the context of his other work as well as my exposure to much more and different and varied music over the years, I still feel that this is a really good album from someone who would emerge as one of the premier songwriters of the '70s and '80s.
307;4;A friend of mine played it for me.
307;5;A friend of mine played it for me.
307;6;"Captain Jack" was another great hit off of this album - an ode to the hopelessness of suburban teenagerdom...Other great songs found here include the rollicking western style "The Ballad of Billy The Kid", the pretty "Your My Home" (which my friends used as their wedding first dance song), and two very catchy, lesser-known songs "Worse Comes To Worst" and "Ain't No Crime".
307;7;It even sounds good in my car CD player.
307;8;Another excellent CD by the exceptional artist Billy Joel: great music, great beat, great lyrics.
307;9;"Captain Jack" was another great hit off of this album - an ode to the hopelessness of suburban teenagerdom...Other great songs found here include the rollicking western style "The Ballad of Billy The Kid", the pretty "Your My Home" (which my friends used as their wedding first dance song), and two very catchy, lesser-known songs "Worse Comes To Worst" and "Ain't No Crime".
307;10;I didn't know who it was, but I loved these great songs - Piano Man, the song about Billy the Kid.
306;1;The CD has all the really good songs I really enjoy listening to it!
306;2;But I can say, at least for me, that the 2nd disc is excellent.
306;3;The CD has all the really good songs I really enjoy listening to it!
306;4;But I can say, at least for me, that the 2nd disc is excellent.
306;5;But I can say, at least for me, that the 2nd disc is excellent.
306;6;But I can say, at least for me, that the 2nd disc is excellent.
306;7;All you need is one CD in the car or at work and your set for the afternoon with the best song's from the best band!
306;8;The music, the lyrics, the vocals...it's all just as incredible as it was when it was new.
306;9;On this album you get Faithfully, one of the most tender beautiful songs ever written, right before Any Way You Want It (It's a party, Marge.
306;10;Despite mostly being a child of the '90s, I deeply love the music of the '80s.
309;1;some of the songs are sung with alot of feeling and emotion like "tearing up my heart" my favourite song on the cd is a good example.
309;2;All of the songs are happy so if your  in a bad mood or you had a bad day then just listen to this CD and you will  feel better in no time!
309;3;A pop album that actually has more good songs than bad songs.
309;4;This was the first one I ever bought and I thought it was great.
309;5;This was the first one I ever bought and I thought it was great.
309;6;This was the first one I ever bought and I thought it was great.
309;7;Well this is the best CD that you can find, sure the best songs are the ones that have been released "I want you back", "God must have spent a little more time on you", and my 2 ultimate faves "Drive myself crazy" and "tearin' up my heart".
309;8;All of the songs are happy so if your  in a bad mood or you had a bad day then just listen to this CD and you will  feel better in no time!
309;9;It sounds really sweet and innocent, but if you pay attention to the lyrics it definitely isn't...Here We Go - A fun party song.
309;10;I love the c.d. my favorite song is God Must Spent A Little More Time On You it is the best I saw them live on Aug 18th and I am going to be seeing them again on their No Strings Attached tour on June 6th I'm hoping that  they do same of the songs from is c.d. it is the best c.d. in the world I  love it a lot.
308;1;They push the songs...Keep your "Memories Almost Full" in hiding, and brandish this "Electric Arguments", happy that Paul has created his best album in 30 years...If I had to rate this album, it's right up there with "RAM".
308;2;McCartney has and always will dictate his own style and pace,with the body of work he has out there nobody can touch ,just think about the songs he has given and still is putting great stuff out there,and most of the negative rewiers cannot write a one line email let alone a song!
308;3;It is amazing that Paul McCartney, as good as he is, is always better with a foil, in this case Youth.
308;4;Electric Arguments ranks right up with my favorites.
308;5;Another classic that should read the new Paul McCartney album!!
308;6;Electric Arguments ranks right up with my favorites.
308;7;Compelling sermon like delivery with a nice guitar riff bringing everything together...In "Traveling Light" McCartney puts on his Peter Gabriel impression, playing flute and singing with a low Peteresque vocal..."Highway" is a pretty straight forward pop rock song with a driving beat.
308;8;It's a pleasure to hear, never searing the ears with gooey "love gone bad" lyrics.
308;9;Sounds years ahead of its time, fresh, fun.
308;10;The songwriter that needs an external nudge to realize your inner greatness...And while John tamed your sweetnes sometimes and pushed you to go beyond yourself and become a second Little Richard, so "Youth" your producer on this has tamed and pushed you into being great once again...The lyrics are poetry, in a very upbeat message of love and peacefulness.
311;1;Also missing is Hillbilly bone, Trace's number one hit with Blake Shelton, but that track is available on Blake's own compilation Loaded: The Best of Blake Shelton ...This is an excellent compilation that will of course appeal to country music fans, but may also to those rock music fans who enjoy some country music.
311;2;I'm new to Trace but I love his work!
311;3;Trace has a fine workable voice with a good range.
311;4;I'm new to Trace but I love his work!
311;5;I'm new to Trace but I love his work!
311;6;I'm new to Trace but I love his work!
311;7;I'm new to Trace but I love his work!
311;8;Wonderful music, lyrics and tempo.
311;9;I'm new to Trace but I love his work!
311;10;I'm new to Trace but I love his work!
310;1;this cd was pretty damn good.
310;2;It's a good point in a band's career when they can sit down and create an album they really want to do, regardless of whatever negative flack they know they will receive from fans.
310;3;this cd was pretty damn good.
310;4;But if this is Mastodon's radio album or "sell out" piece, then bring it on, because this stuff rules!
310;5;In all though, I recommend this album to existing Mastodon fans and for folks who have read their critical acclaim and want to give them a test-drive.
310;6;I don't typically go for metal albums that are all screaming with no clean vocals, and this one strikes a great balance.
310;7;This is one of my favorite records to drive to, along with Deep Purple's Machine Head.
310;8;Mastodon did real nice all the way around and I love the one line of lyrics to close the album up on Sparrow.
310;9;Mastodon is definitely having fun on this album.
310;10;Seriously, i love Mastodon, and while i always thought they were awesome, Crack the Skye might possibly be the greatest rock album of all time.
313;1;Sounds as good now as it did 30yrs ago.
313;2;With John's albums you always get a little fun, a little sad, a little country and some really beautiful songs on all his CDs.
313;3;Sounds as good now as it did 30yrs ago.
313;4;Very inspirational and well sung!
313;5;Very inspirational and well sung!
313;6;Then the group really starts getting serious with the funky "Saturday Nite" the song with the best groove on the album and the one which displays the bands genius for producing good ole down home funk!
313;7;Very inspirational and well sung!
313;8;With John's albums you always get a little fun, a little sad, a little country and some really beautiful songs on all his CDs.
313;9;With John's albums you always get a little fun, a little sad, a little country and some really beautiful songs on all his CDs.
313;10;Loved their music then and now and for me its like a time machine transporting back to great times.
312;1;Every single one of Kip's songs is fantastic.
312;2;Kip Moore is a great talent and there is not a bad song on this one.
312;3;He has a great voice and this CD has a good mix of slower, relaxed songs as well as more up-tempo songs to balance it well.
312;4;A wonderful performance of country music with hooks to keep one listening to this great artist/musician all night.
312;5;A wonderful performance of country music with hooks to keep one listening to this great artist/musician all night.
312;6;A wonderful performance of country music with hooks to keep one listening to this great artist/musician all night.
312;7;This CD (11 tracks) opens surprising very well with the two pop/rocking country tracks "Drive Me Crazy" & "Beer Money" : these two tracks give a statement 'Kip Moore has arrived with a bang
312;8;Kip Moore has really great skills in capturing the essence of a story and distilling it down to lyrics of a song.
312;9;A wonderful performance of country music with hooks to keep one listening to this great artist/musician all night.
312;10;It's the type of album that can fully satisfy a fan like me (I love Eric Church, George Strait, Toby K, Josh Thompson, Justin Moore), while still appealing to those that prefer the likes of Luke Bryan, Rascal Flatts, and Jake Owen...Buy it, and you won't be disappointed!
315;1;The extra music is just as good as what I've heard already and Vangelis is one of the best of the best composers that I enjoy.
315;2;Yes and when they sleep the listen to a wonderful blend of Electronic and easy listening with a touch of Big Band.
315;3;Yes and when they sleep the listen to a wonderful blend of Electronic and easy listening with a touch of Big Band.
315;4;Yes and when they sleep the listen to a wonderful blend of Electronic and easy listening with a touch of Big Band.
315;5;Yes and when they sleep the listen to a wonderful blend of Electronic and easy listening with a touch of Big Band.
315;6;Yes and when they sleep the listen to a wonderful blend of Electronic and easy listening with a touch of Big Band.
315;7;Yes and when they sleep the listen to a wonderful blend of Electronic and easy listening with a touch of Big Band.
315;8;Time after time, the music chosen provides the effective chemistry to accomplish the director's objective of bringing out the full emotion and depth of an actor's character identity...The 3 CD Blade Runner Trilogy is another innovative and popular movie soundtrack by Greek composer Vangelis Papathanassiou.
315;9;Yes and when they sleep the listen to a wonderful blend of Electronic and easy listening with a touch of Big Band.
315;10;This CD couldn't be different and I simply loved it!
314;1;Queen's album for the ages was treated well, and now sounds about as good as it ever will.
314;2;This is a true example of the artistry of an album as a whole...The bonus CD might be a little too much.
314;3;Queen's album for the ages was treated well, and now sounds about as good as it ever will.
314;4;This is a true example of the artistry of an album as a whole...The bonus CD might be a little too much.
314;5;This is a true example of the artistry of an album as a whole...The bonus CD might be a little too much.
314;6;This is a true example of the artistry of an album as a whole...The bonus CD might be a little too much.
314;7;The entire record is consistently brilliant...My favorites are probably "I'm In Love With My Car" and "'39."
314;8;This is a true example of the artistry of an album as a whole...The bonus CD might be a little too much.
314;9;But the first cd is fun to listen to.
314;10;I love the balance of metal and nostalgic/period music in this album.
317;1;The rest are good too, overall love the CD.
317;2;Anti is one of those albums that you can vibe to and it has different songs for whatever mood you may be in.
317;3;The rest are good too, overall love the CD.
317;4;Anti is one of those albums that you can vibe to and it has different songs for whatever mood you may be in.
317;5;Anti is one of those albums that you can vibe to and it has different songs for whatever mood you may be in.
317;6;Anti is one of those albums that you can vibe to and it has different songs for whatever mood you may be in.
317;7;Anti is one of those albums that you can vibe to and it has different songs for whatever mood you may be in.
317;8;The producers incorporated dark, sparsely layered, minimalist song structures, while most of the lyrics dealt with the complexities of romantic love and self-assurance.
317;9;Anti is one of those albums that you can vibe to and it has different songs for whatever mood you may be in.
317;10;The producers incorporated dark, sparsely layered, minimalist song structures, while most of the lyrics dealt with the complexities of romantic love and self-assurance.
316;1;I'm enjoying listening to it.
316;2;I'm enjoying listening to it.
316;3;Good album and worth buying.
316;4;I'm enjoying listening to it.
316;5;I'm enjoying listening to it.
316;6;I'm enjoying listening to it.
316;7;I'm enjoying listening to it.
316;8;Every song pulls you in and makes you feel deep emotions.
316;9;The kids like to dance and you can dance up a storm with this CD, Wow!
316;10;I love the lady and am looking forward to her next album.
319;1;I quess if you want a more easy to listing to and not so  fast & brutal pick this album its actullie pretty good!
319;2;The first thing that you notice about this cd is the much improved production over Black Seeds of Vengeance, which wasn't bad but a little too bottom heavy for me.
319;3;I quess if you want a more easy to listing to and not so  fast & brutal pick this album its actullie pretty good!
319;4;There lyrics have almost more thought put into them than the music (and i have read that it took a year to write the lyrics for this album!)
319;5;There lyrics have almost more thought put into them than the music (and i have read that it took a year to write the lyrics for this album!)
319;6;There lyrics have almost more thought put into them than the music (and i have read that it took a year to write the lyrics for this album!)
319;7;There lyrics have almost more thought put into them than the music (and i have read that it took a year to write the lyrics for this album!)
319;8;There lyrics have almost more thought put into them than the music (and i have read that it took a year to write the lyrics for this album!)
319;9;There lyrics have almost more thought put into them than the music (and i have read that it took a year to write the lyrics for this album!)
319;10;is an epic death metal album that I think all metal fans will like, if not love.
318;1;I ordered this CD because of all the good reviews I read, and also I was curious.
318;2;It contrasts beautiful piano lines with a simple three-note woodwind melody and Hollis' voice, rich and exuberant yet sad at the same time.
318;3;I ordered this CD because of all the good reviews I read, and also I was curious.
318;4;The improvisational approach really captures a timeless perspective, and Mark Hollis' deeply felt, haunting vocals make this a recording to return to for many years to come (great for a spiritual recharge).
318;5;I ordered this CD because of all the good reviews I read, and also I was curious.
318;6;The improvisational approach really captures a timeless perspective, and Mark Hollis' deeply felt, haunting vocals make this a recording to return to for many years to come (great for a spiritual recharge).
318;7;i remember listening to this record and spirit of eden.after 10 plus years of traveling....at the end of all of these journeys i sat in the most comfortable.rocking chair while "new grass" played and i thought to myself.
318;8;His plaintive, mournful, and sometimes indiscernible voice is one of pure emotion, and the lyrics speak of redemption, mourning, spirituality ("maybe Christianity will come westward"), hope, anger, and loss... My rather dry description does not do this remarkable record any justice, and I apologize.
318;9;The improvisational approach really captures a timeless perspective, and Mark Hollis' deeply felt, haunting vocals make this a recording to return to for many years to come (great for a spiritual recharge).
318;10;I just know that I love it.
288;1;Very happy with this purchase a must have
288;2;Talking Heads at their best (in my opinion ) the album is solid start to finish.
288;3;"Moon Rocks" and "Pull Up The Roots" are the two often forgotten/overlooked songs on this album, and I encourage you to play them again, I think you will be amazed how good they sound...I had the great fortune of seeing Talking Heads in concert on the "Stop Making Sense" tour in the Fall of 1983, at the Smith Center on the GW campus in Washington DC.
288;4;Talking Heads at their best (in my opinion ) the album is solid start to finish.
288;5;Talking Heads at their best (in my opinion ) the album is solid start to finish.
288;6;"Speaking in Tongues" starts by burning down your house and ends with the gift of the true home in your heart.
288;7;Everything has a strong beat, a solid drive, be it the opening and prickly-sounding "Burning Down The House" or the closing and surprisingly delicate "This Must Be The Place."
288;8;I still remember seeing the "Burning Down the House" music video on MTV when that amazing station finally reached us from the east coast...Fantastic music by a group known for it's clipped musical style and interesting, some would say eclectic lyrics and sound...5 stars all the way!
288;9;The Fixx was fun, but "Speaking in Tongues" was amazing, and still is.
288;10;The album closer is "This Must be The Place (Nave Melody)", which I loved when it first came out, but now I just don't care about anymore.
289;1;Be good to yourself, and check out everything from the lads' golden age (1966-1972).
289;2;That may sound sad and pathetic, but it was actually pretty cool.
289;3;Be good to yourself, and check out everything from the lads' golden age (1966-1972).
289;4;Which, I guess, is what puts this album into the "timeless" category for me.
289;5;It's about life, not just in Great Britain but in the modern (read: post-60s) world as a whole.
289;6;The songs here, each of which stand on its own as a classic, are gathered together and tell the story of the hero's less than triumphant return to his home town that he has long missed.
289;7;Which, I guess, is what puts this album into the "timeless" category for me.
289;8;Buy this album,  play it many times, ponder it, marvel at the diversity of the music, the  lyrics and the created atmosphere, and thank god that  someone out there  actually made it, for it has the power to cut through one's psyche like no  other.
289;9;Listen to 'Come Dancing' - this terrific piece comes from listening to his elder sister talk about her 'younger days', which people like me can identify with only too easily.
289;10;, and, finally, the village itself and events which take place there ("All of My Friends Were There," "Picture Book," "People Taking Pictures of Each Other")
290;1;It's fantastic because the songwriting is JUST as good as it was on Rocks.
290;2;The album closes with one of the bands all time best covers.
290;3;But it was recorded in I think seven different studios, and on mountains and mountains of drugs, and it still turned out this good, and I think that is a testament to how great Aerosmith really is.
290;4;The album closes with one of the bands all time best covers.
290;5;The album closes with one of the bands all time best covers.
290;6;The album closes with one of the bands all time best covers.
290;7;The album closes with one of the bands all time best covers.
290;8;But still I maintain the album turned out better than rumoured...The title track is one of the bands most celebrated rockers complete with one of Joe Perry's all time greatest slide guitar riffs, and some of Tyler's best lyrics.
290;9;They are unique and this cd is just plain fun to listen too!
290;10;I love all the songs on it.
291;1;This album has all that good nature plus it is fun.
291;2;The incredible, multi-talented Steve Martin has done it again, blending his own slightly cockeyed world view with the blue grass sounds of his banjo and his band.
291;3;i first heard these tunes on "Austin City Limits" and had to have the cd... "jubliation day" is good and as for "women like to slow dance" it's hard to imagine people can move their fingers that fast.
291;4;It is worth it just for "Athiests Don't Have No Songs" and "King Tut".
291;5;It is worth it just for "Athiests Don't Have No Songs" and "King Tut".
291;6;Track one starts out sonding very Celtic...and just keeps moving...very clean recording and tight band... unique banjo instrumental.
291;7;It is worth it just for "Athiests Don't Have No Songs" and "King Tut".
291;8;More Bad Weather On The Way is a wonderful piece featuring banjo/fiddle
291;9;i first heard these tunes on "Austin City Limits" and had to have the cd... "jubliation day" is good and as for "women like to slow dance" it's hard to imagine people can move their fingers that fast.
291;10;Martin also rounds up some top talent for his guest stars, with The Dixie Chicks harmonizing on the heartfelt ballad, "You," and Paul McCartney crooning a wry yet sweet love song, "Best Love."
292;1;The other songs are still good to.
292;2;The lyrical content and the beats that are contained in this album are absolutely masterful.
292;3;The other songs are still good to.
292;4;The lyrical content and the beats that are contained in this album are absolutely masterful.
292;5;The lyrical content and the beats that are contained in this album are absolutely masterful.
292;6;I really appreciate Lecrae rap music cause His rap music is clean and it gives us Christian something worth to rap to.
292;7;I have started listening to this in the car with them and he is delivering the message in a way they can receive.
292;8;The lyrics are both inspiring and thought-provoking.
292;9;In a day and age where most of the music that we hear is all about what type of dance can be performed to it, this is refreshing.
292;10;I absolutely loved this album by Lecrae.
293;1;But the rest of the album is also fantastic.
293;2;All are very enjoyable in different ways, and this one is no exception.
293;3;Everything that is good about TOTO (and that's enough to fill a multi-volume encyclopaedia)can be found in abundance on this release, a lovingly crafted work, that amazingly they've managed to better on at least three occaisions ("Isolation", "The Seventh One" and "Mindfields").
293;4;All are very enjoyable in different ways, and this one is no exception.
293;5;All are very enjoyable in different ways, and this one is no exception.
293;6;All are very enjoyable in different ways, and this one is no exception.
293;7;All are very enjoyable in different ways, and this one is no exception.
293;8;Band leader/keyboardist/vocalist David Paich is clearly in command here: 8 of the 10 tracks were written by him, and although his lyrics don't match the standards of his former writing partner Boz Scaggs, they are nevertheless far more interesting than most pop/rock, certainly a lot more so than the critics would have you believe.
293;9;All are very enjoyable in different ways, and this one is no exception.
293;10;The next two songs "I'll supply the love" (with superb singing and a fine tempo change in the end) and "Georgy Porgy" (where did these guys get this deep soul from?)
294;1;It is fantastic and worth listening to.
294;2;To me, this is the perfect "essential collection" or "greatest hits album," if you will.
294;3;their music is really good and there relaxing too, there's a lot of telnet with these women and i hope to see more music from them
294;4;To me, this is the perfect "essential collection" or "greatest hits album," if you will.
294;5;To me, this is the perfect "essential collection" or "greatest hits album," if you will.
294;6;To me, this is the perfect "essential collection" or "greatest hits album," if you will.
294;7;We Love the music from here to all the way to Montana and back to California as we drove up there  some are friends ask where we got the Music from and told them so you get orders from them.
294;8;For those who are not familiar with them, it is a good way to have a look at what they are all about...In addition, there are two NEW songs that CW fans will go nuts for: "The Call" (lyrics by Brendan Graham) and "Pie Jesu," which is a duet between Chloe and Lynn.
294;9;The Butterfly is just fun and lilting.
294;10;Compiled in this CD are many of the most loved songs that the group has released over the span of the past few years.
295;1;bonus dvd footage is fun to watch, good live performances as well
295;2;The lead singer's voice offers a contrast to the drummer's in that we feel his panic and pain.
295;3;These guys do it as good or better than anyone else in the metal world right now.
295;4;It combines punk and screaming beautifully.
295;5;Great ending with harmonics...If you read the lyrics they're amazing.
295;6;This song is one of the more poppy tracks, since a lot of the vocals are clean.
295;7;Really good singalong, and a great driving song.
295;8;Listen to the dynamics, the catchiness, the heaviness, the emotion, and the lyrics.
295;9;Their new sound is crazy, fun, addictive, intense, and incredible.
295;10;I love this band's music.
296;1;The music itself uses a lot of minor keys which emphsises sadness, reflections on those things lost, pain and the whole range of emotions associated with love.
296;2;The music itself uses a lot of minor keys which emphsises sadness, reflections on those things lost, pain and the whole range of emotions associated with love.
296;3;Lyrically this song is quite mysterious, and the vocal melody is extremely good.
296;4;Oh please let me come into the storm.
296;5;I have never read anything about how these songs related to Cohen's life but there is no need because Cohen makes it all so clear and you can see and feel it all happening while listening to the album.
296;6;Though the selection is almost 50 years old, it still hits home for the baby boomer generation (and hopefully, for some younger folk).
296;7;Oh please let me come into the storm.
296;8;I had forgotton his poetic lyrics and intense emotion his music evokes.
296;9;Oh please let me come into the storm.
296;10;Listen to the truth of how it feels to be SO passionately in love with someone that you'd do almost anything for.
297;1;The songwriting is brilliant throughout but the  title track is as good as it gets.
297;2;"Song from Half Mountain" is just Dan singing with his guitar, telling the story of a beautiful part of nature in such a personal way that he could almost be in your living room...There's really no bad Dan Fogelberg and I've said that before his untimely death.
297;3;The songwriting is brilliant throughout but the  title track is as good as it gets.
297;4;Still, this album is among my  favorites, and I think you'll come to love it as well.
297;5;Still, this album is among my  favorites, and I think you'll come to love it as well.
297;6;"Illinois",  about his real home,  is classic acoustic Fogelberg. "
297;7;It's an acoustic guitar driven and philosophical song that Dan convincingly sings with sincerity and spirit...Await your arrival.With simple survival.And one day we'll all understand.....Part Of The Plan is the most famous song here, but it's only just a sampling of the purity and wisdom that can be found on&nbsp
297;8;On the other hand, "Nether Lands" has no weak tracks, flows well, is loaded with incredible lyrics and music - if had had to decide on only one, I suppose it would be my top choice in a very close race.
297;9;Still, this album is among my  favorites, and I think you'll come to love it as well.
297;10;Still, this album is among my  favorites, and I think you'll come to love it as well.
298;1;A great happy and bright album....the way Christmas should be.
298;2;A great happy and bright album....the way Christmas should be.
298;3;I gave this 5 stars because the music is so good.
298;4;A great happy and bright album....the way Christmas should be.
298;5;A great happy and bright album....the way Christmas should be.
298;6;But this album is truly timeless and it would probably still sound good for decades to come in your  homes during Christmas time.
298;7;A great happy and bright album....the way Christmas should be.
298;8;A great happy and bright album....the way Christmas should be.
298;9;The album, originally created for ballroom dancing, is perfect for swank holiday cocktail parties, baking cookies, or festive sing-a-longs.
298;10;I've never heard the song anywhere else, and it is the perfect holiday love song in which the chorus is asking Santa for a Christmas bride.
299;1;The period of "Blood On The Tracks" and "Desire" could never have enough accolades, so we'll call it "Positively Dylan" and play the CD for the 456th time...Enjoy the music and be well,.
299;2;And it inspired the now legendary Rolling Thunder Review tour (captured on the "Bob Dylan Live 1975" CD set released in 2002).
299;3;This was captured (on a good day) on the "live" album "Hard Rain".
299;4;And it inspired the now legendary Rolling Thunder Review tour (captured on the "Bob Dylan Live 1975" CD set released in 2002).
299;5;Almost of all the songs have a strong cinematic quality to them, where you can close your eyes and watch them play out on your mind...As with the previous two records, the focus is largely on relationships.
299;6;And it inspired the now legendary Rolling Thunder Review tour (captured on the "Bob Dylan Live 1975" CD set released in 2002).
299;7;It's piano driven and moves a little more slowly but, again, it works just fine...Mazambique seems a little strange and out of character for a Dylan song but really works with Emmylou Harris's backing vocals.
299;8;These are some of his most enigmatic and magical lyrics - a world-tour that takes you from Egypt and Mozambique to Durango and Black Diamond Bay...I've sometimes wondered if Dylan knows how funny he can be.
299;9;On Desire, Dylan adds a third party, the audience, as an integral part of the performance.
299;10;Although falling short of the earlier two albums' near perfection, Desire has some of Dylan's most engaging and likeable music, and his most touching love song, "Sara."
300;1;It is as good a Carpenters album as any of their million sellers and will charm you endlessly.
300;2;It is as good a Carpenters album as any of their million sellers and will charm you endlessly.
300;3;It is as good a Carpenters album as any of their million sellers and will charm you endlessly.
300;4;It is as good a Carpenters album as any of their million sellers and will charm you endlessly.
300;5;It is as good a Carpenters album as any of their million sellers and will charm you endlessly.
300;6;Nifty tri-fold cover has Karen & Richard in his Ferrari, against a background of their Newville home.
300;7;Richard Carpenters amazing arrangements and Karen's soothing vocals make for a great trip down a musical memory lane.
300;8;It amazes me how Karen, at just 23 years old, could put so much appropriate emotional inflection into her lyrics!
300;9;This album has a lot of fun.
300;10;I also love Heather: the Johnny Pearson instrumental.
301;1;The good news is there are other pleasures to be enjoyed besides these.
301;2;Forever the entertainer, Bette Midler pulls out all the stops for this swinging Christmas album, which has something old, something new, something revisited and absolutely nothing to be blue about...Bette treats Christmas favorites with due respect while giving them her special touch, whether she's playfully bantering with Johnny Mathis on "Winter Wonderland/Let it Snow!
301;3;The good news is there are other pleasures to be enjoyed besides these.
301;4;Another great Xmas album to add to the collection.
301;5;Here we have a mix of beautiful traditional songs, and some great fun reads as well...Mele Kalikimaka is a great nod to Bette's home state of Hawaii, and how appropriate this song was first made a Christmas staple by the Andrews Sisters, and Bing Crosby.
301;6;Newcomers will enjoy this special song as well...I especially like how Bette masterfully handles the romantic, sentimental lyrics of "I'll Be Home For Christmas" as well as "What Are You Doing New Year's Eve?"
301;7;Another great Xmas album to add to the collection.
301;8;Newcomers will enjoy this special song as well...I especially like how Bette masterfully handles the romantic, sentimental lyrics of "I'll Be Home For Christmas" as well as "What Are You Doing New Year's Eve?"
301;9;Its up beat and fun.
301;10;have purchased the last couple of years...I loved it from beginning to end.
302;1;I am not a religious person, but I enjoyed them.
302;2;Chilling, Twisting in the Heart, Soul and Mind...WOW - thanks and respect to K.d. Lang and her Team.
302;3;It would be Hymns of the 49th Parallel...This album is every bit as captivating as Ingenue and while it lacks the amazingly delivered substance of a constant craving, the meat is still here, with k.d. focusing on her charasmatic and smokey voice, possibly better than it has ever sounded...k.d. lang sounds confident and calm on this album and each track flows into the rest.
302;4;Chilling, Twisting in the Heart, Soul and Mind...WOW - thanks and respect to K.d. Lang and her Team.
302;5;It would be Hymns of the 49th Parallel...This album is every bit as captivating as Ingenue and while it lacks the amazingly delivered substance of a constant craving, the meat is still here, with k.d. focusing on her charasmatic and smokey voice, possibly better than it has ever sounded...k.d. lang sounds confident and calm on this album and each track flows into the rest.
302;6;Chilling, Twisting in the Heart, Soul and Mind...WOW - thanks and respect to K.d. Lang and her Team.
302;7;Valentines Day present for my wife and she loves all of them and playes them in her car
302;8;Lang handles Mitchell's bittersweet lyrics carefully and confidently.
302;9;The song Jericho is a great song about how difficult it can be to keep and maintain a friendship...Bird on The Wire is a great song about trying to be honest and true to yourself and the people you love.
302;10;I love anything she puts out.
303;1;Always with emotion, some great lyrics (ones that hit you) and the music itself is driving and very good to the ears.
303;2;The emotion spewing from this CD is absolutely authentic
303;3;Always with emotion, some great lyrics (ones that hit you) and the music itself is driving and very good to the ears.
303;4;The whole band is so intense that it took a few weeks just to digest the lyrics to Pretty Lush.
303;5;The whole band is so intense that it took a few weeks just to digest the lyrics to Pretty Lush.
303;6;The whole band is so intense that it took a few weeks just to digest the lyrics to Pretty Lush.
303;7;Always with emotion, some great lyrics (ones that hit you) and the music itself is driving and very good to the ears.
303;8;Always with emotion, some great lyrics (ones that hit you) and the music itself is driving and very good to the ears.
303;9;In an era where every band seems to be a Papa Roach wannabe or a boy band with different coloured caps (but the same dance routines) it's refreshing to hear a band who aren't scared to let their originality lead them.
303;10;My chance to tell you I love you.
343;1;Good collection, nice addition to my library.,
343;2;He did a splendid version of Take my hand I'm a stranger in paradise from Kismet and Borodin.
343;3;Good collection, nice addition to my library.,
343;4;He did a splendid version of Take my hand I'm a stranger in paradise from Kismet and Borodin.
343;5;He did a splendid version of Take my hand I'm a stranger in paradise from Kismet and Borodin.
343;6;He did a splendid version of Take my hand I'm a stranger in paradise from Kismet and Borodin.
343;7;He did a splendid version of Take my hand I'm a stranger in paradise from Kismet and Borodin.
343;8;He did a splendid version of Take my hand I'm a stranger in paradise from Kismet and Borodin.
343;9;He did a splendid version of Take my hand I'm a stranger in paradise from Kismet and Borodin.
343;10;I really love this album.
342;1;All her songs are str8 forward and preachy sometimes but have a good message.
342;2;You can see(or hear) that she has changed.....it's amazing.
342;3;All her songs are str8 forward and preachy sometimes but have a good message.
342;4;You can see(or hear) that she has changed.....it's amazing.
342;5;The focus are on the lyrics, and Lauryn is an simply amazing lyricist, if you apprechiate complicated and thought-provoking lyrics and acoustic guitars, buy it.
342;6;You can see(or hear) that she has changed.....it's amazing.
342;7;I often find myself in the car changing it to all the interludes instead of the songs because I feel that they are just as powerful if not more powerful than what she is saying in the songs.
342;8;I highly recommend this cd for anyone who finds themselves buying less and less music,disenchanted with music television and listening to cds they've owned for the last ten years
342;9;You can see(or hear) that she has changed.....it's amazing.
342;10;The acoustic guitar....her raspy voice...I love the way that it all came together.
341;1;If you enjoy high quality metal, that just flat rocks, and has integrity,this band is for you!
341;2;The Sword is one of the rare exceptions to the rule that makes me really love metal again.
341;3;The Sword is now officially ridiculously good, if not great.
341;4;The Sword is one of the rare exceptions to the rule that makes me really love metal again.
341;5;The Sword is one of the rare exceptions to the rule that makes me really love metal again.
341;6;Age of Winters and Apocryphon are different albums, fans of AoW may not appreciate some of the changes, but fans of Warp Riders will feel right at home.
341;7;The Sword is one of the rare exceptions to the rule that makes me really love metal again.
341;8;the lyrics are solid and sometimes far out.
341;9;Seriously fun head-banging, hair-shaking metal that sounds like the real deal!
341;10;The Sword is one of the rare exceptions to the rule that makes me really love metal again.
340;1;I'm happy he left the band after the Tokyo Tapes, ofcourse, he's a good rocker, and he writes good music, but at the 'In Trance' album, he really sucks (who likes 'the Sun In My Hand'?)
340;2;Also this band is touring this summer here in the states and I've got my tickets!!!
340;3;There music is as good live as it is in the studio.
340;4;Also this band is touring this summer here in the states and I've got my tickets!!!
340;5;A good advice: read the lyrics, you can laugh about it.
340;6;This 2001 remaster seems to be very well balanced and clean.
340;7;Also this band is touring this summer here in the states and I've got my tickets!!!
340;8;A good advice: read the lyrics, you can laugh about it.
340;9;Just for fun, here are my top 5 albums all time by them.
340;10;"i love the accented chorus line" The last song features a live version of Polar Nights: Live jamming in the raw!
339;1;R&B misses these kind of projects -- the kind that somehow avoid being littered with hip-hop, pop, and other trendy twists that almost always take away from the purpose of soul music...This set contains a good mixture of spicy love songs, a ballad or two, some mid-tempo radio jams, and a few dance grooves.
339;2;He has a way with words and although this CD is about music - Stay - relationships, love and, well, relationships and love...Although the subject matter at hand it quite limited, that doesn't make this a bad run through nor does it take away from this man's talent.
339;3;R&B misses these kind of projects -- the kind that somehow avoid being littered with hip-hop, pop, and other trendy twists that almost always take away from the purpose of soul music...This set contains a good mixture of spicy love songs, a ballad or two, some mid-tempo radio jams, and a few dance grooves.
339;4;Much of the lyrical content stems from honesty in relationships and love-making, while other parts are sprinkled with sadness and the reality of breaking up.
339;5;Much of the lyrical content stems from honesty in relationships and love-making, while other parts are sprinkled with sadness and the reality of breaking up.
339;6;Much of the lyrical content stems from honesty in relationships and love-making, while other parts are sprinkled with sadness and the reality of breaking up.
339;7;Much of the lyrical content stems from honesty in relationships and love-making, while other parts are sprinkled with sadness and the reality of breaking up.
339;8;Ne-yo is definatley the future of R&B, his lyrics are wonderful and he doesnt have the best voice in the world, but it suits him well.
339;9;R&B misses these kind of projects -- the kind that somehow avoid being littered with hip-hop, pop, and other trendy twists that almost always take away from the purpose of soul music...This set contains a good mixture of spicy love songs, a ballad or two, some mid-tempo radio jams, and a few dance grooves.
339;10;R&B misses these kind of projects -- the kind that somehow avoid being littered with hip-hop, pop, and other trendy twists that almost always take away from the purpose of soul music...This set contains a good mixture of spicy love songs, a ballad or two, some mid-tempo radio jams, and a few dance grooves.
338;1;I know that one will be  good also.
338;2;Ray Price has always been one of my idols this CD brings back lots of memories.
338;3;I know that one will be  good also.
338;4;Ray Price has always been one of my idols this CD brings back lots of memories.
338;5;Ray Price has always been one of my idols this CD brings back lots of memories.
338;6;This CD plays fine in our home but for some reason will not.play in our vehicle.
338;7;Very good album and great for long trips in the car.
338;8;Ray Price has always been one of my idols this CD brings back lots of memories.
338;9;Ray Price has always been one of my idols this CD brings back lots of memories.
338;10;Love to hear him sing, great music!!
337;1;Its a good cd,worth buying.
337;2;Also being there are 10 of these hits, on top of the new songs, it will be a taster for newbies to check out her back catalogue, so it serves a multitude of purposes here...Oh and the photography's not bad either.
337;3;She's a great songwriter (to me, the most important thing), she's got a great, distinctive voice, and she has good instincts in choosing other people's material to cover...Oh, and she's not bad on the eyes either, haha...Now, I've been somewhat familiar with Sara's catalogue, and her debut, "Three Chords & The Truth", was a great alternative country album with lots of cool retro countrypolitan traditionalism, kind of like Mandy Barnett.
337;4;I bought this for my wife and found out we both love it.
337;5;I bought this for my wife and found out we both love it.
337;6;I bought this for my wife and found out we both love it.
337;7;I bought this for my wife and found out we both love it.
337;8;Also being there are 10 of these hits, on top of the new songs, it will be a taster for newbies to check out her back catalogue, so it serves a multitude of purposes here...Oh and the photography's not bad either.
337;9;"Love You With All Of My Heart" is another fun song that would also fare well on radio.
337;10;I bought this for my wife and found out we both love it.
336;1;I did not have a Merle Haggard album before ordering this and all the songs are good toe tapping listening music.
336;2;I did not have a Merle Haggard album before ordering this and all the songs are good toe tapping listening music.
336;3;I did not have a Merle Haggard album before ordering this and all the songs are good toe tapping listening music.
336;4;I did not have a Merle Haggard album before ordering this and all the songs are good toe tapping listening music.
336;5;I did not have a Merle Haggard album before ordering this and all the songs are good toe tapping listening music.
336;6;I did not have a Merle Haggard album before ordering this and all the songs are good toe tapping listening music.
336;7;loving it in car and computer.
336;8;I did not have a Merle Haggard album before ordering this and all the songs are good toe tapping listening music.
336;9;I did not have a Merle Haggard album before ordering this and all the songs are good toe tapping listening music.
336;10;They're not all achy breaky love songs but they are songs that have an enduring meaning.
351;1;Relax and enjoy a great singer.
351;2;A wonderful entertainer who is greatly missed.
351;3;The album is a good package and it will satisfy and calm your soul.
351;4;A wonderful entertainer who is greatly missed.
351;5;A wonderful entertainer who is greatly missed.
351;6;It was his best-selling album and it contains his best-selling single, Annie's song, and my favorite song of his, Back home again, together with many other classic songs...Annie's song was a number one pop hit in both Britain and America.
351;7;By way of contrast, the adventure and excitement of travel is seen through the eyes of a young boy in "On The Road."
351;8;A wonderful entertainer who is greatly missed.
351;9;Some of the cuts I loved the most as a kid seem a little corny now ( Grandmas Feather Bed), but they still are fun.
351;10;I loved it then and I still love it now.
350;1;I have really enjoyed listening to it.
350;2;Most greatest hits collections have a few songs that have you wondering why or how they found their place on the CD.
350;3;I listened to this on youtube, and found exactly the right combination of songs at a very good price.
350;4;Most greatest hits collections have a few songs that have you wondering why or how they found their place on the CD.
350;5;Most greatest hits collections have a few songs that have you wondering why or how they found their place on the CD.
350;6;The vocals are clean and crisp, the music.....perfect.
350;7;Listen to it in my car all the time, great songs
350;8;Most greatest hits collections have a few songs that have you wondering why or how they found their place on the CD.
350;9;Brings back many wonderful memories being in the dance clubs with friends or cruising state street.
350;10;gift for a friend, they love it!
349;1;Relics gives a good taste of the music of pink floyd and the creative forces within it, containing all the right tracks to get you addicted.
349;2;Floaty, whimsical, sad, haunting, and playful all come to mind and even Roger Waters manages to outdo barrett on the very weird and pysche Julia Dream.
349;3;Relics gives a good taste of the music of pink floyd and the creative forces within it, containing all the right tracks to get you addicted.
349;4;I always find this an enjoyable listen.
349;5;I always find this an enjoyable listen.
349;6;I always find this an enjoyable listen.
349;7;Although this version is a lot faster paced than the wicked tripped out UMMAGUMMA version, its still pretty dark, and a good find for any FLOYD seeker...All in all, this is a nice pack.
349;8;The other Barrett-penned single, "See Emily Play" is pure pop genius with completely wired lyrics and a decidedly "toys-in-the-attic" harpsichord break.
349;9;I always find this an enjoyable listen.
349;10;Two typically romantic Rick Wright songs lead into the oft-criticised "Julia dream", Roger's beautiful folk ballad that comes off perfectly (Nick did describe it as "f**king awful" but I disagree).
348;1;sometimes ill put his winning piece on repeat and listen to it over and over until even my dog is looking at me funny but you know what its that fricken good!
348;2;I wish I could give it more stars.
348;3;sometimes ill put his winning piece on repeat and listen to it over and over until even my dog is looking at me funny but you know what its that fricken good!
348;4;I wish I could give it more stars.
348;5;I wish I could give it more stars.
348;6;I wish I could give it more stars.
348;7;I wish I could give it more stars.
348;8;Lyrics are perfect and that's exactly what defines this purely talented band.
348;9;I wish I could give it more stars.
348;10;My niece is going to love her gift.
347;1;A good buy for anyone who enjoys the great voice of Raul.
347;2;As fans of this band know, The Mavericks were one of the most acclaimed country bands of the 1990s and, at their apex, they were among the most popular.
347;3;Refreshing to see a band this good, with all the right influences and intentions, making it big.
347;4;As fans of this band know, The Mavericks were one of the most acclaimed country bands of the 1990s and, at their apex, they were among the most popular.
347;5;As fans of this band know, The Mavericks were one of the most acclaimed country bands of the 1990s and, at their apex, they were among the most popular.
347;6;As fans of this band know, The Mavericks were one of the most acclaimed country bands of the 1990s and, at their apex, they were among the most popular.
347;7;As fans of this band know, The Mavericks were one of the most acclaimed country bands of the 1990s and, at their apex, they were among the most popular.
347;8;As fans of this band know, The Mavericks were one of the most acclaimed country bands of the 1990s and, at their apex, they were among the most popular.
347;9;For anyone who loves to dance this is a wonderful collection of music, too.
347;10;All of their CD's are worth purchasing, love them!
346;1;Outstanding and as good as his last 2 CDs.
346;2;Daughtry graces us once again with a mix of some of the best of the best songs I've heard in a long time.
346;3;Outstanding and as good as his last 2 CDs.
346;4;Daughtry graces us once again with a mix of some of the best of the best songs I've heard in a long time.
346;5;Chris Daughtry's voice sings no song wrong...The music is sharp and focused.
346;6;Daughtry graces us once again with a mix of some of the best of the best songs I've heard in a long time.
346;7;Daughtry graces us once again with a mix of some of the best of the best songs I've heard in a long time.
346;8;Lyrics are meaningful and ring true.
346;9;Daughtry graces us once again with a mix of some of the best of the best songs I've heard in a long time.
346;10;It reminds me of the hard rockers of the 70's that I loved and makes me forget that 4 decades have past.
345;1;The solo is again really good.
345;2;But if you're like me and enjoy more of their newer albums, this one definitely is worth listening to...Just on a side note, nu metal has gotten a bad wrap from a lot people, but I never understood why.
345;3;The solo is again really good.
345;4;If your into metal and working out and getting that energy that you need at the gym then in flames delivers.
345;5;The solo is again great.
345;6;The solo is again great.
345;7;The solo is again great.
345;8;But if you're like me and enjoy more of their newer albums, this one definitely is worth listening to...Just on a side note, nu metal has gotten a bad wrap from a lot people, but I never understood why.
345;9;The solo is again great.
345;10;Obviously this is not the exact same sound as the band's earlier work, but it is still heavy, melodic metal and I love nearly every track here.
344;1;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
344;2;"The Tear Heals" 10/10  Mandy Moore did a phenomenal job with the emotion in her voice in this very sad scene in the movie.
344;3;This is a very good soundtrack!
344;4;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
344;5;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
344;6;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
344;7;When you're in the car and aren't able to watch the DVD, this soundtrack is a great way to experience the movie.
344;8;"The Tear Heals" 10/10  Mandy Moore did a phenomenal job with the emotion in her voice in this very sad scene in the movie.
344;9;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
344;10;I fell in love with the movie ever since I saw it for the first time.
326;1;"Suite Charlotte Pike," as has been said, is a schizophrenic, Beatles- sounding tune that is a light- hearted, happy affair, heralding back to Abbey Road.
326;2;It brings in ethereal soft sections, a crashing metal movement (though the heaviness has no negative effect on the band's melodies), and lyrics that make you feel pretty darn good.
326;3;And you'll find passages evocative of Crimson and Gentle Giant thrown in for good measure.
326;4;It segues into Suite Charlotte Pike, one of my favorite songs from this band.
326;5;They are all very solid, demonstrating great musical focus and coherence, fusing wonderful rhythms, melodies and ambience seamlessly...The interaction between the musicians is incredible, with plenty of balance and space for each to shine yet never outshine.
326;6;These guys could talk about anything -- even a cook book and it would still be cool!
326;7;The songs here all flow together in seamless unity taking the listener on a pretty good trip.
326;8;The spiritual lyrics, the soft beaming melodies, and the weighty emotion are wonderful.
326;9;"Suite Charlotte Pike" is a truly fun romp that doesn't take itself seriously.
326;10;I love a good secret, as long as nobody gets harmed in the process...If this album had been cut when the Baby Boomers were young, I predict that this band would be filling stadiums.
327;1;All of the songs are really good...and Alanis sounds so happy!
327;2;It's still worth listening to, only if you want to feel like I did
327;3;On "Knees of My Bees" she confesses her love, while "Everything" has to do with her appreciation for her lover putting up with her good and bad.
327;4;Thank God Alanis was born...What I love about this album is of course, her voice.
327;5;Thank God Alanis was born...What I love about this album is of course, her voice.
327;6;"Hands Clean" got Under Rug Swept noticed.
327;7;This song is best experienced driving down a motorway!
327;8;She rocks with great lyrics as well!
327;9;When something like THAT gets me all hot and bothered, I listen to this beautiful CD that makes me smile, dance, laugh and at times cry.
327;10;Thank God Alanis was born...What I love about this album is of course, her voice.
324;1;Nice debut album with plenty of songs go choose from, a good start for him
324;2;He expresses a unique blend of anger, pain, & joy.
324;3;Nice debut album with plenty of songs go choose from, a good start for him
324;4;It's definitely a five star album.
324;5;It's definitely a five star album.
324;6;It's definitely a five star album.
324;7;"Lets Ride" is Ja spitting lyrics in a fast pace, beat is real hot and its a great track to bump in your car.
324;8;Raspy voice, slick lyrics, good guests and PRINTED  LYRICS so we don't have to guess at what he's saying... it can't get any  better.
324;9;It's definitely a five star album.
324;10;If you like DMX then you'll love Ja Rule.
325;1;This song is fun and lyrically poor but keep the joint and emotion in all the song...7.
325;2;There is a slight bittersweet hint in the song because of the "pain verse" and lyrics, which makes it even more fun and playful.
325;3;Over all it is a pretty good album to relax too.
325;4;True I'm pleased that I have this, but it would be nice to be able to sing along to the songs LOL!
325;5;THe remix is intersting enough, but I prefer the originals harder hitting sound...La Pared is great, and I'm not sure which version I like better...Las De La Intuicion is very "Kylie Minoque"-I laughed when I read the other reviewer.
325;6;True I'm pleased that I have this, but it would be nice to be able to sing along to the songs LOL!
325;7;Listening to it is like taking a trip through decades of culture with the latin beauty at your side.
325;8;Reminiscent of "Tu", with less balladery and a bit less romanticism due to the sad lyric.
325;9;The first time I heard the cd, I thougth it had some good dance beats and liked her voice.
325;10;I love her, she's so smart, articulate, beautiful and so very talented.
322;1;In This Skin (9.5/10) A very uplifting feel good song, the lyrics are great and the tune is fantastic, alittle pop, some rock, some ballad its awesome!
322;2;It's a beautiful ballad about if the one you loved was taken away out of the blue and pretty much how you'd never forget that person.
322;3;I have always like Jessica music and wish that her and nick could work things out I throught they was good together.
322;4;"Be"...this is ranking up there as one of my top 5 favorite songs of the year.
322;5;Okay, I've read some of these "1 Star" reviews and I was so surprised.
322;6;"Be"...this is ranking up there as one of my top 5 favorite songs of the year.
322;7;This song is a uptempo guitar driven pop song, reminscient of Christina Aguilera's "Beautiful" - it's about feeling confident and beautiful in your own skin.
322;8;...the piano accompaniment helps to build the emotion and vocally this is a very difficult song to perform...lyrically, it's a masterpiece as well and the second best song on the album.
322;9;Jessica offers up lots of fun stuff on this release.
322;10;Lyrically, I love this song and the musical background makes it even dreamier...the song we have waited for Jessica to make for so long and it's single worthy.
323;1;Head over Heels should have sounded happy, but it sounds as cool as ice.
323;2;"The Visitors" is the ultimate example of their progression from their first, relatively lightweight "Ring Ring" album in 1973.
323;3;It reads like a journal entry of a desperate, bored woman who cites off her daily activities before a person
323;4;"The Visitors" is the ultimate example of their progression from their first, relatively lightweight "Ring Ring" album in 1973.
323;5;It reads like a journal entry of a desperate, bored woman who cites off her daily activities before a person
323;6;"The Visitors" is the ultimate example of their progression from their first, relatively lightweight "Ring Ring" album in 1973.
323;7;"The Visitors" is the ultimate example of their progression from their first, relatively lightweight "Ring Ring" album in 1973.
323;8;Despite criticism for being overtly commerical this Opus indicates ABBA as accomplished and mature artistes who are capable of writing deeper lyrics and musical structure while maintaining a commercial appeal.
323;9;It's actually cool and fun to dance to.
323;10;It was a drastic change from the purely pop context that made them famous, but nevertheless a natural progression since the divorce of the group's last remaining couple before the making of this album.
320;1;I absolutely think it's fantastic how they created this compilation because of its emotion and a song-you-don't-want-to-miss type aspect of this CD.
320;2;"Still Waters" is one of my favorite  records from the Bee Gees,from the top 40 hit,"Alone," to the magical"Smoke and Mirrors," you will fall in love with this CD.The greatest cut is "Irresistible force."
320;3;It's very rare that I find a CD that's good from begining to end, no skips, what-so-ever.
320;4;"Still Waters" is one of my favorite  records from the Bee Gees,from the top 40 hit,"Alone," to the magical"Smoke and Mirrors," you will fall in love with this CD.The greatest cut is "Irresistible force."
320;5;The harmony of the boys is great on this album, and the lyrics, well, one should not read them with their parents around!
320;6;"Still Waters" is one of my favorite  records from the Bee Gees,from the top 40 hit,"Alone," to the magical"Smoke and Mirrors," you will fall in love with this CD.The greatest cut is "Irresistible force."
320;7;My girlfriend and I listen to this over and over in our cars...I burned mine in my system, she has the original cd in her car and i think shes never going to relinquish it.
320;8;Obsessions has great lyrics and entrancing emotions you shall not miss -- this song becomes increasingly better--the song accumulates into a very powerful, synthesising conclusion.
320;9;"Still Waters" is one of my favorite  records from the Bee Gees,from the top 40 hit,"Alone," to the magical"Smoke and Mirrors," you will fall in love with this CD.The greatest cut is "Irresistible force."
320;10;"Still Waters" is one of my favorite  records from the Bee Gees,from the top 40 hit,"Alone," to the magical"Smoke and Mirrors," you will fall in love with this CD.The greatest cut is "Irresistible force."
321;1;Everything about this album is just fantastic.
321;2;Song for song,this is possibly the best and most powerful album i've ever heard.
321;3;This is as good as it gets from the seventies.
321;4;Song for song,this is possibly the best and most powerful album i've ever heard.
321;5;Song for song,this is possibly the best and most powerful album i've ever heard.
321;6;Song for song,this is possibly the best and most powerful album i've ever heard.
321;7;Song for song,this is possibly the best and most powerful album i've ever heard.
321;8;The band themselves recorded it on the first take - some great lyrics sung with heart by Byron builds into a long keyboard and guitar interlude which is brilliant.
321;9;great version from the standerd regular issue, it has bunus tracks and it is fun to hear the different versions of the sane tunes
321;10;Ranging in dynamics from a whisper to a roar, the band takes a simple song about searching for love, and turns it into an emotional masterpiece, highlighting David Byron's incredibly expressive voice, and featuring a mind-blowing Moog synthesizer solo on the extended outtro by guest Manfred Mann.
334;1;I enjoy 1982's "The Concerts in China", and I've kept his other double live CD of 1994's "Hong Kong".
334;2;I do like it, but I gotta be in the mood to listen to it.
334;3;Perhaps some noises can be likened to the Earth 'breathing' or perhaps it is more like the sound of waves rolling in and out of a beach...  Towards the end, you hear some Latin American sounds from the synthesiser-like maraccas, perhaps...  In conclusion, this is a terrific album-tracks 2 and 4 are pop classics, and the rest is what I would call very good 'hot bath' music!
334;4;His music is so universal, the Iranian radio and tv, have been using his tunes since the revolution for all their sports programs, of course without giving him credit.
334;5;It also appeared as the main theme for a film we watched when I was in eighth grade Social Studies.
334;6;Very simplistic, very clean and melodic.
334;7;Quite the trip
334;8;Patti Smith-Horses ['arty' music with poetic lyrics].
334;9;I do like it, but I gotta be in the mood to listen to it.
334;10;I love the innovators of electronic music of the seventies, and Jean Michel Jarre became my favorite when I first started buying CD's in the eighties.
335;1;It's a fun nod to those who may have been dismayed at Beck's gentler side: he still knows how to let loose...Mutations is a slow grower and one that took me a while to warm up to.
335;2;Though it contains one arguably bad song, the rest of "Mutations" is great.
335;3;, this might be a good place to start.
335;4;This is the best record of Beck, for sure.
335;5;This is the best record of Beck, for sure.
335;6;Funny enough, "Nobody's Fault" is definitely one of the more serious-sounding, somewhat anguished songs on this CD
335;7;This is the best record of Beck, for sure.
335;8;Terrific lyrics, deeply felt and amazing melodies.
335;9;It's a fun nod to those who may have been dismayed at Beck's gentler side: he still knows how to let loose...Mutations is a slow grower and one that took me a while to warm up to.
335;10;the solos, the music, the strange spacey effects, becks awesome voice, becks amazing lyrics...theres a lot of imagery of alcohol, infidelity, longing, and all the good stuff you'd see in a sappy western love movie, which fits the music perfectly...it sounds like bob dylan kinda.
332;1;Good poetry and lots of energy.
332;2;Good poetry and lots of energy.
332;3;Good poetry and lots of energy.
332;4;Good poetry and lots of energy.
332;5;At times it's nasally but he's really studied it and his voice is unmistakable, a very unique signature without any pretense...He's pure and simple, extremely melodic as well as an adept player.
332;6;Good poetry and lots of energy.
332;7;I first listened to "Jake Bugg" in my car (at maximum volume) and replayed "Seen it All" four times in a row.
332;8;Catchy hooks and melodies, deep yet playful lyrics, great delivery, and all topped off with unflinching emotion that shows no sign of trepidation.
332;9;"Seen It All" has a delight pop feel with an upbeat melody and a dark lyric about a stabbing at a party with Jake's voice wry, loaded with shades of expression from excitement to regret.
332;10;I loved listening to this debut  CD where each song featured an intricate portrait with a mixture of social commentary, personal introspection, and romantic ambivalence.
333;1;The LP is best enjoyed when listened to through a  good pair of studio quality headphones so you can pick up on all the little  nuances and added details in the music.
333;2;I find it one third sad, one third funny, and the other third rewarding that I stay home on some nights to listen to music.
333;3;This album isn't disappointing at all, its good.
333;4;I think the covers look  fresh.
333;5;Finally, the album ends with a poem that brings the title into focus.
333;6;I find it one third sad, one third funny, and the other third rewarding that I stay home on some nights to listen to music.
333;7;I think the covers look  fresh.
333;8;Intelligent lyrics and amazing musicianship are the hallmarks of this essential album.
333;9;I think the covers look  fresh.
333;10;they make all kinds of hip-hop, from harder songs ("the next movement") to mellow songs ("act too: love of my life") to grammy award winners ("you got me").
330;1;This album delivers the sense of getting up dancing to the beat The title track "Goodies" hit #1 on the billboard charts and "1,2 step" and "Oh" both hit #2 on the billboard charts but these are not the  only good songs on the album.
330;2;Jazze Pha and Ciara did an awesome production on it!
330;3;This album delivers the sense of getting up dancing to the beat The title track "Goodies" hit #1 on the billboard charts and "1,2 step" and "Oh" both hit #2 on the billboard charts but these are not the  only good songs on the album.
330;4;Jazze Pha and Ciara did an awesome production on it!
330;5;Jazze Pha and Ciara did an awesome production on it!
330;6;Jazze Pha and Ciara did an awesome production on it!
330;7;Jazze Pha and Ciara did an awesome production on it!
330;8;It's really catchy and I love the chorus - "I bet you want the goodies... keep on looking cuz they stay in the jar" Ciara sings really well and the lyrics are superb.
330;9;R&b can still be fun and still makes u wanna dance.
330;10;My girlfriend love Ciara too,.
331;1;Particularly, Unintended, Muscle Museum, and Uno are simply fantastic.
331;2;Multiple songs portray anguish and pain and some border on dark, but it's overall amazing music.
331;3;showbiz has very simple guitar riffs and some soloing that would leaving you breathless and even the straight ahead songs like escape are really quite good.
331;4;What makes it particularly marvelous is the fact that it's a debut album.
331;5;The weakness of this track for me is perhaps that the overall production and arrangement lacks a bit of focus - it's great, but it's not a masterpiece - but still a wonderful song.
331;6;I took it  home and never liked it at all but Iwanted to give them a chance and the CD  kept drawing me to it and each time after it got better and better each  time.
331;7;Play this in your car, and you will be enveloped by a  flood of rich, creative sound that does not sound like Radiohead.
331;8;The first time I heard this song, it brought tears to my eyes, there is so much emotion and complexity to this song, I actually called my brother while listening to this song the first time and told him to by this CD.
331;9;what a great record from start to finish, with only one down point and that is falling down, which really sucks...but this album is fun and interesting.
331;10;This C.D. at first did not appeal to me past two songs, but it grew on me eventually until I loved almost every track.
328;1;But Clutch is one of the very few bands I actually enjoy paying attention to the lyrics because they are so entertaining.
328;2;There is a amazing amount of variation in their remarkably consistent sound that will keep you entertained from beginning to end.
328;3;This is good, ol' fashioned blues rock music at its best.
328;4;There is a amazing amount of variation in their remarkably consistent sound that will keep you entertained from beginning to end.
328;5;There is a amazing amount of variation in their remarkably consistent sound that will keep you entertained from beginning to end.
328;6;There is a amazing amount of variation in their remarkably consistent sound that will keep you entertained from beginning to end.
328;7;There is a amazing amount of variation in their remarkably consistent sound that will keep you entertained from beginning to end.
328;8;Like Dave Wyndorf during one of his infamous live rants, Neil's lyrics initially sound like an unrelated stream of words and phrases, but then your realize that all the words fit together brilliantly.
328;9;Just a fun CD with a great sound from one of the best small venue bands I have had the pleasure to see for a long time.
328;10;Buy it if you love that rock-with-some-western-flavor sort of music.
329;1;I had the good fortune of seeing Fogerty on tour earlier this year, and he put on a rocking show, while clearly enjoying himself (again?)
329;2;It's out of chronological order, which usually is a bad thing for CD's like this, but on here it works perfectly.
329;3;Like the saying goes, it is all good.
329;4;In fact the cd is playing so I can get into a good workout.
329;5;Has all his great hits at a great price.
329;6;I have their CD also and keep that one for the house and keep this one in my truck.
329;7;The Long Road Home is well worth the trip.
329;8;It's out of chronological order, which usually is a bad thing for CD's like this, but on here it works perfectly.
329;9;Has all his great hits at a great price.
329;10;There are some live versions of some not so well known, but loved among die hards, songs like "Bootleg" and "Keep On Chooglin'".
373;1;The idea was good, but some things are best kept as that, an idea.
373;2;Still has that mainstream commercial edge to it, but that isn't necessarily bad.
373;3;The idea was good, but some things are best kept as that, an idea.
373;4;These guys are still as cool as they ever were.
373;5;These guys are still as cool as they ever were.
373;6;These guys are still as cool as they ever were.
373;7;This EP is a great continuation to the amazing album Death Magnetic with the same driving tracks that were created on the previous album.
373;8;Nonetheless it is the best $5 bucks I've ever spent every song is great the riffs, solos, lyrics are all badass!
373;9;These guys are still as cool as they ever were.
373;10;i love metallica an when this came to stores i knew i had to have this and so i got it and my friend had preordered his so thats how he got his so fast and when i heard it i knew i had to have it............its a good buy i promise
372;1;Thus it is to be studied or enjoyed or both as  a special treat.
372;2;"I got it bad" is an indescriptible masterpiece
372;3;"I got it bad" is an indescriptible masterpiece
372;4;This is certainly the case here...  What is never said here, overlooked entirely, and can be a joy to the truth jazz lover is this is Louis's Swing Album.
372;5;Thus it is to be studied or enjoyed or both as  a special treat.
372;6;"I'm just a lucky so and so" has some down home blues playing by Duke,and an infectious vocal part by Satch.
372;7;This is certainly the case here...  What is never said here, overlooked entirely, and can be a joy to the truth jazz lover is this is Louis's Swing Album.
372;8;"I got it bad" is an indescriptible masterpiece
372;9;Obviously, 2 masters having fun and it makes me smile every time I listen to them on this cd.
372;10;I love rock n" roll.....
375;1;While mostly ignored, it's an amazing showcase for the band's ability to put together catchy, fun music, and for Lord and Blackmore's terrific instrumental skills - not in playing faster and faster, but in playing good music.
375;2;Today we can sit and berate the quality of the recording though it's not that bad, and chuckle at some of the lyrics (it does get a little out there at times) but this was made at an interesting time in history and indeed music was undergoing some incredible change.
375;3;"Anyone's Daughter" is a blues/rock song that doesn't seem to fit Deep Purple, but it's still pretty good.
375;4;In short, a must for fans and casual listeners alike...Key tracks:.
375;5;In short, a must for fans and casual listeners alike...Key tracks:.
375;6;In short, a must for fans and casual listeners alike...Key tracks:.
375;7;Gillan sings far superior to Ozzy or Plant, Ritchie Blackmore plays a more classically tinged and intense guitar, Roger Glover plays a more hard driving aggressive bass, Ian Paice plays a more sophisticated style of drumming, that swings and Jon Lord brings keyboards to the table, which puts them miles ahead of their rivals.
375;8;Today we can sit and berate the quality of the recording though it's not that bad, and chuckle at some of the lyrics (it does get a little out there at times) but this was made at an interesting time in history and indeed music was undergoing some incredible change.
375;9;While mostly ignored, it's an amazing showcase for the band's ability to put together catchy, fun music, and for Lord and Blackmore's terrific instrumental skills - not in playing faster and faster, but in playing good music.
375;10;I really LOVE this song a great deal...5.
374;1;cd is good and was well packaged.
374;2;Sailing is a great Mellow cut.
374;3;cd is good and was well packaged.
374;4;Sailing is a great Mellow cut.
374;5;Sailing is a great Mellow cut.
374;6;Sailing is a great Mellow cut.
374;7;Sailing is a great Mellow cut.
374;8;Superb production with lots of melodic songs, great lyrics & expert musicianship.
374;9;Sailing is a great Mellow cut.
374;10;Love all the songs from this album and sound quality is good.
369;1;The band is in fantastic shape and has produced with Karma another true gem that will stand the test of time for sure.
369;2;They got a bad break thanks to Beavis and Butthead, as they were very talented musicians who always played well.
369;3;I can say that it's a good example of an album that it's direct, heavy, but not stupid, at the same time deep musically and exceptional under the composition point of view.
369;4;Thus, the potential for magic exists on anything they play!
369;5;I bought this album based on reading a few reviews from a variety of sources stating with a good album it was.
369;6;Thus, the potential for magic exists on anything they play!
369;7;"Big World Away" is another killer track with a great uptempo driving beat.
369;8;The lyrics are well-written and meaningful.
369;9;Thus, the potential for magic exists on anything they play!
369;10;I really loved and still love IV of course, the latest Winger album.
368;1;On "Every Little Step" and "I'll Be Good To You" he's back with the new jack swing groove again and,as on the rest of the songs,asserting himself far more strongly as a lyrical personality.
368;2;Bobby Brown,a member of New Edition,began his solo career in 1986 when the group released their fourth album UNDER THE BLUE MOON.
368;3;This song will ease you of worries and make you relax with lyrics like "Dreams were made for those who sleep, tears are made for those who weep".
368;4;"Take It Slow" has these great double tracked vocals and jazzy musical harmonies or a Marvin Gaye classic for the late 80's and is another personal favorite of mine.
368;5;"Take It Slow" has these great double tracked vocals and jazzy musical harmonies or a Marvin Gaye classic for the late 80's and is another personal favorite of mine.
368;6;"Take It Slow" has these great double tracked vocals and jazzy musical harmonies or a Marvin Gaye classic for the late 80's and is another personal favorite of mine.
368;7;A dance driven track highlighted by the deep toned keys and overall instrumentation.
368;8;This album matches quite well with his bad boy image and superb artistry that he brings to it.
368;9;A dance driven track highlighted by the deep toned keys and overall instrumentation.
368;10;As his performance in the pitch of the lyrical arrangement "...if you believe in love and all that it can do for you..." set a plateau of expectations for the following "Rock Wit'cha" that did not disappoint.
371;1;It may not be a flawless masterpiece like number of the beast,but it's still a very good album which will eventually grow on you.
371;2;They're extremely different and fresh, and while it's true that albums like "Killers" and "The Number Of The Beast" don't have a bad track on them either, I'd take Apparition and Weekend over "Genghis Khan" and "Invaders" if forced to make a choice.
371;3;It may not be a flawless masterpiece like number of the beast,but it's still a very good album which will eventually grow on you.
371;4;The first half of the song is a ballad, in which Bruce proves that he really can sing softer stuff when he wants to.
371;5;But if you're reading this because you don't have enough information about this album, here are some facts... This album was rated as "a really great album" by metal magazines like "Metal Hammer" and "Kerrang"
371;6;The sound is crisp clean and nice.
371;7;The first half of the song is a ballad, in which Bruce proves that he really can sing softer stuff when he wants to.
371;8;The tremendous drum intro to "The Fugitive", the haunting voice-echo effects on "Fear Of The Dark", the vast gauntlet of emotions present in one track like "Fear Is The Key", and totally unMaiden-like but somehow perfectly fitting choruses in "Chains Of Misery": the list of pluses to this album could go on and on.
371;9;The first half of the song is a ballad, in which Bruce proves that he really can sing softer stuff when he wants to.
371;10;I love it when he sings in that snarling tone.
370;1;This isn't Slayer's best, but it's still very good, so don't even think about passing it up.
370;2;I love everything about this album, and it's one of their best.
370;3;This isn't Slayer's best, but it's still very good, so don't even think about passing it up.
370;4;I love everything about this album, and it's one of their best.
370;5;I love everything about this album, and it's one of their best.
370;6;I love everything about this album, and it's one of their best.
370;7;I love everything about this album, and it's one of their best.
370;8;Great melodic parts, and some of their coolest lyrics yet.
370;9;I love everything about this album, and it's one of their best.
370;10;I love everything about this album, and it's one of their best.
381;1;delivers the goods, whether you enjoy this for the excitement, the banter, or, most importantly, the music...I highly recommend this to the younger generation, because most concerts nowadays cannot HOLD A CANDLE to the time when this was recorded (back when the party was still very happening, and very swinging!)
381;2;Simply one of the best albums ever made!!!!
381;3;He was and still is a natural born performer, an extremely talented guitarist and his music was (and still is) extremely good, despite his lyrics that some may call stupid but are simply funny r'n'r lyrics to me.
381;4;Simply one of the best albums ever made!!!!
381;5;Simply one of the best albums ever made!!!!
381;6;Simply one of the best albums ever made!!!!
381;7;Simply one of the best albums ever made!!!!
381;8;He was and still is a natural born performer, an extremely talented guitarist and his music was (and still is) extremely good, despite his lyrics that some may call stupid but are simply funny r'n'r lyrics to me.
381;9;delivers the goods, whether you enjoy this for the excitement, the banter, or, most importantly, the music...I highly recommend this to the younger generation, because most concerts nowadays cannot HOLD A CANDLE to the time when this was recorded (back when the party was still very happening, and very swinging!)
381;10;This album is essential to understand where all that hair metal from the eighties came from (by the way each time I see Ted's with a guitar in the seventies I understand where John Sykes for example took a lot of his cool attitude and look from ... I love him too be sure).
380;1;Highly recommended for those who enjoy art that not only looks `good' or sounds `catchy' but also has something to say.
380;2;The LPs are mastered from the original master tapes.
380;3;The Clash's debut is a very raw, gritty sounding punk rock, much different form the experimental but quite good "London Calling."
380;4;The LPs are mastered from the original master tapes.
380;5;The LPs are mastered from the original master tapes.
380;6;The LPs are mastered from the original master tapes.
380;7;I now listen to this great tape while driving my ancient jalopy which still has a working cassette player.
380;8;True garage-punk, with poignant lyrics, and just great songs.
380;9;The LPs are mastered from the original master tapes.
380;10;Love the energy and the funky kind of reggae vibe to it.
383;1;I love the song Your Man and the rest of the sons sounds so good.
383;2;Loved his clear, masculine baritone from the first moment I heard it.
383;3;I love the song Your Man and the rest of the sons sounds so good.
383;4;Loved his clear, masculine baritone from the first moment I heard it.
383;5;Loved his clear, masculine baritone from the first moment I heard it.
383;6;Next is "Baby's Gone Home To Mama", a hilarious redneck romp that finds Turner in his trailer house on a rainy day, laying around in his "po'jammies" and saying good riddance to "the little Chihuahuah"...The first major highlight of the album is "No Rush", a four minute waltz of seduction with the first verse spoken.
383;7;Josh Turner, the twenty eight year old country boy with a voice carved from solid granite, invites you to take a trip with him to the South Carolina Low Country, a genius phrase he recently coined to describe his playful neotraditional sound and the name for the Myrtle Beach region of his home state.
383;8;"Gravity" is a sweet, unique lyric, claiming that it's responsible for bringing the couple together..."Well, I never really liked it much.
383;9;Many of the songs on this CD are upbeat though so don't misunderstand...Your Man and Would you go with me are so very romantic...Angel's fall sometimes is very thought provoking...Baby's gone home to mama and Way down south are fun and upbeat...Loretta Lynn's Lincoln is also upbeat but zany too.
383;10;Loved his clear, masculine baritone from the first moment I heard it.
382;1;I really like Walter Trout and this album is fantastic and the bonus dvd really gives an insight into how good this man really is
382;2;The band and the stereo (right/left-sub) only recording is great.
382;3;Walter looks terrible, so sorry to see...The CD is absolutely brilliant if you like blues, every song is a master piece...Good music to all!
382;4;The band and the stereo (right/left-sub) only recording is great.
382;5;(You'll have to read Trout's own liner notes to learn the humorous source of this title.)
382;6;The band and the stereo (right/left-sub) only recording is great.
382;7;The band and the stereo (right/left-sub) only recording is great.
382;8;Walter hasn't always given a straight answer when asked if his music was the blues... but this remarkable triumvirate of Walter Trout Blues Media provides  a treasure trove of blues emotion for any electric blues fan... as well as a Walter Trout fan... or both.
382;9;The band and the stereo (right/left-sub) only recording is great.
382;10;My first Walter Trout CD and I love it.
377;1;I always wanted a really good quality Stryper concert on video since I was a kid and I feel like this really delivers!
377;2;The concert itself sounds and looks great.
377;3;I always wanted a really good quality Stryper concert on video since I was a kid and I feel like this really delivers!
377;4;The concert itself sounds and looks great.
377;5;The concert itself sounds and looks great.
377;6;The family wasn't home yet, so I ripped open the package, put it in the DVD player, and cranked it up.
377;7;The concert itself sounds and looks great.
377;8;Real deal christians with some lyrics that reflect Gods written word with some rockin songs and a few mellow ones.
377;9;The concert itself sounds and looks great.
377;10;Any metal fan, secular or Christian should love this masterpiece.
376;1;It is hard to sit through the back half of the album because the front section is so good.
376;2;Every song on this cd is pure gold, his thought provoking lyrics are present in every song, except for perhaps "you never know" which is still a great, albeit sad song.
376;3;It is hard to sit through the back half of the album because the front section is so good.
376;4;He is a conspirity theorist which I find cool as well.
376;5;Anyone that tells you to "Just read" at the end of a track is on the right track.
376;6;His passion, flow and delivery are second to no one, the beats are clean and hit.
376;7;He knows that it's about surviving and about saying what you wanna say and not about a rolex and a car.
376;8;Every song on this cd is pure gold, his thought provoking lyrics are present in every song, except for perhaps "you never know" which is still a great, albeit sad song.
376;9;He is a conspirity theorist which I find cool as well.
376;10;The metaphors that Tech spits are deep and make take a couple listens to truly catch.
379;1;This is rolling in the aisles good music, nothing better.
379;2;Perhaps my judgement of it is colored just slightly with his loss to the world, but in truth I think it really does stand up as one of his finest releases.
379;3;This is rolling in the aisles good music, nothing better.
379;4;Perhaps my judgement of it is colored just slightly with his loss to the world, but in truth I think it really does stand up as one of his finest releases.
379;5;Perhaps my judgement of it is colored just slightly with his loss to the world, but in truth I think it really does stand up as one of his finest releases.
379;6;Perhaps my judgement of it is colored just slightly with his loss to the world, but in truth I think it really does stand up as one of his finest releases.
379;7;Perhaps my judgement of it is colored just slightly with his loss to the world, but in truth I think it really does stand up as one of his finest releases.
379;8;I can wholeheartedly recommend this CD, In step and Texas Flood by overlooking the undesirable lyrics of Mary had a little lamb.
379;9;Perhaps my judgement of it is colored just slightly with his loss to the world, but in truth I think it really does stand up as one of his finest releases.
379;10;Love this cd thank you
378;1;This is an album filled with fun, funky, dance-friendly songs.
378;2;Love the 80's, CD is fabulous
378;3;And they managed to go out having progressed a good way to being themselves and with their original character very much on display.
378;4;Love the 80's, CD is fabulous
378;5;Love the 80's, CD is fabulous
378;6;The clean slickness emmerging in the production on&nbsp
378;7;These guys play a form of muscular funk that you haven't heard, tight snares crackin, deep bass driven grooves with colorful space age synth highlights.
378;8;Love the 80's, CD is fabulous
378;9;This is an album filled with fun, funky, dance-friendly songs.
378;10;Love the 80's, CD is fabulous
356;1;So if you want to hear much of Stevie Ray's very best guitar playing and also hear alot of his very cool rock blues vocals, I strongly recommend that you immediately purchase and much enjoy Real Deal Greatest Hits 1.
356;2;This new compilation, when purchased together with "The Real Deal, Vol.
356;3;Good album for the individual that wants one CD with a variety of Stevie's music.
356;4;This new compilation, when purchased together with "The Real Deal, Vol.
356;5;This new compilation, when purchased together with "The Real Deal, Vol.
356;6;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
356;7;I bought these to keep in my car.
356;8;This new compilation, when purchased together with "The Real Deal, Vol.
356;9;This new compilation, when purchased together with "The Real Deal, Vol.
356;10;Fell in love with his music when I saw him perform in a concert on PBS public television.
357;1;who is lil wayne and how did he get so good?
357;2;Lil Wayne is on top of his game,as he released 5 solo albums,3 group albums,most recently a duo album with Baby and has a numerous amount of mixtapes.
357;3;who is lil wayne and how did he get so good?
357;4;Lil Wayne is on top of his game,as he released 5 solo albums,3 group albums,most recently a duo album with Baby and has a numerous amount of mixtapes.
357;5;He finally slowed things down and decided to perfect his lyrics and not focus on making songs for people to bounce to.
357;6;Lil Wayne is on top of his game,as he released 5 solo albums,3 group albums,most recently a duo album with Baby and has a numerous amount of mixtapes.
357;7;Lil Wayne is on top of his game,as he released 5 solo albums,3 group albums,most recently a duo album with Baby and has a numerous amount of mixtapes.
357;8;On The Carter, Mannie's production sometimes overshadowed Wayne's lyrics
357;9;I love his single "Fireman", it has lyrics that explain his struggle to be in the rap industry and the beat makes me want to party.
357;10;a year and a half after that comes "carter 2" which proves that the birdman jr is easily the best rapper the south has to offer...now, I love t.i. and lil' flip (though flip hasn't put out much recently), but they just can't compare to wayne's lyrics.
358;1;This is a very good collection of her hits.
358;2;Trisha's voice and her greatest hits?
358;3;This is a very good collection of her hits.
358;4;Trisha's voice and her greatest hits?
358;5;Trisha's voice and her greatest hits?
358;6;Trisha's voice and her greatest hits?
358;7;Trisha's voice and her greatest hits?
358;8;The songs are great to begin with (wonderful lyrics and haunting melodies), buy when you add her unique, bird-like yet soulful voice, you get PURE MAGIC!
358;9;Trisha's voice and her greatest hits?
358;10;I love the songs on this cd.
359;1;I think anyone who has followed him over the years will enjoy this cd as much as I have...very, very good
359;2;It might just be a bad disc....I hope so...because I love the songs...
359;3;I think anyone who has followed him over the years will enjoy this cd as much as I have...very, very good
359;4;"Batman,Superman,Spiderman" is a poignant electronica rock ballad talking to his child about still loving him after a divorce.
359;5;"Batman,Superman,Spiderman" is a poignant electronica rock ballad talking to his child about still loving him after a divorce.
359;6;Way back home is a classic.
359;7;"Batman,Superman,Spiderman" is a poignant electronica rock ballad talking to his child about still loving him after a divorce.
359;8;This album has every range of emotion, brilliant vocals, and--even with the Deluxe version--has the rare honor of not having a single clunker.
359;9;By being so off the new and beaten track of today's music trends, the music sounds new, fun and alive, with fiddles and mandolins and Rod's voice being the cherry on top of it all.
359;10;"Batman,Superman,Spiderman" is a poignant electronica rock ballad talking to his child about still loving him after a divorce.
352;1;I always enjoy turning on people (usually younger!)
352;2;Leon has more talent in his beard than most song writers, arrangers,and conductors.
352;3;If you are looking for a good overall introduction to Leon Russell's works, this is a good place to start.
352;4;Leon has more talent in his beard than most song writers, arrangers,and conductors.
352;5;Leon has more talent in his beard than most song writers, arrangers,and conductors.
352;6;One of my favorite Leon songs..."Crystal Closet Queen"- "Left my home down in Arkansas", homage to Little Richard?
352;7;Leon has more talent in his beard than most song writers, arrangers,and conductors.
352;8;Beautiful lyrics and great mix of voices.
352;9;Leon has more talent in his beard than most song writers, arrangers,and conductors.
352;10;I love this Retrospective and would recommend it to any of my old friends.
353;1;A bizarre live intro ("This next one... is... the first song... on our new album"), a nice drum beat gets the album off to a good start.
353;2;"Check Your Head" was the first Beastie's record I got about ten years ago, and too this day it is still on of the most exhilirating, smart, confusing records I own...If you have only heard the Beastie's via the mediocre "Liscneced to Ill", then you are in for a shock.
353;3;A bizarre live intro ("This next one... is... the first song... on our new album"), a nice drum beat gets the album off to a good start.
353;4;"Check Your Head" was the first Beastie's record I got about ten years ago, and too this day it is still on of the most exhilirating, smart, confusing records I own...If you have only heard the Beastie's via the mediocre "Liscneced to Ill", then you are in for a shock.
353;5;"Check Your Head" was the first Beastie's record I got about ten years ago, and too this day it is still on of the most exhilirating, smart, confusing records I own...If you have only heard the Beastie's via the mediocre "Liscneced to Ill", then you are in for a shock.
353;6;"Check Your Head" was the first Beastie's record I got about ten years ago, and too this day it is still on of the most exhilirating, smart, confusing records I own...If you have only heard the Beastie's via the mediocre "Liscneced to Ill", then you are in for a shock.
353;7;This record is a classic, lots of really tight tracks and lots of tripped out jams.
353;8;The Beasties completely grew up from their drugs-school-mischief days, and while their lyrics may not be funny like their earliest stuff, they're more mature, and that's a great thing since it would make me cringe to hear 27-year-olds talking about how they don't want to go to school.
353;9;They have such a fun sound.
353;10;What i love about the album is that it's a completely untraditional hip hop album.
354;1;The guitar playing is really heavy and intense with good attention to composition.
354;2;Truly a genre-defining classic, "Bonded By Blood" IS thrash metal.
354;3;The guitar playing is really heavy and intense with good attention to composition.
354;4;Truly a genre-defining classic, "Bonded By Blood" IS thrash metal.
354;5;Truly a genre-defining classic, "Bonded By Blood" IS thrash metal.
354;6;Truly a genre-defining classic, "Bonded By Blood" IS thrash metal.
354;7;Truly a genre-defining classic, "Bonded By Blood" IS thrash metal.
354;8;Freaky & violent lyrics, just their best.
354;9;Paul Balloff is excellent at sounding genuinly pissed, and dishing out some fun primitive lyrics(Exodus for example)...The title track revs you up for a relentless thrash record.
354;10;Anyone who likes this style of music  would surely love this.
355;1;love his voice n music n lyrics  this is a very good cd  happy to add his to my collection... in fact i bought more of his because this was so good
355;2;Beautiful music from a beautiful old soul.
355;3;For those who like quality singer-songwriter work, heavy on the country but without the cliche's (musical and lyrical) and the over-done drawl, with a good mix of old-cowboy and blues, Ray LaMontange is always a solid choice.
355;4;Beautiful music from a beautiful old soul.
355;5;Beautiful music from a beautiful old soul.
355;6;Great folk coffee house sound.
355;7;This album is a massive step up from the debut and I know it will feature heavily in my car over time.
355;8;love his voice n music n lyrics  this is a very good cd  happy to add his to my collection... in fact i bought more of his because this was so good
355;9;Beautiful music from a beautiful old soul.
355;10;Oh yes...love me some 'Ray'  Great band.
364;1;I enjoy R. Kelly's music....this was too explicit for me gave it to my over 21 grandson.
364;2;Spend that club song he rocks it good I can mob to this I ibelieve this is Young Jeezy on this, dope rap verse.Shut up- great song, very biographical and It's meant for the negative reviewers on this board.
364;3;Spend that club song he rocks it good I can mob to this I ibelieve this is Young Jeezy on this, dope rap verse.Shut up- great song, very biographical and It's meant for the negative reviewers on this board.
364;4;Musical "Genius"......those are 2 words that I've always associated with Robert Kelly.
364;5;Musical "Genius"......those are 2 words that I've always associated with Robert Kelly.
364;6;I'm 43 so I have all of his stuff, welcome back home Kels!
364;7;While I am certainly NOT the biggest R.Kelly fan on this planet.......I do admire this brothers courage to "expand" his musical horizons.......to dare to "travel" down musical roads that he isn't expected to travel.
364;8;Musical "Genius"......those are 2 words that I've always associated with Robert Kelly.
364;9;Musical "Genius"......those are 2 words that I've always associated with Robert Kelly.
364;10;I love it and it will be timeless.
365;1;Very good and delivery before estimate time
365;2;well worth having in your collection
365;3;Very good and delivery before estimate time
365;4;well worth having in your collection
365;5;well worth having in your collection
365;6;well worth having in your collection
365;7;well worth having in your collection
365;8;well worth having in your collection
365;9;Takes me back to my younger days when life was fun.
365;10;if you like or love soft rock and maybe a little disco, this one is right up your alley I bought this one not knowing what to expect.
366;1;Fun to listen to especially since I love the show.Have purchased all 3 albums and enjoy every one immensely
366;2;The music and the singers are great, and I am looking forward to Season 2, Vol.
366;3;So much good music  and 5 discs with songs from 21 Episodes.
366;4;The music and the singers are great, and I am looking forward to Season 2, Vol.
366;5;The music and the singers are great, and I am looking forward to Season 2, Vol.
366;6;The women's vocals are all perfectly soft on some and then rock the house down on others and the good old boys on the Cd are also great.
366;7;It's in my car, I listen to it all the time.
366;8;The music and the singers are great, and I am looking forward to Season 2, Vol.
366;9;Fun to listen to especially since I love the show.Have purchased all 3 albums and enjoy every one immensely
366;10;I love the soundtracks from Nashville.
367;1;Kate's range is *ridiculously* good here.
367;2;It is absolutely beautiful although its subject is very sad.
367;3;Kate's range is *ridiculously* good here.
367;4;Also, the title track acts as a perfect ending to the album.
367;5;It's known she liked David Bowie, and studied mime with his old teacher Lindsay Kemp.
367;6;Also, the title track acts as a perfect ending to the album.
367;7;Also, the title track acts as a perfect ending to the album.
367;8;The opening song, "Moving", fades in with whale song, then a deep bass line brings in Kate's opening lyrics, followed by a slow to mid-tempo groove accented by piano, which carries the rest of this excellent song.
367;9;Kate sure was having fun when she wrote the song!
367;10;I love the vocal melody.
360;1;Enjoy a marvelous blend of a variety of tunes.
360;2;Also included is Michael's ode to Antonio Jobim, an artist he has always admired and he pays his respect with "Antonio's Song" and "Down In Brazil" two numbers with a Bossa Nova feel tha work incredibly well.
360;3;That being said, "Sleeping Gypsy" is a delicious slice of  jazz, Brazilian tempos, R & B, all tied together with a wonderful 'pop' sensibility.
360;4;Also included is Michael's ode to Antonio Jobim, an artist he has always admired and he pays his respect with "Antonio's Song" and "Down In Brazil" two numbers with a Bossa Nova feel tha work incredibly well.
360;5;Also included is Michael's ode to Antonio Jobim, an artist he has always admired and he pays his respect with "Antonio's Song" and "Down In Brazil" two numbers with a Bossa Nova feel tha work incredibly well.
360;6;The other highlight, at least for me, is "B'wana He No Home" a song that I certainly can't describe but nonetheless is extremely humorous.
360;7;Also included is Michael's ode to Antonio Jobim, an artist he has always admired and he pays his respect with "Antonio's Song" and "Down In Brazil" two numbers with a Bossa Nova feel tha work incredibly well.
360;8;Being an avid fan of Mr. Franks, it was he who introduced me to this wonderful artist and his completely original lyrics and melodic style of jazz.
360;9;Good sound quality and wonderful background music during a dinner party.
360;10;Nice job, it works, price was right, love to to bus., again with you.
361;1;It's especially fun to hear how good Paisley's voice is compared to everyone else's...I can't rant enough about this album.
361;2;I've never bought a bad Brad Paisley album and this is a good one.
361;3;I've never bought a bad Brad Paisley album and this is a good one.
361;4;This is probably because this album is still fairly new, and more will be coming over the radio in the near future...The first of his great hits from this album is "Ticks", the 2nd track on the disc and a recent #1 hit on Billboard Magazine's Country Music Singles chart.
361;5;This is probably because this album is still fairly new, and more will be coming over the radio in the near future...The first of his great hits from this album is "Ticks", the 2nd track on the disc and a recent #1 hit on Billboard Magazine's Country Music Singles chart.
361;6;This is probably because this album is still fairly new, and more will be coming over the radio in the near future...The first of his great hits from this album is "Ticks", the 2nd track on the disc and a recent #1 hit on Billboard Magazine's Country Music Singles chart.
361;7;"All I Wanted Was a Car" is a hilarious forray into adolescent longing, as is the whistful and stellar "Letter To Me," and the hysterical "Online."
361;8;It begins with a high-energy thumping with fuzzy guitar sounds, and the lyrics present a humorous twist of a boy searching a girl's body for tick infestation after they have been romping in the country fields.
361;9;The album begins with "All I Wanted Was A Car", a contemporary style song telling the story of every teenage boy's dream of owning a machine that brings fun (and maybe friends and dates).
361;10;In a poem sang in 3/4 rhythm, "I'm Still A Guy" the man lists the ways he see things differently than his wife or girlfriend, from a male point of view.
362;1;The number 3 is significant because I believe all good things happen in 3's.
362;2;This is their best- Hitman, Metal Church, Beyond the Black, not a bad tune on here.
362;3;The number 3 is significant because I believe all good things happen in 3's.
362;4;Finally, This being the band's first album, the song writing is incredibly mature.
362;5;Finally, This being the band's first album, the song writing is incredibly mature.
362;6;This album is a masterpiece, and every Heavy Metal fan should give this album a home...HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO FANS OF HEAVY METAL, THRASH, AND METAL CHURCH!
362;7;Finally, This being the band's first album, the song writing is incredibly mature.
362;8;Great vocals, great drums, great lyrics and great guitars.
362;9;The following track "In the Blood" is another great catchy, upbeat thrasher that boasts monster heavy, crunchy, energetic riffing, and heavy, thumping, upbeat double-kick drum work to back up David's dark and unforgiving vocal deliveries, and elsewhere, "(My Favorite) Nightmare" also continues the thrashing fun as it features some more excellent duel shredding solos and harmonies from Vanderhoof and Wells, plus some insane, hefty, speedy drumming, and more wickedly awesome Halford-esque shrieks and screams as well.
362;10;Even though I have pointed out a few deficiencies I am giving this CD five stars just based on the fact I love to listen to it.
363;1;It's fun, happy, motivating - it cooks!
363;2;I dance and sing to it and really enjoy its spirit...I especially enjoy the Latino/Cubano music on the soundtrack, and the older dance standards that have been redone in this style...Absolutely recommend this soundtrack...and the movie!
363;3;Good movie and good soundtrack.
363;4;I dance and sing to it and really enjoy its spirit...I especially enjoy the Latino/Cubano music on the soundtrack, and the older dance standards that have been redone in this style...Absolutely recommend this soundtrack...and the movie!
363;5;The first half of the movie is primarily focused on the "foodie" aspects, in particular the spats between the Jon Favreau character and his restaurant owner and a food critic, respectively, while the second half of the movie brings a tender look at the relationship with the Favreau character and his 10 year old son.
363;6;It's fun, happy, motivating - it cooks!
363;7;Fell in love with the sweet movie and the soundtrack and had to buy it for my road trips.
363;8;I dance and sing to it and really enjoy its spirit...I especially enjoy the Latino/Cubano music on the soundtrack, and the older dance standards that have been redone in this style...Absolutely recommend this soundtrack...and the movie!
363;9;I dance and sing to it and really enjoy its spirit...I especially enjoy the Latino/Cubano music on the soundtrack, and the older dance standards that have been redone in this style...Absolutely recommend this soundtrack...and the movie!
363;10;I love this record and the movie!
410;1;The 50 oldies on this set are all good ones.
410;2;3 fabulous CD's filled with wonderful songs from an era of Greased hair, poodle skirts, broken hearts, and blue suede shoes!
410;3;The 50 oldies on this set are all good ones.
410;4;The 50 oldies on this set are all good ones.
410;5;The 50 oldies on this set are all good ones.
410;6;The 50 oldies on this set are all good ones.
410;7;The 50 oldies on this set are all good ones.
410;8;The 50 oldies on this set are all good ones.
410;9;Great music, well done, great sound, a lot of fun, ver entertaining, especially on the truck c/d system.
410;10;He loves "rock and roll".
411;1;Overall, "Magnification" is a good, durable Yes cd that Yes fans should enjoy.
411;2;At one side Yes has become more accessible since the Open Your Eyes album, but on the other side they have succeeded in keeping their own Yes style and interweave it in their new records, like The Ladder and Magnification, and keeping with that their own identity.
411;3;"Spirit of Survival" is another good track as well, reminiscent of earlier good YES stuff, but with that "new" YES feel to it.
411;4;At one side Yes has become more accessible since the Open Your Eyes album, but on the other side they have succeeded in keeping their own Yes style and interweave it in their new records, like The Ladder and Magnification, and keeping with that their own identity.
411;5;Each musicians style and identity is in clear focus and Jon Anderson's vocals are some of the best of his recorded history.
411;6;Just look at ELP's "Brain Salad Surgery", Pink Floyd's "The Dark Side Of The Moon", Rush's "2112", Led Zeppelin's "Houses Of The Holy", Tool's "Lateralis", among many others as perfect examples of this fact.
411;7;In the Prence Of knocked me out of the car seat, a 10 minute classic of classic Yes.
411;8;Jon Anderson's lyrics are the usual, but I have always liked his positive, new age musings.
411;9;"Don't Go" is the poppiest and most fun track on the album, with a pretty goofy melody and vocal effects.
411;10;I love this band, and 33 years after they formed, they are still on top of it all.
408;1;There are some REALLY good songs on this album and I have enjoyed it immensely.
408;2;I found this cd because of the "trouble "commerical on tv for the insurance company, and have bought more of Ray Lamontagne since I got the first one, I really enjoy his laid back type of music, and I love his voice.
408;3;Good Willing & the Creek Don't Rise has been in constant rotation on my ipod since I snatched up the Amazon digital download for a mere $3.99 last Tuesday, easily the best music deal I've picked up in a long time!
408;4;I found this cd because of the "trouble "commerical on tv for the insurance company, and have bought more of Ray Lamontagne since I got the first one, I really enjoy his laid back type of music, and I love his voice.
408;5;It is stunning in its clarity and focus.
408;6;Yet the production/recording is better - crisp, full and clean - 2010 quality.
408;7;I found this cd because of the "trouble "commerical on tv for the insurance company, and have bought more of Ray Lamontagne since I got the first one, I really enjoy his laid back type of music, and I love his voice.
408;8;So much emotion in the delivery of each song.
408;9;I found this cd because of the "trouble "commerical on tv for the insurance company, and have bought more of Ray Lamontagne since I got the first one, I really enjoy his laid back type of music, and I love his voice.
408;10;I found this cd because of the "trouble "commerical on tv for the insurance company, and have bought more of Ray Lamontagne since I got the first one, I really enjoy his laid back type of music, and I love his voice.
409;1;Just peruse the list above and you are sure to find a whole bunch of stuff that you would he happy to enjoy once again.
409;2;Kinks at there best, A must have c-d for kinks fans
409;3;Great CD, very good tone and quality, great pricing, and fast delivery.
409;4;Kinks at there best, A must have c-d for kinks fans
409;5;I've read that Waterloo Sunset is the prettiest rock ballad ever written, and although I wouldn't go that far it *is* one of the best...Perhaps it is because when the Kinks were doing their thing in their most prolific days they were working in times when popular music was being redefined in terms of what you "could" or "couldn't" do.
409;6;Kinks at there best, A must have c-d for kinks fans
409;7;Kinks at there best, A must have c-d for kinks fans
409;8;Kinks at there best, A must have c-d for kinks fans
409;9;Kinks at there best, A must have c-d for kinks fans
409;10;Love the Kinks and this collection of most of their best songs.
414;1;Buy this CD if you want to bring back happy memories of when you were growing up in the 70's and you first heard Toni Tennille's irresistable and energetic voice singing these very catchy and very memorable songs.
414;2;Buy this CD if you want to bring back happy memories of when you were growing up in the 70's and you first heard Toni Tennille's irresistable and energetic voice singing these very catchy and very memorable songs.
414;3;But on this cd - every single song is really good.
414;4;Buy this CD if you want to bring back happy memories of when you were growing up in the 70's and you first heard Toni Tennille's irresistable and energetic voice singing these very catchy and very memorable songs.
414;5;Buy this CD if you want to bring back happy memories of when you were growing up in the 70's and you first heard Toni Tennille's irresistable and energetic voice singing these very catchy and very memorable songs.
414;6;Buy this CD if you want to bring back happy memories of when you were growing up in the 70's and you first heard Toni Tennille's irresistable and energetic voice singing these very catchy and very memorable songs.
414;7;Buy this CD if you want to bring back happy memories of when you were growing up in the 70's and you first heard Toni Tennille's irresistable and energetic voice singing these very catchy and very memorable songs.
414;8;True, a lot of the lyrics are corny or downright inane (Muskrat Love), but it's a very pleasant collection of tender and/or happy tunes.
414;9;Buy this CD if you want to bring back happy memories of when you were growing up in the 70's and you first heard Toni Tennille's irresistable and energetic voice singing these very catchy and very memorable songs.
414;10;I love listening to The Captain and Tennille!
415;1;This is good hip hop.
415;2;Quite simply Common delivers and hooking up with Kanye West wasn't a bad touch either.
415;3;Quite simply Common delivers and hooking up with Kanye West wasn't a bad touch either.
415;4;I had this CD some years back and over the years it got scratched.
415;5;What are you doing still reading go and get this album!
415;6;It just made the song that much better and the meaning behind it always hits home especially when Common is involved in it..."The Corner" man what a way to start of the cd (well) after the "Be (Intro)" it hits you off straight from the jump sending a message out there to those fake, wannabe running thing MCs that he's putting on blast without any remorse.
415;7;At a time when the Hip-Hop Generation is consumed with money, cash, cars, and the degredation of women, Common brings us positive music that will uplift the soul.
415;8;Quite simply Common delivers and hooking up with Kanye West wasn't a bad touch either.
415;9;I had this CD some years back and over the years it got scratched.
415;10;From the instrumentals to the lyrics, Common (and his producers) exhibit such pure beauty and reverence for life and love.
412;1;The story is morbid to say the least, but if you enjoy a good horror-flick, you'll enjoy this too.
412;2;It takes a while to let King's voice grow on you, if you've never heard  him before.
412;3;and anytime king  diamond mans a legend and heck five stars come on all you can give him i  make it 10 he is that good .
412;4;It takes a while to let King's voice grow on you, if you've never heard  him before.
412;5;You really have to study the lyrics to get a lot of it and I honestly didn't fully understand it until I read the lyrics to "Abigail II-The Revenge" which reveals a little more.
412;6;Imagine a perfectly written gothic horror novel about a demon child capable of possessing anyone who inhabits the house where her grave lies.
412;7;While the man's Satanic parading and piercing falsetto have driven away more than a few would-be fans, it must be said that his melodic lines and vocal harmonies are absolutely outstanding.
412;8;The intro features some great guitar harmonies and the drum beat makes you think of a horseman "riding up the alley in the rain" as the lyrics say.
412;9;It takes a while to let King's voice grow on you, if you've never heard  him before.
412;10;Fatal Portrait was the first solo KD work i listened too and i thought it really still did sound alot like the previous album he did with MF (Don't Break The Oath) and i loved it.
413;1;The opening riff had me hooked instantly, and is a good opening song.
413;2;The opening riff had me hooked instantly, and is a good opening song.
413;3;The opening riff had me hooked instantly, and is a good opening song.
413;4;The opening riff had me hooked instantly, and is a good opening song.
413;5;At first I laughed when I read that Slash had his 1st solo cd coming out.
413;6;one for the car and one for home (already have the iTunes version!
413;7;He is a great guy who has a lot to offer, but always seems to get stuck with the unstable sort who just take, take, take and drive him nuts.
413;8;The opening riff had me hooked instantly, and is a good opening song.
413;9;It is fun to hear Slash play several different styles with several different vocalists (especially Fergie and Adam Levine).
413;10;This is one of the great first releases of 2010 for looks like to be a mediocre year for music but we will see it is on April after all pick it up while its hot if your a Slash, GN'R VR fan you will love this album.
402;1;very very good album of Bee Gees
402;2;The songs cover a variety of themes - reflective songs, sad songs and even death songs.
402;3;very very good album of Bee Gees
402;4;"I Can't See Nobody" opens with an absolutely gorgeous string intro, and the strings continue throughout the track.
402;5;Great as they are, it is sometimes nice to be able to focus on one aspect of their career - in this case their sixties music.
402;6;"Massachusetts" is a pleasant mid-tempo track in which the singer longs to, and finally does, make his way back home.
402;7;"I Can't See Nobody" opens with an absolutely gorgeous string intro, and the strings continue throughout the track.
402;8;The lyrics, seemingly positive, are actually pretty ambiguous.
402;9;This elegant style of pop music couldn't be more different from the band's later (though equally appealing) dance excursions.
402;10;Had a girlfriend who loved it too.
403;1;Don't get me wrong, I champion the fun and good times of their 80's heyday as much as any fan.
403;2;The new songs are just as exquisite as the songs on the original release.
403;3;I think that change is good, unlike some people who stopped listening after PYROMANIA.
403;4;The new songs are just as exquisite as the songs on the original release.
403;5;Leps, if you read this, please go back to this style, and forget the buggle-gum lyrics of Euphoria and the like.
403;6;My guess is that it brings the house down when played live...One noticeable element of Slang is the impeccable order of the songs.
403;7;The new songs are just as exquisite as the songs on the original release.
403;8;"All I Want Is Everything" has some deep great lyrics.
403;9;Even the title track, the closest thing to traditional Leppard fare, is fresher and more creatively fun than most of their previous songs of the same blend.
403;10;It's amazing how some of the songs started out with completely different titles and choruses, etc - it's cool that the reissue / deluxe captures that...I really love the newly released track  "All on your touch" -  to me, worth the price just for that song.
400;1;No, he doesn't have the beautiful lost-in-a-crowd melancholy sound of early Miles Davis and his harmon mute, but Lee Morgan is as good in a different direction: intense, happy and upbeat.
400;2;It is so great that we can hear it now via these re-releases of Blue Note catalog pieces recorded at the legendary Van Gelder Studio in NJ...Too bad that America wasn't as sophisticated as the music blossoming in its midsts and never really embraced the wonder of this joyful sound.
400;3;"Boy, What a Night" cranks up the heat for a waltz and "Hocus-Pocus" closes the album in a relaxed mood...Morgan is outstanding on trumpet throughout and Joe Henderson is just as good on tenor sax.
400;4;The classic title workout might be one of the best known songs in the history of Jazz.
400;5;I read a few reviews, they all seemed to be saying great things and so I jumped right in...Lee Morgan is a great trumpeter but it's not just the improvisation and sheer craftsmanship of he and all concerned here (Joe Henderson on tenor saxophone, Barry Harris on piano, Bob Cranshaw on bass and Billy Higgins on drums) that I find mind-blowing
400;6;Very interesting recording with a very clean and wide sound.
400;7;So clever that their breaks become an integral part of the driving back-beat that results in that rarest of things: a jazz track that you can actually dance to.
400;8;It is so great that we can hear it now via these re-releases of Blue Note catalog pieces recorded at the legendary Van Gelder Studio in NJ...Too bad that America wasn't as sophisticated as the music blossoming in its midsts and never really embraced the wonder of this joyful sound.
400;9;Definitive, timeless and, above all, fun.
400;10;love his music gone to young
401;1;Bob's voice sounds great, and it's a good recording.
401;2;Is This Love-possibly his best love song and it opens the "Legend" album ( another album worth looking at ).4.
401;3;Bob's voice sounds great, and it's a good recording.
401;4;Is This Love-possibly his best love song and it opens the "Legend" album ( another album worth looking at ).4.
401;5;Is This Love-possibly his best love song and it opens the "Legend" album ( another album worth looking at ).4.
401;6;The whole album is just excellent, in particular the haunting "She's Gone", written in the wake of the shooting at Marley's house when his wife left him briefly, fearing for her safety.
401;7;Is This Love-possibly his best love song and it opens the "Legend" album ( another album worth looking at ).4.
401;8;The very next album, "Survival" hit it hard with the strong lyrics and amazing music.
401;9;"Easy skanking" and "Satisfy my soul" are great dance tunes that will make your feet start tapping and before you know it you'll be in the groove.
401;10;While "Rastaman Vibration," and to a greater extent, "Exodus," were fiercly sociopolitical and religious, "Kaya" dealt more with homage to the power of ganja (marijuana) and romantic love.
406;1;It's relentless, powerful, menacing and sometimes even hard to listen...Good fun and aggression, let's hope they keep it up!!!!
406;2;Set closer "Reclamation" mostly offers some more of the same (and what you're comfortable with: punishing, dissonant heavy metal), although it does have a noteworthy beginning (a nice, placid bit of melody, and near-country/banjo-sounding guitar strums)...Admittedly, it could use a few more immediate infectious hooks and air-guitar-worthy moments, but overall, "Wrath" can easily be placed right alongside Lamb of God's best work.
406;3;and the intricate instrumentals on this album, impress, ifflare passions, and even provide a sense of peace after a long storm.
406;4;Set closer "Reclamation" mostly offers some more of the same (and what you're comfortable with: punishing, dissonant heavy metal), although it does have a noteworthy beginning (a nice, placid bit of melody, and near-country/banjo-sounding guitar strums)...Admittedly, it could use a few more immediate infectious hooks and air-guitar-worthy moments, but overall, "Wrath" can easily be placed right alongside Lamb of God's best work.
406;5;Set closer "Reclamation" mostly offers some more of the same (and what you're comfortable with: punishing, dissonant heavy metal), although it does have a noteworthy beginning (a nice, placid bit of melody, and near-country/banjo-sounding guitar strums)...Admittedly, it could use a few more immediate infectious hooks and air-guitar-worthy moments, but overall, "Wrath" can easily be placed right alongside Lamb of God's best work.
406;6;Set closer "Reclamation" mostly offers some more of the same (and what you're comfortable with: punishing, dissonant heavy metal), although it does have a noteworthy beginning (a nice, placid bit of melody, and near-country/banjo-sounding guitar strums)...Admittedly, it could use a few more immediate infectious hooks and air-guitar-worthy moments, but overall, "Wrath" can easily be placed right alongside Lamb of God's best work.
406;7;I really think the USB drive is worth the price I got this for (on sale during new release week), because it has the whole album+2 bonus tracks, and all the songs (including the bonus tracks) broken into the 4 parts.
406;8;The songs are faster and more intense, the lyrics are well-thought out and powerful, and every member is at their peak.
406;9;It's relentless, powerful, menacing and sometimes even hard to listen...Good fun and aggression, let's hope they keep it up!!!!
406;10;The thing I love about this album is that it is very clear to me that the band is progressing,yet still retaining their signature sound and heaviness.
407;1;This cd is good, i heard it from a friend and really enjoyed it.
407;2;This band really came out of the blue, when the original members including: Dave Williams, got signed.
407;3;As far as good Debut albums go this wins hands down!
407;4;Dave William's voice made these songs come alive.
407;5;Dave William's voice made these songs come alive.
407;6;Dave William's voice made these songs come alive.
407;7;The songs are driving hard rock with melodic music and intelligent, well thought out, sing-along-to lyrics...Dave Williams had a gift that is unfortunately uncommon.
407;8;Bermon - a general moan about life in general the lyrics may not be so original but they suit this song to a t. Drowning pool are angry and this song is the perfect ending to the album.
407;9;That's cuz "Bodies" is a really fun and bouncing track so they obviously released it for a single.
407;10;It made us think we would defiantly hear more from these guys and we would have done if the tragic death hadn't happened...The strength of the band really proves because they've managed to keep going even without Dave, Although I think they've gone down hill Dave was amazing you could feel the emotion and he was a great loved guy.
404;1;I'm happy to say I like it just as much as the first one...Once again they share the focus among challenging the body of Christ, encouragement, and worship.
404;2;It powers through the message of freedom from corruption with an intense driving hard rock sound, and lyrics that makes you feel the pain of the subject's corruption.
404;3;Isa 45:7 (from the KJV) I form the light,and create darkness: I make peace, and create evil: I the LORD do all these things...The word evil is Strongs #7451: From H7489
404;4;Both of this bands albums are amazing.
404;5;I'm happy to say I like it just as much as the first one...Once again they share the focus among challenging the body of Christ, encouragement, and worship.
404;6;Both of this bands albums are amazing.
404;7;It powers through the message of freedom from corruption with an intense driving hard rock sound, and lyrics that makes you feel the pain of the subject's corruption.
404;8;Once again, the lyrics are great at reminding me how weak I am on my own but that I have straight in Him...Finally, "Prodigal" is a great ballad of repentance inspired by the famous parable.
404;9;Both of this bands albums are amazing.
404;10;I absolutely love the assurances in this song.
405;1;I am happy to report I LOVE this record.
405;2;Check these two out, with their mix of sad and uplifting songs!
405;3;It was so refreshing to hear this music (yes good music) coming out of my car speakers.
405;4;Actually got choked up once.
405;5;Actually got choked up once.
405;6;The last minute or so of the song has a brief moment of nice trumpet melodies coupled with some big band moments that was pretty cool...Already Home (4/5) - One of the slower songs on the album, that starts out with nothing but one of the main singers and a piano melody.
405;7;It was so refreshing to hear this music (yes good music) coming out of my car speakers.
405;8;Combining irresistible hooks with beautifully orchestrated vocals and upbeat lyrics, there is barely a weak cut on this CD.
405;9;This should also appeal to fans of Jason Mraz Mika and fun.
405;10;I am happy to report I LOVE this record.
395;1;I first got into Atmosphere through the songs "A Song About A Friend" and "F*** You Lucy," two tracks I enjoyed very much.
395;2;"The Skinny" is a unique track with a banging beat.
395;3;Seller was great, good price, shipped on time and as advertise.
395;4;"The Skinny" is a unique track with a banging beat.
395;5;"The Skinny" is a unique track with a banging beat.
395;6;"Your Glasshouse" describes something that is common to a lot of people, me included at times: being a stranger in your own house.
395;7;"i travel with spoon to mix this cake batter".
395;8;The special edition packages comes with a children's book written by Slug, song lyrics, and a bons DVD with live footage and extras.
395;9;Overall, stand out tracks include "You," which is catchy and infectious, "Your Glasshouse," which evokes a dark, damp, alcohol-ridden basement party, and "Puppets," a soulful, vibrant song.
395;10;which I love, because I like to hear the words...These guys are independent, and I'm really glad I heard about them through word-of-mouth.
394;1;Change the World & Black Sunday are the peak of emotion when it comes to the lyrics,all really from the heart & that's why i really love the new direction(although all the albums are awesome) The album ends with the closest thing to the sound of 13 Ways to Bleed,Kill the Music Industry is a straighup middle finger to the record companies,the business deals in some dirty tactics but hey it's all good music.
394;2;Their sound has a very "blue" kind of sound which is depression mixed with emotion but somehow is uplifting.
394;3;The product came in good condition as for the album itself it's great a lot of good songs to listen to and remember.
394;4;As a whole this album is nothing short of remarkable.
394;5;While Cold's previous album, '13 Ways To Bleed On Stage', sounded like it was recorded in the back corner of some dingy basement, 'Year of the Spider' sounds professional and actually allows you to focus on the musicianship rather than the quality of the recording.
394;6;Don't Belong hits home to me because it pretty much describes the lonliness that one can feel when being left by someone they trust,very deep song and very pretty.
394;7;Sad Happy & Rain Song are more emotionally driven and deep,as if Scooter really put all his emotions and feelings into the album as to the just straight up F**k You lyrics of previous albums(which are great by the way) but it seems like they have all reached a new emotional plateau so  to speak.
394;8;Sad Happy & Rain Song are more emotionally driven and deep,as if Scooter really put all his emotions and feelings into the album as to the just straight up F**k You lyrics of previous albums(which are great by the way) but it seems like they have all reached a new emotional plateau so  to speak.
394;9;As a whole this album is nothing short of remarkable.
394;10;While I love every song on the CD, there are a couple that I listen to the most.
393;1;Good Mood music...only warnings today.
393;2;Not one of Alan's but a fine song that has a positive message and beat, despite the negative song title...13.
393;3;Probably best to put on the turntable when you're in a good mood, rather than a bad one, although I suppose it could lift you OUT of a bad one.
393;4;Of the others, "Life Keeps Bringin' Me Down" is also a standout, as is the beautifully written "Nothing Fancy", & "Everything But The Wings", the best of the ballads, as well as the second single from the album, "So You Don't Have To Love Me Anymore".
393;5;Of the others, "Life Keeps Bringin' Me Down" is also a standout, as is the beautifully written "Nothing Fancy", & "Everything But The Wings", the best of the ballads, as well as the second single from the album, "So You Don't Have To Love Me Anymore".
393;6;"When the good Lord calls me home, I'm gonna come back as a country song" classic...2.
393;7;I think "Drive" is and will remain the best Alan's album.
393;8;One more unique aspect of this album is that it seems to feature more music than lyrics.
393;9;Great one to slow dance to I am sure.
393;10;Following on the heels of several non-inspiring original albums, plus a couple of "hits" albums, comes "Thirty Miles West", Jackson's best new work since his "cover" outing of 1999, "Under The Influence" (also a personal favourite).
392;1;I found out for myself that, and as I am not big a fan of remixes etc. was surprised how this album sounded, when cleaned up, and leaves the original album sounding tame, in contrast...Put aside any prejudices, as this is a very good album in it's own right, and fully recommend you to do as the album title suggests.
392;2;By the way, "The House of The Blue Light" is another great album, better than Perfec Strangers.
392;3;I found out for myself that, and as I am not big a fan of remixes etc. was surprised how this album sounded, when cleaned up, and leaves the original album sounding tame, in contrast...Put aside any prejudices, as this is a very good album in it's own right, and fully recommend you to do as the album title suggests.
392;4;I found out for myself that, and as I am not big a fan of remixes etc. was surprised how this album sounded, when cleaned up, and leaves the original album sounding tame, in contrast...Put aside any prejudices, as this is a very good album in it's own right, and fully recommend you to do as the album title suggests.
392;5;You, my friends, on the other hand, if you are reading this, is because you're interested, and I can promise you that if you keep reading and ultimately decide to purchase this record, that interest will be duly rewarded!
392;6;I found out for myself that, and as I am not big a fan of remixes etc. was surprised how this album sounded, when cleaned up, and leaves the original album sounding tame, in contrast...Put aside any prejudices, as this is a very good album in it's own right, and fully recommend you to do as the album title suggests.
392;7;"Gettin' Tighter" is a perfect "Driving late at night on a quiet empty Nevada highway" song (though I've never done that, seeing as how I live on the east coast in Pennsylvania)..."I Need Love" is very catchy.
392;8;A true  masterpiece this album is, and it's sad to believe they made only one album  together.
392;9;I found out for myself that, and as I am not big a fan of remixes etc. was surprised how this album sounded, when cleaned up, and leaves the original album sounding tame, in contrast...Put aside any prejudices, as this is a very good album in it's own right, and fully recommend you to do as the album title suggests.
392;10;under rated cd love this one
399;1;If you enjoy good music, you NEED this album.
399;2;A bold claim, I know... but possibly true.
399;3;If you enjoy good music, you NEED this album.
399;4;A bold claim, I know... but possibly true.
399;5;I've read some reviewers complaining about his lack of variation, but to me his voice is just perfect, complementing the heavy old-school guitars.
399;6;From funky leads to crushing downtuned riffs to some surprisingly delicate and nuanced clean picking, Homme is a master.
399;7;I especially enjoy it while driving (fast).
399;8;A bold claim, I know... but possibly true.
399;9;A bold claim, I know... but possibly true.
399;10;Yet there is a cohesive flow to the whole record...While some people might complain about the album being tacked onto 3 tracks, I love it.
398;1;Stills is like a great athlete on a good team, he simply makes everyone around him look/sound better.
398;2;There isn't a bad song on the album, but there is some great guitar playing.
398;3;Stills is like a great athlete on a good team, he simply makes everyone around him look/sound better.
398;4;Still, recommend this release to anyone who like excellent music.
398;5;Still, recommend this release to anyone who like excellent music.
398;6;Still, recommend this release to anyone who like excellent music.
398;7;A great listen in the car.
398;8;There isn't a bad song on the album, but there is some great guitar playing.
398;9;Still, recommend this release to anyone who like excellent music.
398;10;If you like any of the band members individually, you'll love the band as a whole.
397;1;the intense flourishes on the main titles and in the happy ending finale are truly beautiful but the fun lighter tone that the majority of the score takes on is great to hear.
397;2;Excellent picture vinyl nice collection
397;3;The CD is wonderful, perfect, and brings back good memories.
397;4;Excellent picture vinyl nice collection
397;5;Excellent picture vinyl nice collection
397;6;Excellent picture vinyl nice collection
397;7;Excellent picture vinyl nice collection
397;8;UNDER THE SEA - this fun song was the oscar winner for best original song and it combines great carribean rhythms and sounds wiht fun fresh and witty lyrics to epitomize the fun and freshness that the little mermaid brought to the screen.
397;9;The original soundtrack with some fun bonus items.
397;10;Didn't receive it, but I love the songs.
396;1;I first got into Atmosphere through the songs "A Song About A Friend" and "F*** You Lucy," two tracks I enjoyed very much.
396;2;"Dreamer" is an up-beat, optimistic tune about a woman who ends up with a few kids before she's fully mature and takes care of herself to get by.
396;3;Seller was great, good price, shipped on time and as advertise.
396;4;"Dreamer" is an up-beat, optimistic tune about a woman who ends up with a few kids before she's fully mature and takes care of herself to get by.
396;5;"Dreamer" is an up-beat, optimistic tune about a woman who ends up with a few kids before she's fully mature and takes care of herself to get by.
396;6;"Your Glasshouse" describes something that is common to a lot of people, me included at times: being a stranger in your own house.
396;7;"i travel with spoon to mix this cake batter".
396;8;The special edition packages comes with a children's book written by Slug, song lyrics, and a bons DVD with live footage and extras.
396;9;Overall, stand out tracks include "You," which is catchy and infectious, "Your Glasshouse," which evokes a dark, damp, alcohol-ridden basement party, and "Puppets," a soulful, vibrant song.
396;10;This album truly seems to be a labor of love for the duo, and sets a new standard for other rappers to emulate.
387;1;I enjoy this 2002 version, and am more than happy with it, where-ever it is in the comprehensive Ozzy album pecking order.
387;2;MY OPINION: This is my favorite of Ozzy's albums, and my friends always say I've crazy because of that, but it is.
387;3;I think it's very good.
387;4;MY OPINION: This is my favorite of Ozzy's albums, and my friends always say I've crazy because of that, but it is.
387;5;MY OPINION: This is my favorite of Ozzy's albums, and my friends always say I've crazy because of that, but it is.
387;6;MY OPINION: This is my favorite of Ozzy's albums, and my friends always say I've crazy because of that, but it is.
387;7;His guitar absolutely dominates the sound - and all for the better actually, as it injects real drive and energy into the songs.
387;8;To start with, his eerie use of haunting keyboards, heavy guitar riffs, unique vocal style, choice of lyrics  and willingness to stray outside of the box is one of the reasons I find all if his work amazing.
387;9;From Ozzy's making fun of archrival Jimmy Swaggart on Miracle Man to the  blood-drenched escapades of Charles Manson on Bloodbath in Paradise to the  secret track at the end, this is a great album.
387;10;I love "No Rest For the Wicked" and believe it's one of Ozzy's most underrated albums (along with "Bark At the Moon")...Zack Wylde proved he was more than a worthy successor to Jake E. Lee, jamming with the master himself and laying down some deep tracks and outstanding guitar work...My favorite cut here is "Miracle Man."
386;1;You will enjoy the beauty of the instrumentation and vocals in this remaster, so put on the Carpenters, sit back and relax with a good cup of coffee.
386;2;Richard Carpenter displays his vocal talents in two songs, "Saturday" and "Drucilla Penny", and although both songs are lively and pleasing, the album clearly excels when Karen rich voice is highlighted.
386;3;You will enjoy the beauty of the instrumentation and vocals in this remaster, so put on the Carpenters, sit back and relax with a good cup of coffee.
386;4;Richard Carpenter displays his vocal talents in two songs, "Saturday" and "Drucilla Penny", and although both songs are lively and pleasing, the album clearly excels when Karen rich voice is highlighted.
386;5;Richard Carpenter displays his vocal talents in two songs, "Saturday" and "Drucilla Penny", and although both songs are lively and pleasing, the album clearly excels when Karen rich voice is highlighted.
386;6;Richard Carpenter displays his vocal talents in two songs, "Saturday" and "Drucilla Penny", and although both songs are lively and pleasing, the album clearly excels when Karen rich voice is highlighted.
386;7;Richard Carpenter displays his vocal talents in two songs, "Saturday" and "Drucilla Penny", and although both songs are lively and pleasing, the album clearly excels when Karen rich voice is highlighted.
386;8;Not only are the lyrics amazing, their voices are beautiful.
386;9;Next is "Saturday", a short, fun, Carpenter/Bettis song with Richard's lead.
386;10;I loved this album, and although I had little musical knowledge at the time, I knew what I liked and how amazing Karen Carpenter's voice was.
385;1;Like Brian Wilson, Paul McCartney, and Stevie Wonder she created a stream of alluring melodies that stick in the mind and move our emotions.
385;2;She had an internal compass that pointed to the place where perfect beauty, intense pain, joy, bitterness, loss, surrender, rapture, anger, and love all collide and, in a moment of overwhelming madness, become indistinguishable from one another...She will take you to the darkest alley in New York City and pick a rose for you.
385;3;Still if you are looking for a good representation of her style you can't go wrong with this release...Good content, good sound quality and excellent mlps design makes this release recommended!
385;4;She had an internal compass that pointed to the place where perfect beauty, intense pain, joy, bitterness, loss, surrender, rapture, anger, and love all collide and, in a moment of overwhelming madness, become indistinguishable from one another...She will take you to the darkest alley in New York City and pick a rose for you.
385;5;I just love the line "I got fury in my soul, fury's gonna take me to the glory goal, in my mind I can't study war no more" (especially when she hits the "no more" part).
385;6;I got home, slit the shrink wrap off, keyed up the turntable, and dropped the needle in the groove.
385;7;In Gonna Take A Miracle she revived some classic Motown fare, with the help of Patti LaBelle and LaBelle, taking those standards out for a high-speed car chase late at night.
385;8;Like Brian Wilson, Paul McCartney, and Stevie Wonder she created a stream of alluring melodies that stick in the mind and move our emotions.
385;9;She'll have you listening intently with your eyes closed, or about to get up sing, shout and dance along with her.
385;10;The subject matter is romantic love, for the most part, primarily the kind that hurts as well as comforts, and Nyro's performances here are never less than intimate and personal...Whether Laura Nyro ultimately was an artist whose entire body of work will endure is something still being debated, but NEW YORK TENDABERRY is a classic.
384;1;Proof positive that good music is still out there.
384;2;Proof positive that good music is still out there.
384;3;Proof positive that good music is still out there.
384;4;Gunfight , my favorite, is a drumming workout .
384;5;It's a very cohesive and focused record.
384;6;Proof positive that good music is still out there.
384;7;Proof positive that good music is still out there.
384;8;Good meaningfull lyrics, good heavy songs with great musicianship.
384;9;Track 12 is an instrumental track that these guys are just having some fun on.
384;10;this is a good year for rock and metal many others are returning and scorpions still alive and kicking these are the bands that made my teen life soundtrack and i love them for it
391;1;It is another fantastic piece that showcases this performer's singing talents...It is quite obvious that Bear McCreary has a passion for this style of music.
391;2;I loved his work on "Battlestar Galactica", "Black Sails", and "Da Vinci's Demons".
391;3;I loved his work on "Battlestar Galactica", "Black Sails", and "Da Vinci's Demons".
391;4;I loved his work on "Battlestar Galactica", "Black Sails", and "Da Vinci's Demons".
391;5;Grab a beverage, plant yourself in a comfy chair, and read Diana Gabaldon's "Outlander" with this wonderful music in the background.
391;6;The Skye Boat Song from the opening of the show is on here too...I listen to it in the kitchen as I cook, and I love it.
391;7;I drive an older car with the 6 CD changer, and I love to have soundtracks for my drive time....
391;8;I loved his work on "Battlestar Galactica", "Black Sails", and "Da Vinci's Demons".
391;9;Outlander is such a beautiful soundtrack/score with it's Celtic instrumentals and of course the song from the Stones dance--my fave......
391;10;I loved his work on "Battlestar Galactica", "Black Sails", and "Da Vinci's Demons".
390;1;Not my all time favorite but a good cd that you could listen to all the songs and enjoy them.
390;2;Jakob sings of his pain over the ending of a relationship with a woman he loved...The liner notes give us great photos of the band
390;3;The band performs well all the way through this CD
390;4;"Three Marlenas" begins with some awesome guitar
390;5;well the way i got into listening to this album was to forget about his heritage and just focus on the music and the way jakob and his band presented themselves....i'm increbily impressed and i think i'm gonna invest it getting some more wildflowers albums.
390;6;The Wallflowers started in the music business with a bang worthy of bringing down the house.
390;7;This is just a fun, upbeat, different sort of cd...fun driving music, as a matter of fact.
390;8;Jakob wants to take a lonely, sad woman, make her his own and keep her happy with him.
390;9;This is just a fun, upbeat, different sort of cd...fun driving music, as a matter of fact.
390;10;Jakob sings of his pain over the ending of a relationship with a woman he loved...The liner notes give us great photos of the band
389;1;This is a fantastic set of music!
389;2;This is a fantastic set of music!
389;3;Good music I like musical comedy.
389;4;This is a fantastic set of music!
389;5;This is a fantastic set of music!
389;6;This is a clean copy of an old master.
389;7;This is a fantastic set of music!
389;8;I love the music, the lyrics, the performances of the singers, and the structure of the record.
389;9;This is a fantastic set of music!
389;10;I absolutly love this musical.
388;1;I think the heartfelt emotion in her voice on this recording is so moving, you can't help but feel some of it yourself.
388;2;A voice that encompasses such incredible pain ,despair and agonizing heartbreak and one that is apt to 'crack' when reaching for certain notes.
388;3;The feeling of despair and the bad weather before the storm is felt on this her last offering...This CD now gets the treatment it deserves with it's lavish packaging and even though her voice is near shot it stands.
388;4;with just over a year (and one more album - for the verve label) to live, you can imagine the greatest jazz singer hang on to dear life.
388;5;What we may have on this amazing disc, above all else, is a study in contrasts.
388;6;with just over a year (and one more album - for the verve label) to live, you can imagine the greatest jazz singer hang on to dear life.
388;7;with just over a year (and one more album - for the verve label) to live, you can imagine the greatest jazz singer hang on to dear life.
388;8;My favorite song, "The End of A Love  Affair", is a haunting testimonial to romance gone bad
388;9;with just over a year (and one more album - for the verve label) to live, you can imagine the greatest jazz singer hang on to dear life.
388;10;A song, though covered by countless other singers, that literally brings, for me, a deeper understanding of what true, unadulterated love ( and it's sometimes terrible consequences ) can do to a woman.
440;1;The box set includes a book with album liner notes, obscure pictures and off-the-wall letters to anyone that deserved their sarcasm (which is basically anyone in the establishment), and critics reviews of their albums (some that weren't even very polite, but these guys enjoy laughing at themselves as much as they do at others)...Needless to say, I'm a huge fan.
440;2;I don't think they've ever turned out a bad track and to  have all of 'em together in one set-- well, you just can't pass it up!
440;3;if you're a completist, there's plenty more work to be done, but this is a good start and a good listen while you do it.
440;4;The songs are mixed beautifully and the songs flow from one to another like a 'jazzed' up rock album should.
440;5;All of the songs save their two newest ones have all read ALL of the songs on it.
440;6;This includes big hits such as Reelin' in the Years and Hey Nineteen, as well as great, non-compilation tracks like Your Gold Teeth II, Monkey In Your Soul and Home At Last...Cons:.
440;7;"Your Gold Teeth", one of SD's best compositions ever, is a Latin rhythmic jazz piece that works itself into hard bop solos, and the fan favorite "Show Biz Kids" with its funk-beat and hard driving rock guitar fuses the anchor of Steely Dan music to cryptic lyrics and R&B percussion.
440;8;A melting pot of jazz, funk and rock spurned by the sometimes stange but thought provoking lyrics of Fagan and Becker.
440;9;Steely Dan made many wonderful and fun radio friendly tunes and they are worthy of such a large `hits' package.
440;10;Both love affairs have never ended...
441;1;Energy, soul, heartbreak and humor, the  full gamut of emotions are represented here.
441;2;Also those famous lines from "How Blue Can You Get:""I bought you a new Mustang
441;3;If you only have one BB King record this one's probably as good as any.
441;4;Lucille was hitting the spot.i love to hear a great guitarist live and this is a must  have.blues really takes on a strong meaning here.
441;5;Lucille was hitting the spot.i love to hear a great guitarist live and this is a must  have.blues really takes on a strong meaning here.
441;6;Lucille was hitting the spot.i love to hear a great guitarist live and this is a must  have.blues really takes on a strong meaning here.
441;7;Lucille was hitting the spot.i love to hear a great guitarist live and this is a must  have.blues really takes on a strong meaning here.
441;8;Energy, soul, heartbreak and humor, the  full gamut of emotions are represented here.
441;9;Lucille was hitting the spot.i love to hear a great guitarist live and this is a must  have.blues really takes on a strong meaning here.
441;10;Lucille was hitting the spot.i love to hear a great guitarist live and this is a must  have.blues really takes on a strong meaning here.
442;1;the standout tracks are tracks 1, 4 and 6, to my personal opinion....if you enjoy the likes of enya and enigma, this cd will bring you years of enjoyment :)
442;2;Loreena McKennitt's 1994 album, The Mask and Mirror, is a continuting improvement in musical arragements and choice of songs from her earlier albums - not that the previous albums were bad, but the combination of McKennitt's beautiful voice and the songs on this album make this set a much stronger musical effort.
442;3;I've been listening to Loreena McKennitt for several years now and I find her music to be both soul stirring & relaxing, haunting yet mystical & beautiful.
442;4;"The Mask And Mirror" is a wonderful introduction to the wonderful music of Loreena McKennitt.
442;5;Anyone who has studied the treble voice knows that it is very unfair to compare a soprano with an alto.
442;6;Also, this is a great album to cook  by--sounds weird, but try it and see!
442;7;Inspired by a personal trip she took to Spain, "The Mask And Mirror" is a pure feast for the ears, with Loreena blending memorable melodies with powerful elements of world music and new age to brilliant effect.
442;8;And her strong, sweetly rich voice always sounds slightly sad, as she drifts through lyrics filled with vivid, striking images ("A painting hangs on an ivy wall/Nestled in the emerrald moss... A clouded dream on an earthly night/Hangs upon the crescent moon")..."The Mask and the Mirror is a vibrant, almost painfully lovely album that drips with medieval-ish splendor and lots of Spanish/Celtic/Middle-Eastern beauty.
442;9;she has a very soothing voice, and it is a cd you can relax to while wanting to dance along to as well.
442;10;"The Dark Night of the Soul," despite the ominous title, is a romantic song that, as McKennitt explains is the excellent CD booklet (which features bits of journal entries), it's actually a metaphorical song about a man's love for his god.
443;1;Matching the punk, funk music with the most intellegent lyrics ever written makes this something the masses will never enjoy, but to me it is utterly magical.
443;2;Despite the missing song this is still essential to have.
443;3;and this is so so good.
443;4;Despite the missing song this is still essential to have.
443;5;"Damaged Goods" is one of the most harrowing songs I've ever heard, even though on paper it reads like a PoMo critic's anti-consumerist diatribe.
443;6;is consistently clean and engaging.
443;7;Despite the missing song this is still essential to have.
443;8;Some people have criticized the band for their "excessive negativity" and Marxist leanings, but as I stated before, the lyrics are actually very clever and funny and the music is anything but dirge-like.
443;9;Every song jumps off the disc and fills you with a sense of power as you dance to the chaos of the world that they articulate with humor and insight.
443;10;Unfortunately, I don't think most people will like this album, but post-punk fans and music historians and collectors will love it!
444;1;We are all real good friends now.
444;2;This group had some of the best "story, insight,and life expieriance" songs of the eighties.
444;3;We are all real good friends now.
444;4;This group had some of the best "story, insight,and life expieriance" songs of the eighties.
444;5;This group had some of the best "story, insight,and life expieriance" songs of the eighties.
444;6;This group had some of the best "story, insight,and life expieriance" songs of the eighties.
444;7;It has a lot of my favorite songs on it  I have it in the Car's CD player and listen to it all the time.
444;8;Powerful strong lyrics with memerable music.
444;9;This group had some of the best "story, insight,and life expieriance" songs of the eighties.
444;10;Bought for a friend who loves this type of music.
445;1;This album is forty years old the beginning of prince career listen to it give it a chance enjoy
445;2;I love the songs "In Love",  My Luv is 4ever, So Blue and I'm Yours.
445;3;Purple Rain.Around the world in a day.Parade.Sign O the Times.Lovesexy...you might want the black album as well...it should be available...peace.
445;4;"Soft and Wet" is a CLASSIC to all Prince fans but this album as will the next 1979 self-titled one would show, is his great,  romantic ballads that he even admits is his specialty.
445;5;"Soft and Wet" is a CLASSIC to all Prince fans but this album as will the next 1979 self-titled one would show, is his great,  romantic ballads that he even admits is his specialty.
445;6;"Soft and Wet" is a CLASSIC to all Prince fans but this album as will the next 1979 self-titled one would show, is his great,  romantic ballads that he even admits is his specialty.
445;7;"Soft and Wet" is a CLASSIC to all Prince fans but this album as will the next 1979 self-titled one would show, is his great,  romantic ballads that he even admits is his specialty.
445;8;There was some soul going on back in those days and Prince sounds better than ever, keeping it simple n' singing about the best human emotion in the world, Love.
445;9;"In Love" is a nice little mid-tempo dance number, if not particularly memorable.
445;10;"Soft and Wet" is a CLASSIC to all Prince fans but this album as will the next 1979 self-titled one would show, is his great,  romantic ballads that he even admits is his specialty.
446;1;So all in all good cat to do business with.
446;2;I'd love to see a remastered 2 CD set of this someday as this was the best Live if not best CD ever made.
446;3;So all in all good cat to do business with.
446;4;The second side features Young's fiery, electric being, backed by immense presence of the buzzing, garage rock band, Crazy Horse, searing across gorgeous, reflective-toned guitar workouts such as "Cortez the Kill" and "Like a Hurricane" and batting through sneering, anthemic knucklehead rock like "Sedan Deliver" and "Hey Hey My My (Into the Black)" stunningly.
446;5;I'd love to see a remastered 2 CD set of this someday as this was the best Live if not best CD ever made.
446;6;I'd love to see a remastered 2 CD set of this someday as this was the best Live if not best CD ever made.
446;7;Everything from his pleasant acoustic/harmonica melodies to his hard driving guitar riffs are on display in this, which to me is potentially the greatest Live album I have ever had the pleasure of hearing.
446;8;His lyrics sound great live on every track, which is a concern with some Live Neil Young I have heard in the past as his voice is so unique.
446;9;I like Cortez the killer too The loner and when you dance are great to me every thing but Lotta love is great on here.
446;10;I'd love to see a remastered 2 CD set of this someday as this was the best Live if not best CD ever made.
447;1;All of them are really nice guys, that enjoy what they do.
447;2;Gordon usually does excellent work, and this is more proof (the only negative part is his difficult to understand Canadian accent).
447;3;Thanks to his manager, I have had the good fortune of meeting The Lightfoot Band twice.
447;4;"Sundown" is a beautifully produced record, lyrically and musically broad, and the perfectionism and formality that Lightfoot brings to his music in no way detracts from the soul of this gifted Canadian writer.
447;5;"Sundown" is a beautifully produced record, lyrically and musically broad, and the perfectionism and formality that Lightfoot brings to his music in no way detracts from the soul of this gifted Canadian writer.
447;6;While everyone knows  and loves "Sundown" and "Carefree Highway," I love the lesser known and evocative songs like "Seven Island Suite" (which I rank up there with The Canadian Railroad Trilogy), "Is there Anyone Home" and "The Watchman's Gone."
447;7;So very mellow...Just what you need to (calmly) finish your trip...Love it!
447;8;I take something back- "high and dry" sounds happy, but I think the lyrics are sad.
447;9;It's an excellent and gorgeous song though, just like the rest of the album...People make fun of artists like Gordon Lightfoot because to a lot of people this kind of music is dated and, according to them, too similar to other mushy soft rock artists from the 70's.
447;10;While everyone knows  and loves "Sundown" and "Carefree Highway," I love the lesser known and evocative songs like "Seven Island Suite" (which I rank up there with The Canadian Railroad Trilogy), "Is there Anyone Home" and "The Watchman's Gone."
432;1;From The Cradle and Blues Breakers are the Eric Clapton recordings that I enjoy and appreciate the most.
432;2;"Third Degree" is beautifully done slow blues full of pain, and one of the best songs of the album.
432;3;His guitar work is very very good -- but all the musicians here are very good.
432;4;From The Cradle and Blues Breakers are the Eric Clapton recordings that I enjoy and appreciate the most.
432;5;I read a feature in Guitar World magazine and liked the idea of the tunes being recorded pretty much live and if a take wasn't up to par ,it was done over.
432;6;From The Cradle and Blues Breakers are the Eric Clapton recordings that I enjoy and appreciate the most.
432;7;From The Cradle and Blues Breakers are the Eric Clapton recordings that I enjoy and appreciate the most.
432;8;Eric's guitar groans and moans and gives you some of the most raw emotion ever heard from him.
432;9;It was great fun, and I love every minute of it."
432;10;It was great fun, and I love every minute of it."
433;1;Its another one of those "eerie" tracks, which is always a good thing.
433;2;Nothing special about it though.
433;3;Its another one of those "eerie" tracks, which is always a good thing.
433;4;Nothing special about it though.
433;5;Nothing special about it though.
433;6;"Nobody's Fault" is a risky but well executed and fitting Aerosmith cover, and is highlighted by clean singing and some almost Hammett-style guitar work.
433;7;The guitar work here is just fantastic as rhythm guitarist Eric Peterson anchors and drives the songs here with heavy, fast, brutal, violent riffs, while lead axeman Alex Skolnick steals the show throughout with his share of excellent riffing and let's not forget about his amazing, wailing, amp-shredding solos as well.
433;8;cool lyrics too, it tells about a preacher making predictions.
433;9;Nothing special about it though.
433;10;Its basically an instrumental with a couple of random heavy parts and great guitar work throughout.
434;1;I have always looked for a good compilation of Led Zeppelin's music and I found it with this 2CD set.
434;2;The great volume of excellent music (and interviews) on this box obliges me to give a five-star rating.
434;3;I have always looked for a good compilation of Led Zeppelin's music and I found it with this 2CD set.
434;4;The great volume of excellent music (and interviews) on this box obliges me to give a five-star rating.
434;5;The great volume of excellent music (and interviews) on this box obliges me to give a five-star rating.
434;6;For the listener wanting a few studio albums - I'd recommend "II", "IV"... and then "Houses Of The Holy and "Physical Graffiti".
434;7;The great volume of excellent music (and interviews) on this box obliges me to give a five-star rating.
434;8;The great volume of excellent music (and interviews) on this box obliges me to give a five-star rating.
434;9;The great volume of excellent music (and interviews) on this box obliges me to give a five-star rating.
434;10;I love all these songs.
435;1;"A change will do you good" and "Everyday is a winding road", and "if it makes you happy" are the commercial hits of the album.
435;2;Sheryl tackles life on "If It Makes You Happy" and the proven growth between albums with memorable lyrics "...if it makes you happy, it can't be that bad / if it makes you happy, then why the hell you so sad..."  "Redemption Day" gives off the feel of an old Western, but the bridge introduces a beat change with a drum roll that aids to the song's goal.
435;3;While I do not think Sheryl Crow has a particularily good singing voice, her songwriting is top notch and she proves it on this album.
435;4;This is my favorite 'girl' CD of all time.
435;5;She focused on putting herself in a place to create, and she really drew out some wonderful ideas and captured something unique here.
435;6;But that is a small complaint, especially when they're spaced out with songs like The Book and Home, some of my favorites.
435;7;This is my favorite 'girl' CD of all time.
435;8;Sheryl tackles life on "If It Makes You Happy" and the proven growth between albums with memorable lyrics "...if it makes you happy, it can't be that bad / if it makes you happy, then why the hell you so sad..."  "Redemption Day" gives off the feel of an old Western, but the bridge introduces a beat change with a drum roll that aids to the song's goal.
435;9;Maybe it's true that most of the songs sound similar and that Crow is not that convincing as a singer with a message, but this CD is fun and that's what counts the most!
435;10;If you liked Tuesday, you will love this album too.
436;1;I`ve enjoyed this album for many years and even though it was recorded without Peter Frampton its well worth a listen!
436;2;Even during the post-Pie period, with a voice wrecked from a few too many catawails and too much good booze and bad drugs, Marriott could still wow an audience...No doubt Marriott was one of the best rock and roll frontmen, but also one of Britain's finest showmen in the Cockney Music Hall tradition too.
436;3;Even during the post-Pie period, with a voice wrecked from a few too many catawails and too much good booze and bad drugs, Marriott could still wow an audience...No doubt Marriott was one of the best rock and roll frontmen, but also one of Britain's finest showmen in the Cockney Music Hall tradition too.
436;4;The black female back-up singers add a nice touch too.
436;5;The black female back-up singers add a nice touch too.
436;6;The black female back-up singers add a nice touch too.
436;7;The black female back-up singers add a nice touch too.
436;8;Even during the post-Pie period, with a voice wrecked from a few too many catawails and too much good booze and bad drugs, Marriott could still wow an audience...No doubt Marriott was one of the best rock and roll frontmen, but also one of Britain's finest showmen in the Cockney Music Hall tradition too.
436;9;You can tell the band had fun recording it!
436;10;It may not be there best album, but I've always loved it.
437;1;His energy, passion, emotion, irresistible hooks (and looks), and lyrics that are unpretentious yet beautiful combined with his incredible talent and ability to put on a good show is what makes him such an enjoyable artist.
437;2;Maybe I'm biased but I just don't think that Keith Urban knows how to make a bad album...Defying Gravity sets itself apart from his previous work in that it has the obvious theme in that it is clearly one long love letter to his wife, but it's upbeat and affectionate tone also carries over to his fans...Defying Gravity is a joyous celebration of love and desire that resonates in a simutaneous message of Hope & positivity.
437;3;It's basically good, solid music that won't drive away any listeners.
437;4;With "Standing Right in Front of You" and "I'm In" Keith is back with signature style and puppyish enthusiasm about love.
437;5;With "Standing Right in Front of You" and "I'm In" Keith is back with signature style and puppyish enthusiasm about love.
437;6;With "Standing Right in Front of You" and "I'm In" Keith is back with signature style and puppyish enthusiasm about love.
437;7;It's basically good, solid music that won't drive away any listeners.
437;8;His energy, passion, emotion, irresistible hooks (and looks), and lyrics that are unpretentious yet beautiful combined with his incredible talent and ability to put on a good show is what makes him such an enjoyable artist.
437;9;Right now there is so much stress in the world and Keith's new CD is joyous, uplifting and just plain fun to listen to.
437;10;With "Standing Right in Front of You" and "I'm In" Keith is back with signature style and puppyish enthusiasm about love.
438;1;This is why Metallica is my favorite band - they put on a good show, have fun, and do whatever they want!
438;2;I just enjoyed listen to it and was sad when it was over.
438;3;Stick with what you want more cause its all good.
438;4;Better than "Slippery When Wet" and the like...These are neat records for music fans all over the world!!
438;5;Better than "Slippery When Wet" and the like...These are neat records for music fans all over the world!!
438;6;Some good songs are Welcome Home( Sanitarium ), Fade to Black, One, and hey Enter Sandman is a cool opener for their concerts.
438;7;Better than "Slippery When Wet" and the like...These are neat records for music fans all over the world!!
438;8;Welcome Home (Sanitarium)-10/10 I love these lyrics.
438;9;...The excitement comes from not just the fast songs and strumming from the band, but the fun that Hetfield brings when trying to bring the audience into their world, especially during "Seek and Destroy," viewed on the first DVD and heard on the second CD...In a word, priceless.
438;10;Last Caress-10/10 Metallica does an amazing job on this Misfits song..One-10/10 I love the intro live..Battery-10/10 Amazing live song.
439;1;Vocals are fantastic and sounds likes Beatles.
439;2;If it gets that bad for Paul.....With his overdue and well-deserved induction into The Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame, I hope this album is a huge success for Ringo.
439;3;I think this is the best LP recorded by Ringo in many, many years ... it is really, really good.
439;4;best in a long time
439;5;best in a long time
439;6;ringo you hit a home run with this one!
439;7;"Touch and Go" also shines with its driving melody, blistering guitar solo and Ringo's drums giving the track backbone, "What we found as the years go by is nothing changes if we don't try
439;8;This song  has heart warming lyrics  If you love a ballad this is as good as it gets!
439;9;Ringo's albums always sound like the previous album but they are fun to listen to.
439;10;This song  has heart warming lyrics  If you love a ballad this is as good as it gets!
425;1;Very good, This is the song that got me into Brand New and I'm glad that I heard it...7.
425;2;This album is anything but that...There is honestly, not a bad or even average song on this entire album.
425;3;I don't think there is a bad song on the entire album, we're talking good, better, best here.
425;4;Very good, This is the song that got me into Brand New and I'm glad that I heard it...7.
425;5;i read the lyrics while listenin to it, and i marvelled once again at this amazing band, and this time they had greatly matured and improved their sound, and now it is just like their first cd...i refuse to listen to anything else.
425;6;I Will Play my Game Beneath the Spin Light - this is a great, truthful, and heartfelt song about the tortures of touring and longing for home.
425;7;Part of me wishes there were more songs like "The Quiet Things..." and "Sic Transit...", and another part wishes the entire album was acoustic driven songs like "I Will Play My Game..." and "The Boy Who...".
425;8;I'm in love with this CD, Brand New isn't "emo", like people say, they just have really heartfelt lyrics...1.
425;9;They combine well written verses with catchy refrains, and are more fun to listen to than the average filler between singles.
425;10;I love this song, one of the best on the albums...4.
424;1;Now is always good listening as you get a little bit of everything!
424;2;I'm a fan of the Now That's What I call Music CD's since they provide the best of current music and will continue to get them as they are released
424;3;Now is always good listening as you get a little bit of everything!
424;4;I'm a fan of the Now That's What I call Music CD's since they provide the best of current music and will continue to get them as they are released
424;5;I'm a fan of the Now That's What I call Music CD's since they provide the best of current music and will continue to get them as they are released
424;6;I'm a fan of the Now That's What I call Music CD's since they provide the best of current music and will continue to get them as they are released
424;7;I'm a fan of the Now That's What I call Music CD's since they provide the best of current music and will continue to get them as they are released
424;8;I'm a fan of the Now That's What I call Music CD's since they provide the best of current music and will continue to get them as they are released
424;9;What a shame, because this song is funny, wild & has a dynamite dance beat.
424;10;love the music on the album
427;1;I enjoy listening to both Pandora and iheartradio and would easily say that many of the songs on the cd could easily have a home on the Pandora Chillwave Radio and/or Chillout station.
427;2;While her last recording showcased her new found confidence, Honeymoon showcases she's now completely comfortable doing exactly what shes wants...While I love the full album, it's everything after "High by the Beach" that really grabs my attention - these songs capture the essence of Lana's songwriting and style - slow and jazzy, ghost-like low vocals, and subtle details such as "blue, blue, blue, blue" being sung in the background in "Freak" and the beautiful unexpected saxophone riff in "Art Deco".
427;3;She knows she will be misunderstood by many.....that's just the way it is...Good work "Lana Del Rey"
427;4;but ya know shes gotta just do her and I truly her music is wonderful.
427;5;but ya know shes gotta just do her and I truly her music is wonderful.
427;6;I enjoy listening to both Pandora and iheartradio and would easily say that many of the songs on the cd could easily have a home on the Pandora Chillwave Radio and/or Chillout station.
427;7;"Freak" is haunting trip hop, like Tricky meets AKA Twigs, while the glamorous "Salvatore" is (in her words) old world Italian, set to a delicate shuffle...She turns in a rather nasal (yet pleasant) performance on "The Blackest Day"
427;8;She amazes me with her soundscapes, lyrics and her classic, sometimes haunting music.
427;9;but ya know shes gotta just do her and I truly her music is wonderful.
427;10;Lana and her collaborators love music and are tapping into many genres and each song is like a flower.
426;1;But if you truly value good music and have only one opportunity to experience this musical PHenom, "The Legacy Of Phyllis Hyman" is the best way to go.
426;2;I love her voice and her songs...just so sad
426;3;But if you truly value good music and have only one opportunity to experience this musical PHenom, "The Legacy Of Phyllis Hyman" is the best way to go.
426;4;Her songs were the soundtrack to heartache and longing and came from a bruised soul that longed to love and be loved.
426;5;Her songs were the soundtrack to heartache and longing and came from a bruised soul that longed to love and be loved.
426;6;"Old Friend" is a grand tribute to that special person who is welcomed home.
426;7;"Living Inside Your Love" is a hot cooker with a driving rhythm and a sultry vocal that makes you beg for more!
426;8;I love her voice and her songs...just so sad
426;9;It follows her career from the beginning to a few years before her passing, and you will find it all here, from smooth pop to dance floor killer-cuts, jazz  standards from Duke Ellington and sweet love songs.
426;10;Her songs were the soundtrack to heartache and longing and came from a bruised soul that longed to love and be loved.
429;1;This album is fantastic and was definitely worth the wait...Still kicking it with that old school funky fresh sound.
429;2;It is still packed with classic Beastie Boys party beats...It's refreshing to see a group, especially the Beastie Boys, maturing well with yet another quality release.
429;3;Instead we get some really catchy , up beat productions, with a truly unique sound...The rapping is surprisingly good considering it's done by almost 40 year old white guys.
429;4;It is still packed with classic Beastie Boys party beats...It's refreshing to see a group, especially the Beastie Boys, maturing well with yet another quality release.
429;5;It is still packed with classic Beastie Boys party beats...It's refreshing to see a group, especially the Beastie Boys, maturing well with yet another quality release.
429;6;I just bought the new Beastie Boys cd yesterday and when I got home I put it in for a listen.
429;7;It is still packed with classic Beastie Boys party beats...It's refreshing to see a group, especially the Beastie Boys, maturing well with yet another quality release.
429;8;I for one enjoy the fact that they put some thought to their lyrics and speak their mind.
429;9;It is still packed with classic Beastie Boys party beats...It's refreshing to see a group, especially the Beastie Boys, maturing well with yet another quality release.
429;10;Some people feel the beats are plan but I feel they are new and orginal and yet old school sounding and after a couple of listens I loved the sound.
428;1;The movie was good but this music made it great and something to remember
428;2;Just be careful you don't keep it playing during intercourse, you might break her...But the beauty of this score isn't just in it's powerful, awe-inspiring tracks.
428;3;The movie was good but this music made it great and something to remember
428;4;Just be careful you don't keep it playing during intercourse, you might break her...But the beauty of this score isn't just in it's powerful, awe-inspiring tracks.
428;5;Just be careful you don't keep it playing during intercourse, you might break her...But the beauty of this score isn't just in it's powerful, awe-inspiring tracks.
428;6;I am happy to have this blasting through my house!
428;7;This makes boring drives epic, it is such a great score and the 3 CD release is worth it.
428;8;The original recording just has so much more heart and emotion in it.
428;9;Just be careful you don't keep it playing during intercourse, you might break her...But the beauty of this score isn't just in it's powerful, awe-inspiring tracks.
428;10;I loved it even more...Do yourself a favour, buy this soundtrack.
431;1;We can't and can only enjoy the memories.
431;2;We can't and can only enjoy the memories.
431;3;Good collection of their best hits.
431;4;We can't and can only enjoy the memories.
431;5;We can't and can only enjoy the memories.
431;6;We can't and can only enjoy the memories.
431;7;We can't and can only enjoy the memories.
431;8;Her voice was always so pure with open, honest emotion and an ever constant tinge of melancholy/sadness.
431;9;We can't and can only enjoy the memories.
431;10;Close to you, We've only just begun, For all we know, Rainy days and Mondays, Hurting each other, Goodbye to love, Top of the world, I won't last a day without you, Yesterday once more and Only yesterday - every one of them is included along with many others.
430;1;I enjoyed this album far more than I thought I would.
430;2;Her vocals can be tender, upbeat, sad, inspiring, enthralling and invariably awesome.
430;3;well recorded cd.very good songs and singing/
430;4;She playes them in her car constantly rotating one to another and I don't know what else to say.
430;5;She playes them in her car constantly rotating one to another and I don't know what else to say.
430;6;She playes them in her car constantly rotating one to another and I don't know what else to say.
430;7;She playes them in her car constantly rotating one to another and I don't know what else to say.
430;8;She is a powerhouse of emotion and feeling.
430;9;She playes them in her car constantly rotating one to another and I don't know what else to say.
430;10;Wife loved it...Valentines day present.
417;1;This music collection of Mothership by  Led Zeppelin has a strong selection of greatest hits such as
417;2;This music collection of Mothership by  Led Zeppelin has a strong selection of greatest hits such as
417;3;This music collection of Mothership by  Led Zeppelin has a strong selection of greatest hits such as
417;4;This music collection of Mothership by  Led Zeppelin has a strong selection of greatest hits such as
417;5;This music collection of Mothership by  Led Zeppelin has a strong selection of greatest hits such as
417;6;Houses of the Holy also has a bit of funk within the riff and drumbeat.
417;7;If you bought this back in the day...keep it for your car or make a coaster out of it!
417;8;The lyrics and classic rock sounds in a number of these songs harmonize to give a myriad of meanings to the timeless energy of these songs.
417;9;This music collection of Mothership by  Led Zeppelin has a strong selection of greatest hits such as
417;10;This music collection of Mothership by  Led Zeppelin has a strong selection of greatest hits such as
416;1;Any fan of hardcore and/or melodic death metal will absolutely enjoy this album.
416;2;First, redchord is by far  beyond talented people and i  love their music but so is unearth and to be fair their just as good and if not more talented and im not even saying nothing bad about the allmighty redchord because im a huge fan of their music and i own their album fused together in revolving doors which i thought was a masterpiece of blast beats and just out of this world.
416;3;First, redchord is by far  beyond talented people and i  love their music but so is unearth and to be fair their just as good and if not more talented and im not even saying nothing bad about the allmighty redchord because im a huge fan of their music and i own their album fused together in revolving doors which i thought was a masterpiece of blast beats and just out of this world.
416;4;My favorite songs from this album are "Black Hearts Now Reign", "Zombie Autopilot", and "Bloodlust for the Human Condition".
416;5;The additional focus on adding more metal to the "core" definately was a good step for this band to take.
416;6;My favorite songs from this album are "Black Hearts Now Reign", "Zombie Autopilot", and "Bloodlust for the Human Condition".
416;7;The beats are driving and make you want to move, the guitars are excellent, with some really great solos then the vocals top it off to give you one of the current best metal bands today.
416;8;Unearth is awesome....Ken and Trevor are badasses....Ken "Beer Bong" Susi is a good guitarist and is pretty talented....Trevor Phipps is a good at writing lyrics and his scream is awesome...he talks in it too and then screams right after....its awesome......for fans of Atreyu, As I Lay Dying.
416;9;The solo/riff is catchy and fun to play.
416;10;Hardcore kids will love the breakdowns.
419;1;Pick this up  you will be so happy that you did
419;2;Musiq is a gifted brotha who has studied the masters well while incorporating his own style into his music.
419;3;This album (as with most neo-soul) is good from start to finish, but there are always highlights, and here is the Knyte opinion....1) Girl Next Door - this track is a great way to open the album.
419;4;Musiq is a gifted brotha who has studied the masters well while incorporating his own style into his music.
419;5;Musiq is a gifted brotha who has studied the masters well while incorporating his own style into his music.
419;6;Musiq is a gifted brotha who has studied the masters well while incorporating his own style into his music.
419;7;Musiq is a gifted brotha who has studied the masters well while incorporating his own style into his music.
419;8;He sings of love and emotion with the melodies of Stevie Wonder, the delivery of the late Mr. Donnie Hathaway, with a taste of Mr. Brown Sugar himself, D'Angelo.
419;9;Musiq is a gifted brotha who has studied the masters well while incorporating his own style into his music.
419;10;Listen, listen and listen again....4) Love - I think this will be a single.
418;1;Which by all means puts me at almost 17 songs i enjoy listening to.
418;2;In their place are much more layered, textured songs with lyrics of more substance.
418;3;I think niquey Minaj  is very talented  the song s are all good  I especially like "the bed of lies"  I think it is a very good  rap album hearing the songs the way they were meant  to he heard especially anaconda  good
418;4;In their place are much more layered, textured songs with lyrics of more substance.
418;5;In their place are much more layered, textured songs with lyrics of more substance.
418;6;In their place are much more layered, textured songs with lyrics of more substance.
418;7;In their place are much more layered, textured songs with lyrics of more substance.
418;8;In their place are much more layered, textured songs with lyrics of more substance.
418;9;Of course the album is also chock full of more fun raps which contain the spirit which people typically identify with Nicki, but though not necessarily full of emotional depth, they are written incredibly well.
418;10;Any fan should absolutely love this album.
421;1;It's a good time, it's great and most importantly fun, Tim McGraw.
421;2;This album is missing a couple of songs, like "Everywhere" and "One of These Days," but all in all, this is a best of the best by Tim McGraw.
421;3;It's a good time, it's great and most importantly fun, Tim McGraw.
421;4;This album is missing a couple of songs, like "Everywhere" and "One of These Days," but all in all, this is a best of the best by Tim McGraw.
421;5;This album is missing a couple of songs, like "Everywhere" and "One of These Days," but all in all, this is a best of the best by Tim McGraw.
421;6;Great at home, even better driving in the car.
421;7;Great at home, even better driving in the car.
421;8;Sometimes its an irresistible beat that easily overrides an inane lyric like on "I Like It, I Love It" and "Down On The Farm."
421;9;It's a good time, it's great and most importantly fun, Tim McGraw.
421;10;The other great feature is that many of the songs are about relationships, and touch on themes of uplifting love for many couples.
420;1;It came quick, & I have bn enjoying it daily.
420;2;The songs are great, and I really love listening to Travis Greene's voice and testimonies throughout this project.
420;3;This is a very good cd.
420;4;The songs are great, and I really love listening to Travis Greene's voice and testimonies throughout this project.
420;5;The songs are great, and I really love listening to Travis Greene's voice and testimonies throughout this project.
420;6;The songs are great, and I really love listening to Travis Greene's voice and testimonies throughout this project.
420;7;The songs are great, and I really love listening to Travis Greene's voice and testimonies throughout this project.
420;8;The songs are great, and I really love listening to Travis Greene's voice and testimonies throughout this project.
420;9;The songs are great, and I really love listening to Travis Greene's voice and testimonies throughout this project.
420;10;The songs are great, and I really love listening to Travis Greene's voice and testimonies throughout this project.
423;1;The extra tracks are fun and "living in these Hard times" is indeed timeless.
423;2;So let's just leave him alone to play with his sad self and revel in this terrific CD together.
423;3;The remaining tracks, 'The Mouse Police Never Sleeps' (which has a crazy chant to the end) and 'Journeyman' are charming in their own way and make for great listening...His voice may not be strictly melodious, but its as good as an instrument and moreover the ability to accentuate in deference to the carefully worded song sttructure, makes it quite a treat to hear.
423;4;For a band named after an agriculturist, Jethro Tull's music has often fit their moniker.
423;5;coining of phrases, puns and quips, something that Ian Anderson is very good at...It's been quite a good few years since I have been collecting Tull lyrics and I must say, there are all a delectable read...Heavy Horses is a briliant album.
423;6;I have 4 cd versions of this album and I keep them all, one at home, on my travel,in the car and in a vault and played each over a hundred times and I still discover new sounds.
423;7;I have 4 cd versions of this album and I keep them all, one at home, on my travel,in the car and in a vault and played each over a hundred times and I still discover new sounds.
423;8;Loosely themed as a bit of a wake for pastoral imagery in the age of machinery, both the music, lyrics, and performances fit the "concept" to a T, or to an A, as Anderson's lyrics are quite often baffling, but somehow always poignant and moving, and his vocal performance on the album is one of his absolute best.
423;9;The extra tracks are fun and "living in these Hard times" is indeed timeless.
423;10;It takes every aspect I love about Jethro Tull, and amplifies it well.
422;1;It's funny to consider that this was considered "pop" music back in the day
422;2;Every song is melodically beautiful, classically arranged, and delivered with Brenda's unmistakeable,TO DIE-FOR delivery.
422;3;It's funny to consider that this was considered "pop" music back in the day
422;4;Every song is melodically beautiful, classically arranged, and delivered with Brenda's unmistakeable,TO DIE-FOR delivery.
422;5;Every song is melodically beautiful, classically arranged, and delivered with Brenda's unmistakeable,TO DIE-FOR delivery.
422;6;Every song is melodically beautiful, classically arranged, and delivered with Brenda's unmistakeable,TO DIE-FOR delivery.
422;7;Every song is melodically beautiful, classically arranged, and delivered with Brenda's unmistakeable,TO DIE-FOR delivery.
422;8;You can feel the emotions she puts into each song and it is easy to see why she was such a big star with so many hits.
422;9;Every song is melodically beautiful, classically arranged, and delivered with Brenda's unmistakeable,TO DIE-FOR delivery.
422;10;Nostalgic and romantic - her very best hits.
478;1;The pain in her voice while singing is fantastic.
478;2;The pain in her voice while singing is fantastic.
478;3;As far as the rest of the album...it's good.
478;4;I received my first In This Moment album back in June of 2014 for my birthday.
478;5;I received my first In This Moment album back in June of 2014 for my birthday.
478;6;I really see this album as being right home the industrial metal explosion of the mid to late 90s.
478;7;I received my first In This Moment album back in June of 2014 for my birthday.
478;8;They went from Gen "singing" undecipherable lyrics to melodic and amazing metal.
478;9;What a catchy tune, captivating, and fun.
478;10;As much as I love dark and heavy music, my favorite song on this album will always be "Out of Hell", which is a piano ballad detailing singer Maria Brink's traumatizing past.
479;1;Listen to this album after a long day at work and you'll know how good this album is.
479;2;Country music typifies, in my view, many negative ills with the human condition--and the genre approbates them!
479;3;Listen to this album after a long day at work and you'll know how good this album is.
479;4;The final track with Willie Nelson is stunning.
479;5;The final track with Willie Nelson is stunning.
479;6;The final track with Willie Nelson is stunning.
479;7;Loved every track and listen to it every morning on my hour drive to work.
479;8;This is a CD that I'll play again and again until I can sing along without missing a lyric!
479;9;The final track with Willie Nelson is stunning.
479;10;I love the songs on this album--even the few that didn't strike me right away have grown on me--and Mr. Lee's voice is wonderful
476;1;There were great songs on `Adrenalize' from the power ballads of `Heaven Is' and `Have You Ever Wanted Someone So Bad' to hard rockers like ` Tear It Down' and the smutty `Make Love Like A Man' and `Tonight' the socially conscious `White Lightning' to throw away fun like `Let's Get Rocked'.
476;2;There were great songs on `Adrenalize' from the power ballads of `Heaven Is' and `Have You Ever Wanted Someone So Bad' to hard rockers like ` Tear It Down' and the smutty `Make Love Like A Man' and `Tonight' the socially conscious `White Lightning' to throw away fun like `Let's Get Rocked'.
476;3;There were great songs on `Adrenalize' from the power ballads of `Heaven Is' and `Have You Ever Wanted Someone So Bad' to hard rockers like ` Tear It Down' and the smutty `Make Love Like A Man' and `Tonight' the socially conscious `White Lightning' to throw away fun like `Let's Get Rocked'.
476;4;Everything on this CD has energy and refinement.
476;5;Everything on this CD has energy and refinement.
476;6;This CD takes what made them popular on Hysteria and cleans it up.
476;7;She knew I would be spending a long time alone in my car as we made the drive to our new home, and wanted me to be able to listen to something I would enjoy.
476;8;There were great songs on `Adrenalize' from the power ballads of `Heaven Is' and `Have You Ever Wanted Someone So Bad' to hard rockers like ` Tear It Down' and the smutty `Make Love Like A Man' and `Tonight' the socially conscious `White Lightning' to throw away fun like `Let's Get Rocked'.
476;9;There were great songs on `Adrenalize' from the power ballads of `Heaven Is' and `Have You Ever Wanted Someone So Bad' to hard rockers like ` Tear It Down' and the smutty `Make Love Like A Man' and `Tonight' the socially conscious `White Lightning' to throw away fun like `Let's Get Rocked'.
476;10;I still love the song "Tonight."
477;1;Great music, fun and take you through all the emotions of the holiday.
477;2;The Herald Trumpets Sing" to the last beautiful notes of "O Holy Night" there is not one bad song here...But what makes this CD great is how the music flows together.
477;3;This one starts off with two really good versions of Hark!
477;4;"Traditions of Christmas" is a Chip Davis original, and is sweet and cozy.
477;5;"Traditions of Christmas" is a Chip Davis original, and is sweet and cozy.
477;6;"Traditions of Christmas" is a Chip Davis original, and is sweet and cozy.
477;7;"Traditions of Christmas" is a Chip Davis original, and is sweet and cozy.
477;8;The Herald Trumpets Sing" to the last beautiful notes of "O Holy Night" there is not one bad song here...But what makes this CD great is how the music flows together.
477;9;Their music is fun, we've been to their concerts and this just adds to our enjoyment of the season.
477;10;A couple of people have told me they like the fact that the carols are so unusual, which is why I love this album!
474;1;She writes her own songs and her music evokes true emotion.
474;2;She's definitely another  DIVA that just exploded in America, but was already en route to conquer the  world.
474;3;Just take a good listen, the cd  speaks for itself.
474;4;She's definitely another  DIVA that just exploded in America, but was already en route to conquer the  world.
474;5;She's definitely another  DIVA that just exploded in America, but was already en route to conquer the  world.
474;6;She's definitely another  DIVA that just exploded in America, but was already en route to conquer the  world.
474;7;She's definitely another  DIVA that just exploded in America, but was already en route to conquer the  world.
474;8;She writes her own songs and her music evokes true emotion.
474;9;She has many power ballads and some dance  numbers that showcase her vocals.
474;10;While, 'Love' is a snappy, dance-y club cut, much of the CD is filled with powerful, heart wrenching ballads,  that will rival anything Celine or Whitney or Mariah have to offer.
475;1;"Higher Love" is a much deserved classic with a tropical color and a happy and fun groove.
475;2;Its a sad closing cut,but beutifull,with hope that maybe she will change her mind.
475;3;The box  set The Finer Things is also quite good.
475;4;High Life is definitely the cd  to own from Steve.
475;5;I swear that Winwood must have been reading some very good psychology books to come up with this effort!
475;6;Bouncy upbeat pop perfect for work, the car, or even just cleaning the house, this album made huge hits out of "Higher Love", "The Finer Things" and the title track, and all three of these (particularly Higher Love), still get played almost daily on adult contemporary radio stations.
475;7;Bouncy upbeat pop perfect for work, the car, or even just cleaning the house, this album made huge hits out of "Higher Love", "The Finer Things" and the title track, and all three of these (particularly Higher Love), still get played almost daily on adult contemporary radio stations.
475;8;All of these songs have thoughtful,intelligent lyrics about optimism and the idea of something creepy lurking around underneath.
475;9;"Wake Me Up On Judgement Day" makes a great dance song for a party, with a high-energy pop/synth background, even though the lyrics are about a guy who would rather sleep through the world's problems caused by human error.
475;10;"Back In The High Life Again"  alone is worth the album price, but throw in "The Finer Things"  and "My Love's Leavin'" and it's a steal.
472;1;"Lately" is a stirring ballad while "Happy Birthday" is dedicated to Martin Luther King, Jr. and is an open plea to make his birthday a national holiday, which it was not at the time.
472;2;He took so many negatives from his own life and personal experience and through the gifts of songs and social services, made the world a much better place than the one he first entered into.
472;3;Anyway,it's a very good album.
472;4;Stevie's response was the most becoming gesture of a consumate musical genius:he cut years off of his habitually lengthy gestation period of years in between albums and unleashed the powerful 1980 album,'Hotter Than July'/Wonder invites special musical guests greats such as the beautiful Angela Winbush,Betty Wright,The O'Jays,Michael Jackson and a few members of the Gap Band appear as background vocalists on the album...'Did I Hear You Say You Love Me'the album's opening cut is a funk r&b rock workout.
472;5;You have the the soulful sounds of "All I Do", the lryical masterpiece in "Rocket Love", the funky and fun "As if You Read My Mind" & "Do Like You" are as nasty & funky as it gets!
472;6;After the experimentation of The secret Journey Through The Life Of Plants, Mr. Wonder returns to his normal form with a collection of funkified numbers.
472;7;When we were driving through the Sinai, which was like being on the moon, this is one of the records we listened to.
472;8;Stevie doing what he does best, memorable melodies with meaningful lyrics.
472;9;You have the the soulful sounds of "All I Do", the lryical masterpiece in "Rocket Love", the funky and fun "As if You Read My Mind" & "Do Like You" are as nasty & funky as it gets!
472;10;I love lately,All I do, Rocket Love, and Master Blaster Jammn'.
473;1;these are songs all ages can enjoy from adolescents to the mature.
473;2;There are classic hits on here like "I Want You Back", "I'll Be There", "The Love You Save", "ABC" and "Dancing Machine".
473;3;A good collection, buy it for a retro-70's party!
473;4;There are classic hits on here like "I Want You Back", "I'll Be There", "The Love You Save", "ABC" and "Dancing Machine".
473;5;Until one day I browsed the Internet, I had read about Michael Jackson's Wikipedia, I start to listen all his songs other than the hit ones, and found that most of his songs are terribly great with message, then I start to listen his old songs (Motown) also..."The Ultimate Collection" Album included the best songs of little Michael in Jackson-5 decade.
473;6;There are classic hits on here like "I Want You Back", "I'll Be There", "The Love You Save", "ABC" and "Dancing Machine".
473;7;There are classic hits on here like "I Want You Back", "I'll Be There", "The Love You Save", "ABC" and "Dancing Machine".
473;8;"ABC" continues in the same vein
473;9;songs that one listen to or dance to.
473;10;I love this disc, because I grew up on the music of the Jackson 5.
470;1;It also offers promise of what today's pop music could be -- a fresh, fun, energetic, eclectic sound that is a joy to listen to.
470;2;This CD sparkles with Lewis' personality, sound, and creativity.
470;3;"Heres My Hello" is a good dance track that stands out here.
470;4;This CD sparkles with Lewis' personality, sound, and creativity.
470;5;I have read that Blake is still signed with 19 Recordings' [an entertainment company run by Simon Fuller that represents and manages many former 'Idols']...I hope he goes far with his music career and I can tell you that 'Break Anotha', 'Know My Name, and '1000 Miles are a few tracks that have been on my ipod for some time, and are cool to hear in the mix.
470;6;This CD sparkles with Lewis' personality, sound, and creativity.
470;7;This CD sparkles with Lewis' personality, sound, and creativity.
470;8;Very unique and catchy, great sounds and some of the best lyrics I have ever heard...I read recently that his record company dropped him.
470;9;It also offers promise of what today's pop music could be -- a fresh, fun, energetic, eclectic sound that is a joy to listen to.
470;10;The lyrical theme of love lost/love possible is carried through with a range of tempos and styles.
471;1;You can feel his emotions, whether it's anger, sadness...He does it so well...Through the Ashes was such a turning point for the band and I'm so happy they've continued to progress in a positive direction.
471;2;Something new, and something never been told before...Get this album, you'll love it...Also....
471;3;So many good releases this year, and this is one of the best.
471;4;Something new, and something never been told before...Get this album, you'll love it...Also....
471;5;This things is weighty, awesome, wonderful and mostly focused, with Flynn, in particular, sounding passionate and brimming full of unholy fire.
471;6;Something new, and something never been told before...Get this album, you'll love it...Also....
471;7;Something new, and something never been told before...Get this album, you'll love it...Also....
471;8;It touches every emotion during its playback.
471;9;Something new, and something never been told before...Get this album, you'll love it...Also....
471;10;Something new, and something never been told before...Get this album, you'll love it...Also....
468;1;I laughed when I saw one of the earlier reviewers had referred to this  album is good but not terrific.
468;2;Gordon usually does excellent work, and this is more proof (the only negative part is his difficult to understand Canadian accent).
468;3;I laughed when I saw one of the earlier reviewers had referred to this  album is good but not terrific.
468;4;Great album, and the title song is one of the all-time classics of folk-rock.
468;5;Great album, and the title song is one of the all-time classics of folk-rock.
468;6;As has been stated in other reviews, not only are the hits on this album great, but the "lesser" tunes, such as Is There Anyone Home and Too late for Prayin' are remarkable as well.
468;7;So very mellow...Just what you need to (calmly) finish your trip...Love it!
468;8;I take something back- "high and dry" sounds happy, but I think the lyrics are sad.
468;9;It's an excellent and gorgeous song though, just like the rest of the album...People make fun of artists like Gordon Lightfoot because to a lot of people this kind of music is dated and, according to them, too similar to other mushy soft rock artists from the 70's.
468;10;For me the hits are the least appealing songs on the album - so if you like those songs you should love the rest.
469;1;Really enjoy this compiliation probably better or as well as GH I.  Like the songs from Infinity - Captured and favorites from those CDs - The Party is Over, Good Morning Girl, Stay Awhile, Walks Like a Lady, Little Girl and others, When I Think of You, Escape and Mother/Father Live...All songs just sound great.
469;2;"When I think of You" is beautiful, but so sad.
469;3;I have actually purchased this for a former husband who is a fan of "Stay Awhile" and "Good Morning Girl".
469;4;Gev to myself and I love it
469;5;Gev to myself and I love it
469;6;Gev to myself and I love it
469;7;Gev to myself and I love it
469;8;"When I think of You" is beautiful, but so sad.
469;9;Gev to myself and I love it
469;10;Gev to myself and I love it
466;1;Modern atavism never sounded so good!
466;2;Modern atavism never sounded so good!
466;3;Modern atavism never sounded so good!
466;4;Modern atavism never sounded so good!
466;5;Perhaps their most esoteric record of all
466;6;Modern atavism never sounded so good!
466;7;Modern atavism never sounded so good!
466;8;2)" which is a reprise of part 1 with different lyrics.
466;9;Modern atavism never sounded so good!
466;10;I already had this CD, but bought the remastered version by James Guthrie because I have always loved this album and agree with all the other listeners who feel this work was under rated.
467;1;There is a good amount of piano on this cd, which I really enjoy.
467;2;My favorite songs include the sweet and  soulful "January Wedding" and "Ten Thousand Words" which describes  the danger of paralysis by introspection.
467;3;They have wide ranging styles, thoughtful lyrics (most of the time), and good harmonies.
467;4;My favorite songs include the sweet and  soulful "January Wedding" and "Ten Thousand Words" which describes  the danger of paralysis by introspection.
467;5;My favorite songs include the sweet and  soulful "January Wedding" and "Ten Thousand Words" which describes  the danger of paralysis by introspection.
467;6;In this day of so many overproduced recordings, it's nice to hear a pure and clean version of the Avett Brothers that allows all of their joy in the music to come out.
467;7;My favorite songs include the sweet and  soulful "January Wedding" and "Ten Thousand Words" which describes  the danger of paralysis by introspection.
467;8;I am  entranced by both the musicality and the clever and thoughtful lyrics of  "I and Love and You."
467;9;Then others that are just pure fun: Kick Drum Heart tops of several songs with exuberant, irresistible beats.
467;10;As a whole the album considers the nature of love, loneliness, longing and desire.
464;1;Some people who listen to nothing but very light rock won't care for it, but it you have a good ear and enjoy great music regardless of what genre it is in, this is an album every serious lover of music should own.
464;2;great neat good super awesome good excellent .
464;3;great neat good super awesome good excellent .
464;4;great neat good super awesome good excellent .
464;5;I bought this CD without ever actually hearing any of the songs, based on word of mouth and reading a few reviews.
464;6;great neat good super awesome good excellent .
464;7;Unlike "Songs for the deaf" and it's visceral appeal, "Rated R" has more of hallucinogenic side to it and that makes it a great trip.
464;8;Rated R  suceeds on every level, an essential album for anyone and everyone that  mixes catchy hooks, screeching vocals, fat bass lines, and fantastic lyrics  to produce a modern masterpiece of rock.
464;9;it was wonderful surprise delightful summer of fun.like  as fun as a pearl jam show
464;10;My daughter told me.I would love it, since I was crazy over their last two releases.
465;1;A nice array of songs and performers that will be enjoyed by young and old alike.
465;2;I have the music on right now.
465;3;Filled with classic sounds weaved into a setting that pulls the listener in with the vocal talents of each artist and a nostalgia and down home spiritual feel good that puts this over the top, its one of these rare collections you put on and let it spin the magic of the holidays.
465;4;I have the music on right now.
465;5;Smith put a lot of creativity and focus into this record, and the stars have shown up for this CD -all 9 of the renowned artists have had at least one #1 hit on the charts.
465;6;Filled with classic sounds weaved into a setting that pulls the listener in with the vocal talents of each artist and a nostalgia and down home spiritual feel good that puts this over the top, its one of these rare collections you put on and let it spin the magic of the holidays.
465;7;I have the music on right now.
465;8;It is breathtaking in its simplicity and emotion.
465;9;I have the music on right now.
465;10;Love the variety of artists and selection of Christmas songs.
463;1;then it flows thru so nice with some feel good music, some happy endings, some mean girls, who can't be forgiven!
463;2;But things are not that bad when you listen to it again...After their successful first album we'd expect the same joy of both upbeat and intimate music from the trio.
463;3;The CD also has very good "Pop Sensibilities" as demonstrated in "Want To".
463;4;Jennifer Nettles is the exception ... her voice has amazing strength and purity that give her a soulful sound.
463;5;Jennifer Nettles is the exception ... her voice has amazing strength and purity that give her a soulful sound.
463;6;it is good clean music.
463;7;And this CD is also great to listen to while riding a car in an open road (especially titles like "Settlin'"), which fully justifies the title of the whole album.
463;8;Awesome lyrics...I love all of the songs.
463;9;It's full of fun and heartbreak, sadness and triumph.
463;10;I've always loved country music, but never cared for singers with a twang.
462;1;everyone is finding out what we've known all along - how good they are...if you like rock 'n roll it's here.
462;2;How great to have a new band keeping the southern rock sound alive.
462;3;everyone is finding out what we've known all along - how good they are...if you like rock 'n roll it's here.
462;4;How great to have a new band keeping the southern rock sound alive.
462;5;How great to have a new band keeping the southern rock sound alive.
462;6;How great to have a new band keeping the southern rock sound alive.
462;7;How great to have a new band keeping the southern rock sound alive.
462;8;The lyrics, delivery, musical performances, demonstrating nuance and maturity.
462;9;How great to have a new band keeping the southern rock sound alive.
462;10;There was a certain quality and characteristic sound I had come to love in previous albums.
461;1;Apart from the clear comment on the nature of Hollywood screenwriting, on a deeper level I think this is a pretty great metaphor for our desire to rewrite the less positive aspects of our lives and replace them with something more attractive...This is just one example, but the album has fantastic lyrics all around.
461;2;This is seen in guitar fills on "The Afterlife" and the bass line in "Dazzling Blue", for example.
461;3;(a good sign) I have found Mr Simon's work consistently interesting since Graceland.
461;4;As is the four-minute music video for "Getting Ready for Christmas Day" (which is great, by the way).
461;5;As is the four-minute music video for "Getting Ready for Christmas Day" (which is great, by the way).
461;6;I am very happy with the sound quality of the vinyl and for about five extra bucks I have a wonderful album cover to put in a album cover frame and hang it in the interior of my home.
461;7;It also made me want to get in the car and take off on an extended road trip...All the tracks in "So Beautiful..." are entertaining, engrossing even, but I especially liked "Getting Ready for Christmas Day", "Dazzling Blue" and "Rewrite".
461;8;Apart from the clear comment on the nature of Hollywood screenwriting, on a deeper level I think this is a pretty great metaphor for our desire to rewrite the less positive aspects of our lives and replace them with something more attractive...This is just one example, but the album has fantastic lyrics all around.
461;9;Not just looking back, but also looking around at the world and himself today as well as looking forward, and seeing things through a more spiritual lens than in his earlier days...I bought the CD/DVD combo hoping I'd love the "making of" documentary, with visions of the "Classic Albums" series of music documentaries dancing in my head -- lengthy, detailed and fascinating.
461;10;Not just looking back, but also looking around at the world and himself today as well as looking forward, and seeing things through a more spiritual lens than in his earlier days...I bought the CD/DVD combo hoping I'd love the "making of" documentary, with visions of the "Classic Albums" series of music documentaries dancing in my head -- lengthy, detailed and fascinating.
460;1;The deleted scenes were a good call!
460;2;The cast sings wonderfully... even Tom Cruise.
460;3;The deleted scenes were a good call!
460;4;Great to play on the way to the gym to get my energy up.
460;5;The cast sings wonderfully... even Tom Cruise.
460;6;The cast sings wonderfully... even Tom Cruise.
460;7;The cast sings wonderfully... even Tom Cruise.
460;8;The cast sings wonderfully... even Tom Cruise.
460;9;Such a fun movie and even better soundtrack!
460;10;My wife loves the movie and the soundtrack.
459;1;Good song, funny lyrics and easy to like...12.
459;2;Very catchy and you will like it trust me!
459;3;Good song, funny lyrics and easy to like...12.
459;4;Very catchy and you will like it trust me!
459;5;Very catchy and you will like it trust me!
459;6;Love the mix of wearwoves and sweet home... as only Kid can do.
459;7;Very catchy and you will like it trust me!
459;8;Good song, funny lyrics and easy to like...12.
459;9;But I know it'll be the kind of album that is fun, entertaining, and mixed up with a bunch of different musical genres.
459;10;If you're a true fan of rock n' roll you'll love it.
458;1;Just get it and start enjoying!
458;2;I too am especially annoyed by leaf blowers (the most futile machine in the universe) and inattentive drivers talking on their cell phones, and I love hearing Bill and Henry screaming about these issues and more...This CD is absolutely impossible to categorize: it isn't so bad it's funny like "Transformed Man", and Shatner still isn't a great singer, but I really enjoy this CD.
458;3;I can't say enough good things about it -- it's one of the best albums I've heard this past year.
458;4;After this album and his incredible, hilarious work on Boston Legal, she's become a fan...I was expecting interesting work since I'd heard that Ben Folds produced this album--and I loved their collaboration on Folds' "Fear of Pop Vol 1" album, but I was blown away by what I heard.
458;5;After this album and his incredible, hilarious work on Boston Legal, she's become a fan...I was expecting interesting work since I'd heard that Ben Folds produced this album--and I loved their collaboration on Folds' "Fear of Pop Vol 1" album, but I was blown away by what I heard.
458;6;And yet they feel perfectly at home with the mocking tone of "You'll have time"...I would be remiss if I didn't mention the amazing contribution of rocker Ben Folds who wrote and arranged most of the music on the album.
458;7;Some songs are driven by Folds gift for melody
458;8;The emotions on this album range from joy to just, well, sad.
458;9;The album is fun and has something to say.
458;10;"Familiar Love" is for any happy couple whose love has taken deep root.
457;1;This was always one creepy, but goofy song..."Burnin' For You"...almost as similar as the studio version...it's very good..."Roadhouse Blues"...Excellent remake of the old Doors classic...EVERY song was very good on this double live album, which is most highly recommended.
457;2;This was always one creepy, but goofy song..."Burnin' For You"...almost as similar as the studio version...it's very good..."Roadhouse Blues"...Excellent remake of the old Doors classic...EVERY song was very good on this double live album, which is most highly recommended.
457;3;This was always one creepy, but goofy song..."Burnin' For You"...almost as similar as the studio version...it's very good..."Roadhouse Blues"...Excellent remake of the old Doors classic...EVERY song was very good on this double live album, which is most highly recommended.
457;4;This was always one creepy, but goofy song..."Burnin' For You"...almost as similar as the studio version...it's very good..."Roadhouse Blues"...Excellent remake of the old Doors classic...EVERY song was very good on this double live album, which is most highly recommended.
457;5;This was always one creepy, but goofy song..."Burnin' For You"...almost as similar as the studio version...it's very good..."Roadhouse Blues"...Excellent remake of the old Doors classic...EVERY song was very good on this double live album, which is most highly recommended.
457;6;I find it to be very clean.
457;7;This was always one creepy, but goofy song..."Burnin' For You"...almost as similar as the studio version...it's very good..."Roadhouse Blues"...Excellent remake of the old Doors classic...EVERY song was very good on this double live album, which is most highly recommended.
457;8;This was always one creepy, but goofy song..."Burnin' For You"...almost as similar as the studio version...it's very good..."Roadhouse Blues"...Excellent remake of the old Doors classic...EVERY song was very good on this double live album, which is most highly recommended.
457;9;This was always one creepy, but goofy song..."Burnin' For You"...almost as similar as the studio version...it's very good..."Roadhouse Blues"...Excellent remake of the old Doors classic...EVERY song was very good on this double live album, which is most highly recommended.
457;10;I have always loved this song, very much..."Joan Crawford"...I really enjoyed the spooky keyboard intro & ALSO on the ending.
456;1;It has a few ballads, but I still enjoyed it.
456;2;'Your Ways '( a song in which Michael delivers a superb falsetto vocal range ), and 'Walk Right Now'...Also noteworthy is the melodic and somewhat sad ballad 'Time Waits For No One'...Whether U you are dance music fan or just introducing your children to some good old-school rhythms,.
456;3;Triumph is a good set and at this point in time the last good record from The Jacksons.
456;4;One of my favorite Jacksons album.
456;5;One of my favorite Jacksons album.
456;6;One of my favorite Jacksons album.
456;7;One of my favorite Jacksons album.
456;8;'Your Ways '( a song in which Michael delivers a superb falsetto vocal range ), and 'Walk Right Now'...Also noteworthy is the melodic and somewhat sad ballad 'Time Waits For No One'...Whether U you are dance music fan or just introducing your children to some good old-school rhythms,.
456;9;Walk Right Now - this "Prince"-like funky track/single was a excilent party song with dramatic, but catchy hooks by the 22 year old future king of pop.
456;10;I highly recommend it, for all you people who loved the J5.
455;1;I am happy to have this CD to allow me to listen and enjoy the great music from this group.
455;2;Six of the tracks here come from the two albums for which they are best remembered - A new world record (Living thing, Telephone line, Rockaria) and Out of the blue (Mr Blue sky, Sweet talking woman, Turn to stone).
455;3;This is a good album to pull out every now and then when you want to hear and remember music from a bygone era with irresistable melodies and feel good lyrics and is very enjoyable and will definitely perk up your ears.
455;4;Those of us that were around when ELO came out will remember a lot of the songs on this CD.
455;5;If you've read this far, you're a fan like me and you will devour this set.
455;6;Those of us that were around when ELO came out will remember a lot of the songs on this CD.
455;7;Those of us that were around when ELO came out will remember a lot of the songs on this CD.
455;8;This is a good album to pull out every now and then when you want to hear and remember music from a bygone era with irresistable melodies and feel good lyrics and is very enjoyable and will definitely perk up your ears.
455;9;You can't go wrong with Telephone Line,Evil Woman,Strange Magic,Livin Thing and the sweep you off your feet track,Turn to Stone...Some people might consider this to be bubblegum,but these songs are very catchy and fun to listen to and after all,it was the 70's and songwriter/band member Jeff Lynne was at the top of his game.
455;10;For fans of ELO and of classic rock,I highly recommend this CD.You will love it.
454;1;This is a fantastic CD been listening to it since i got it and will be blairing it & enjoying it for many many many many dayz to come...!!!
454;2;Six of the tracks here come from the two albums for which they are best remembered - A new world record (Living thing, Telephone line, Rockaria) and Out of the blue (Mr Blue sky, Sweet talking woman, Turn to stone).
454;3;This is a good album to pull out every now and then when you want to hear and remember music from a bygone era with irresistable melodies and feel good lyrics and is very enjoyable and will definitely perk up your ears.
454;4;Some of the cream of the crop is on this such as "Strange Magic", "Evil Woman", "Turn To Stone", "Mr. Blue Sky", "Livin' Thing", "Can't Get It Out Of My Head", "Telephone Line", and so on...Overall this serves as a great introduction to a great band.
454;5;If you've read this far, you're a fan like me and you will devour this set.
454;6;Some of the cream of the crop is on this such as "Strange Magic", "Evil Woman", "Turn To Stone", "Mr. Blue Sky", "Livin' Thing", "Can't Get It Out Of My Head", "Telephone Line", and so on...Overall this serves as a great introduction to a great band.
454;7;Some of the cream of the crop is on this such as "Strange Magic", "Evil Woman", "Turn To Stone", "Mr. Blue Sky", "Livin' Thing", "Can't Get It Out Of My Head", "Telephone Line", and so on...Overall this serves as a great introduction to a great band.
454;8;This is a good album to pull out every now and then when you want to hear and remember music from a bygone era with irresistable melodies and feel good lyrics and is very enjoyable and will definitely perk up your ears.
454;9;They were great to dance to, and sometimes slipped in a meaning or two...That's not to say the songs weren't great!
454;10;I love this album and listen to it fairly frequently.
453;1;The title track, "Devils and Dust," is a fantastic, thought-provoking song that really makes listeners understand what our troops are going through everyday in Iraq.
453;2;The title track, "Devils and Dust," is a fantastic, thought-provoking song that really makes listeners understand what our troops are going through everyday in Iraq.
453;3;"Your sweet memory comes on the evenin' wind / I sleep and dream of holding you in my arms again / The lights of Brownsville, across the river shine / A shout rings out and into the silty red river I dive / I long, my darling, for your kiss, for your sweet love I give God thanks."
453;4;The title track, "Devils and Dust," is a fantastic, thought-provoking song that really makes listeners understand what our troops are going through everyday in Iraq.
453;5;I liked the fact that I could read the lyrics while listening to the songs...  My favorite is the title track.
453;6;The rustic home its shot in capture the feeling of the album perfectly.
453;7;The title track, "Devils and Dust," is a fantastic, thought-provoking song that really makes listeners understand what our troops are going through everyday in Iraq.
453;8;Despite its simplicity, the song's lyrics are powerful and the harmonica parts are haunting..."Reno" is another fantastic song...once you get past the "adult imagery!"
453;9;The title track, "Devils and Dust," is a fantastic, thought-provoking song that really makes listeners understand what our troops are going through everyday in Iraq.
453;10;The story is a powerful one, and the musical transitions between the character's present situation with the prostitute and his memories of a lost love are very well done.
452;1;sounds as good now as it did when it first came out!
452;2;Leslie West  justifies himself as a guitarist once and for all - he was never the  shredder but he influenced more than his share of forthcoming heavy metal  players with his chunky chords and his spare, lyrical solos.
452;3;It is thematic, it holds togther with music that revs like a thunderstorm and then disapates into peace and calm.
452;4;Leslie West  justifies himself as a guitarist once and for all - he was never the  shredder but he influenced more than his share of forthcoming heavy metal  players with his chunky chords and his spare, lyrical solos.
452;5;But I read that they put on an excellent show.
452;6;Leslie West  justifies himself as a guitarist once and for all - he was never the  shredder but he influenced more than his share of forthcoming heavy metal  players with his chunky chords and his spare, lyrical solos.
452;7;What a trip listening to these great songs again.
452;8;But this is hard rock as it should be, with brilliant musicianship, stunning production, intelligent lyrics and two contrasting and imposing vocalists.
452;9;Leslie West  justifies himself as a guitarist once and for all - he was never the  shredder but he influenced more than his share of forthcoming heavy metal  players with his chunky chords and his spare, lyrical solos.
452;10;coupled with the superb 'Stormy Monday' on 'Over the Top'  it might be all the Mountain you might need...........
451;1;I would recommend and you will enjoy this CD.
451;2;think this the second album i love the best of her and Rory music
451;3;Great cd, packaged real good!!
451;4;think this the second album i love the best of her and Rory music
451;5;think this the second album i love the best of her and Rory music
451;6;think this the second album i love the best of her and Rory music
451;7;think this the second album i love the best of her and Rory music
451;8;think this the second album i love the best of her and Rory music
451;9;think this the second album i love the best of her and Rory music
451;10;Love this genuine couple and their CD's, including this one, are wonderful.
450;1;They were fantastic, the music was fantastic, and the presentation was fantastic!
450;2;The other songs gain a lot from the energy of a live performance.
450;3;This is such a good band...perhaps the best American band ever, and this album truly captures them at the peak of their art.
450;4;The other songs gain a lot from the energy of a live performance.
450;5;The other songs gain a lot from the energy of a live performance.
450;6;The other songs gain a lot from the energy of a live performance.
450;7;The other songs gain a lot from the energy of a live performance.
450;8;Not only are their lyrics far more sophisticated than just about any other band, but the music is also a notch above.
450;9;A lot of fun to listen to this.
450;10;If you like The Talking Heads, you will love this album.
449;1;Awesome product, very happy with it.
449;2;Another good concert I bought this one new for my collection not a bad price to pay for Pink Floyd.
449;3;Another good concert I bought this one new for my collection not a bad price to pay for Pink Floyd.
449;4;But his radical re-working of 'Shine On You Crazy Diamond' from its thickly layered synth prog-rock into an intimate, acoustic workout, touching on folk, classical and Spanish guitar, and even funk, demonstrates that Gilmour, now in his early sixties, still abounds with fresh, creative energy.
449;5;Check out the Cellist in this, the backing vocals, the backing musicians are incredible.
449;6;Plus, the hilarious home movies are a hoot to watch (him explaining Je Crois' story was hysterical).
449;7;Check out the Cellist in this, the backing vocals, the backing musicians are incredible.
449;8;Another good concert I bought this one new for my collection not a bad price to pay for Pink Floyd.
449;9;I couldn't help but smile at his enthusiasm...note that funny dance at one point!
449;10;After the Bizet piece, I love the little smile that he gives to his ensemble.
448;1;Each album released had a different flavor which only prooved their diversity and creativity...Sonic Temple has that fantastic blend of harmony, tight instrumentation and memorable songs that have made it one of the best cds of its era.
448;2;he was kool looking great band classic album along side "electric" and "love" as their masterpieces
448;3;"Ceremony" is also very good, but not as coherent as "Electric" or "Sonic Temple".
448;4;he was kool looking great band classic album along side "electric" and "love" as their masterpieces
448;5;he was kool looking great band classic album along side "electric" and "love" as their masterpieces
448;6;he was kool looking great band classic album along side "electric" and "love" as their masterpieces
448;7;As any late '80s guitar fan knows this album dropped the bombastic "Fire Woman" on us (love the build and drive of that intro!)
448;8;It combines the big guitar riffs of the `Electric' album with the psychedelic tweaks of the `Love' album and throws in full-on vocal intensity and memorable lyrics.
448;9;Emerging from the late 1980s era of glam metal and mindless dance music, this was the welcomed return of rock music - a perfect combination of the ethereal elements of The Cult's major label debut, 'Love', and the bombastic rock of their sophmore outing, 'Electric'.
448;10;he was kool looking great band classic album along side "electric" and "love" as their masterpieces
508;1;The upcoming artists, are good, as well.
508;2;Awesome mix--all the hits (at least as far as my wife is concerned)
508;3;The upcoming artists, are good, as well.
508;4;Perfect for the gym floor, prior to a basketball game!
508;5;Awesome mix--all the hits (at least as far as my wife is concerned)
508;6;Awesome mix--all the hits (at least as far as my wife is concerned)
508;7;Awesome mix--all the hits (at least as far as my wife is concerned)
508;8;Awesome mix--all the hits (at least as far as my wife is concerned)
508;9;Awesome mix--all the hits (at least as far as my wife is concerned)
508;10;My daughter loves the Now cd's.
509;1;One of my favorite artists, and I enjoy all his CD's
509;2;This man exudes such charisma and wisdom borne from his own experience....from love and pain and knowledge and inspiration.
509;3;LC is a really good songwriter and performer.
509;4;The work of art and pictures on each CD sleeve is very nice.
509;5;The work of art and pictures on each CD sleeve is very nice.
509;6;The work of art and pictures on each CD sleeve is very nice.
509;7;The work of art and pictures on each CD sleeve is very nice.
509;8;The work of art and pictures on each CD sleeve is very nice.
509;9;To think that the first 11 Leonard Cohen studio albums are available in a nice package for about the price of what one cd used to cost is mind boggling: I bought mine through a third party on amazon at a very good price.
509;10;This man exudes such charisma and wisdom borne from his own experience....from love and pain and knowledge and inspiration.
510;1;Unlike a lot of albums where there's usually only a couple of good songs, including one top 50 radio hit (in this case, "Come & Get It"), this one has several solid songs with fun beats.
510;2;What I enjoy the most about these solid pop/electronic hits are the sunny vibe of these songs that go along with the audacious tone of the romantic/love themed messages behind the songs.
510;3;Really good songs by Selena.
510;4;What I enjoy the most about these solid pop/electronic hits are the sunny vibe of these songs that go along with the audacious tone of the romantic/love themed messages behind the songs.
510;5;What I enjoy the most about these solid pop/electronic hits are the sunny vibe of these songs that go along with the audacious tone of the romantic/love themed messages behind the songs.
510;6;very nice cd, good music, excellant to party or just chillin' out to and relaxing, really helps when i got to clean up.
510;7;What I enjoy the most about these solid pop/electronic hits are the sunny vibe of these songs that go along with the audacious tone of the romantic/love themed messages behind the songs.
510;8;The catchy lyrics come from pop-writing heavyweights Ester Dean, Toby Gad, Daniel James, and a plethora of others (with co-writing efforts from Gomez herself)...All in all, I would recommend this album to the pop enthusiast or anyone looking for party/workout music, because this fits the bill.
510;9;Other songs such as Birthday are not love themed but still evoke a fun having an exciting time of  life type of aura.
510;10;Other songs such as Birthday are not love themed but still evoke a fun having an exciting time of  life type of aura.
511;1;I personally enjoy this more than "A Love Supreme" and other titles that may be more popular...Trane plays soprano sax on 2 tracks, and tenor on the other two.
511;2;Click the links in here to see what's what...The "original" version of this album has on its cover a blue background and a waist-length picture of Coltrane holding a soprano sax.
511;3;For me personally, Janice Joplen, and Miles Davis did it best, Coltrane did a good job with it but it really, really, really, can over stay it's welcome with its length.
511;4;A superb job, much appreciatio to Rhino, and Coltrane's fabulous  rhythm section of Jones, Steve Davis, and McCoy Tyner.
511;5;(Figures since at the time Tranes was heavily into studying Islamic religions) It is so wonderfully simple too, but entirely complex.
511;6;A superb job, much appreciatio to Rhino, and Coltrane's fabulous  rhythm section of Jones, Steve Davis, and McCoy Tyner.
511;7;As always, the rhythm section, especially the driving bass, brilliantly propels the song.
511;8;Without the wonderful lyrics, it doesn't have all of its power, but Coltrane, Tyner, Davis and Jones do some amazing things within its framework.
511;9;The interplay between the members of the band is most evident here, as everyone joins in the party and becomes involved.
511;10;A must for anyone who truly loves Black American Classical music.
504;1;The Death re-master series has been good so far, with The Sound of Perseverance and Human releases both offering enough extra material and nice enough packaging to entice many fans who already owned them to buy them again.
504;2;But the vocals are a bit over the top, sometimes it's alright to hear him, because his vocals are also very unique, but atleast I can say that his vocals aren't as bad as that of John Tardy from Obituary.
504;3;The Death re-master series has been good so far, with The Sound of Perseverance and Human releases both offering enough extra material and nice enough packaging to entice many fans who already owned them to buy them again.
504;4;The production on those albums stunk!
504;5;That's a big plus, because Schuldiner is a complex lyricist, with songs that focus on things far more interesting than a million ways to kill someone.
504;6;The production on those albums stunk!
504;7;The production on those albums stunk!
504;8;Every song is the highest quality, every musician at the top of their game, with some even more personal and insightful lyrics from Chuck...Now for more insight on the 2011 remix, like 'Human
504;9;The production on those albums stunk!
504;10;digiorgio is my favorite bassist, hoglan is my favorite drummer, and chuck is my favorite musician, so naturally i'm going to love this album without even hearing it.
505;1;However, if you're a fan of downtuned riffage, you will enjoy this, and be able to access the technical metal world without any problem...True, this band is from Sweden, but they don't specialize in the melodeath department.
505;2;And if you like this one, give Nothing a try, it is a little less intense but equally satisfying.
505;3;...and that is a good thing.
505;4;But the more I listen the more hooked I get by how well it works...My favourite track on the cd is definately New Millenium Cyanide Christ, sporting an insane solo and an insane finish.
505;5;Read about this band from time to time so I figured I'd give them a listen.
505;6;I can only listen to so much of this but Chaosphere is home to some great songs.
505;7;And if you like this one, give Nothing a try, it is a little less intense but equally satisfying.
505;8;It's really amazing, and it's an interesting idea...The whole album from the cover, to the lyrics, to the song titles, to the overall "It's Meshuggah!!"
505;9;And if you like this one, give Nothing a try, it is a little less intense but equally satisfying.
505;10;But that's OK because the world needs bands that draw their musical inspiration from other sources - in Meshuggah's case, the overwhelming power and complexity of their rhythmic attack yields a batch of songs where the "hooks" are actually the rhythms themselves..."New Millenium Cyanide Christ" is perhaps the best example of what this band can do with just a couple of notes.
506;1;It's a feel good album to cruise to or chill at home.
506;2;Also, the song "Bad Blood" is amazing.
506;3;It's a feel good album to cruise to or chill at home.
506;4;This album is full of beautiful harmony, soaring melodies and synthy pop goodness that isn't too over the top...Opening with "Pompeii"-which brings to mind imagined images of the actual event with an enchanting opening chorus.
506;5;This album is full of beautiful harmony, soaring melodies and synthy pop goodness that isn't too over the top...Opening with "Pompeii"-which brings to mind imagined images of the actual event with an enchanting opening chorus.
506;6;It's a feel good album to cruise to or chill at home.
506;7;This album is full of beautiful harmony, soaring melodies and synthy pop goodness that isn't too over the top...Opening with "Pompeii"-which brings to mind imagined images of the actual event with an enchanting opening chorus.
506;8;I love this CD, the lyrics, the vocals...this is definitely the best release this year 2013 out of anything.
506;9;It is also fun to listen to.
506;10;I love this CD, the lyrics, the vocals...this is definitely the best release this year 2013 out of anything.
507;1;He's very happy with it.
507;2;There are numerous positives and a few negatives...First the Positives:.
507;3;There is enough stuff unique to this set only to appeal to a fan and it's a pretty good overview to attract fans to dig a little deeper...A seasoned fan with the albums already don't have the following remastered and available in a compilation, extended version of Magic Bus, single mixes of Who Are You, I Can See For Miles, See Me Feel Me, Won't Get Fooled Again, Who Are You, 5:15, The Seeker, and Real Good Looking Boy.
507;4;What a perfect mix of tunes!
507;5;"Who Hits 50" is a fine collection, which for the most part focuses on their singles.
507;6;What a perfect mix of tunes!
507;7;A great overview of the Who, I have a lot of the Who, but this is a great CD for the car or trucks, Great sound.
507;8;What a perfect mix of tunes!
507;9;What a perfect mix of tunes!
507;10;Bottom Line if you love the Who and have all of the albums you will have to have it and it is highly recommended.
500;1;This one sounds just right to sit back and enjoy.
500;2;This album is a brilliant showcase of Seger's talent and a sad reminder of what could have been, if not for missed opportunities.
500;3;Next is the beautiful ballad "Good For Me" which is one of Bob's best ballads.
500;4;One of Bobs grestest and last true masterpiece!!
500;5;One of Bobs grestest and last true masterpiece!!
500;6;One of Bobs grestest and last true masterpiece!!
500;7;One of Bobs grestest and last true masterpiece!!
500;8;Accompany Me is one of the best tunes I have ever heard, I love the lyrics and songwriting in general upbeat and positive great tune.
500;9;One of Bobs grestest and last true masterpiece!!
500;10;I love Seger so this is a great album
501;1;And even an acoustic touch on the excellent 'Use The Man' whoever produced this album is a genius because the way the tracks are mixed is fantastic.
501;2;Cryptic Writings is one of Megadeth's finest releases to date, it also shows that commercial isn't always bad.
501;3;If you like it then you will definitely like their older stuff like rust in peace and so far, so good.....
501;4;But Dave Mustaine has a deeper darker brain than the rest of the others and in more recent days I have rediscovered this album as a masterpiece... maybe even a fave.
501;5;But Dave Mustaine has a deeper darker brain than the rest of the others and in more recent days I have rediscovered this album as a masterpiece... maybe even a fave.
501;6;But Dave Mustaine has a deeper darker brain than the rest of the others and in more recent days I have rediscovered this album as a masterpiece... maybe even a fave.
501;7;But Dave Mustaine has a deeper darker brain than the rest of the others and in more recent days I have rediscovered this album as a masterpiece... maybe even a fave.
501;8;Cryptic Writings is one of Megadeth's finest releases to date, it also shows that commercial isn't always bad.
501;9;This whole album is a lot of fun to listen to and one of my favorite CDs of all time.
501;10;At first I was not that thrilled with this release but through time I have learned to love this album.
502;1;Some are happy and uplifting while others are filled with such emotion it brings tears to my eyes.
502;2;The cd the musical and movie!
502;3;This is a very good quality CD.
502;4;The cd the musical and movie!
502;5;The cd the musical and movie!
502;6;I love the music and the last Hair CD I lost, so it's nice to have Gordon back home where they belong.
502;7;What a nice trip down memory lane.
502;8;And the lyrics are some of the most impressive I've heard.
502;9;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
502;10;I love the music and the last Hair CD I lost, so it's nice to have Gordon back home where they belong.
503;1;I probably enjoyed disc one a bit more so than disc two - but rest assure - it's all good to thoroughly take in.
503;2;Very nice recording and nice packaging as well
503;3;Guns N Roses Live Era is a very good live production.
503;4;Very nice recording and nice packaging as well
503;5;Very nice recording and nice packaging as well
503;6;You can feel the  clean sound of his guitars running all across your skin, making a perfect  complement to Axl's vocals.
503;7;Oh yeah I overturned my car too.
503;8;All in all I recommend this to any hard rock fans that  are searching for REAL rock with agression and smart lyrics
503;9;I have come across Axel making fun of Bon Jovi at a live show that would have been much better.
503;10;Many fans now will never get to see them in their prime and it just feels like a lost opportunity...Like most GNR fans I love the Appetite material from this album.
496;1;For now though, give these guys a listen and enjoy the brilliance of Sun Giant.
496;2;I cannot think of a better way to discover this band - this EP is timeless, eloquent and understated perfection.
496;3;Lot's has been written about Fleet Foxes, so I'll let my two cents be: "original, mysterious, pretty, unpretentious, catchy, and unexpected"...I'll bet they are having a good time.
496;4;I cannot think of a better way to discover this band - this EP is timeless, eloquent and understated perfection.
496;5;I cannot think of a better way to discover this band - this EP is timeless, eloquent and understated perfection.
496;6;I cannot think of a better way to discover this band - this EP is timeless, eloquent and understated perfection.
496;7;I cannot think of a better way to discover this band - this EP is timeless, eloquent and understated perfection.
496;8;And they already have a knack for lyrics full of beauty, sorrow and evocative language ("Rust suddenly falling beside me on a ghost of a morning/riding in sorrow to the harbor/far behind me, the bodies of my friends...")...The Fleet Foxes spin up a truly lovely, powerful little EP, crammed with emotion, poetry and plenty of vocal depth.
496;9;I cannot think of a better way to discover this band - this EP is timeless, eloquent and understated perfection.
496;10;Apparently, somebody else loves harmony, and have the talent and originality to bring it to us as something different still.
497;1;Such is not the case, and those who appreciated the last album will enjoy the progression they take us on for their third affair...Sounds Like: It should...The Good:.
497;2;To give an honest review of this album, you have to let the album stand on its own.
497;3;ALL the songs stick in your head and, believe me, that's a good thing...  The lyrical content seems a lot deeper and most definately more political ("Wide Awake") than on there other records.
497;4;To give an honest review of this album, you have to let the album stand on its own.
497;5;To give an honest review of this album, you have to let the album stand on its own.
497;6;Chris Cornell sounds more at home this time out as well...AUDIOSLAVE continues to moves in it's own direction forging it's own path.
497;7;Good base lines with a driving sound, reminds me at times of vintage ZZ-Top or the Black Crows.
497;8;Tom's guitar playing still shines through from the intricate finger work on Revelations and One and the Same to the simple melodies on Shape of Things to Come and Nothing Left to say but Goodbye...All in all, a very well produced album with easy to understand lyrics, albeit complex and very thought provoking at times, and very pleasing melodies and the occassional sharp edge of Tom's guitar work.
497;9;To give an honest review of this album, you have to let the album stand on its own.
497;10;, you'll love this cd.
498;1;Rik Emmet is a fantastic guitar player and even though this band had some success in the 80s, they should have been much bigger than they were.
498;2;but I'll be picking up plenty more Triumph CD's soon.
498;3;I've never heard triumph sound so good!
498;4;but I'll be picking up plenty more Triumph CD's soon.
498;5;but I'll be picking up plenty more Triumph CD's soon.
498;6;but I'll be picking up plenty more Triumph CD's soon.
498;7;Triumph first 3 albums/releases were excellent guitar driven hard rock.
498;8;Great musicianship mixed with great lyrics,and great vocals,this is a must-have for even a casual fan of Triumph!
498;9;but I'll be picking up plenty more Triumph CD's soon.
498;10;I have always loved this 3 man band... So much talent.
499;1;But the main ingredient that makes this album so good  is Ghost himself on the mic.
499;2;one of his best work i have nothing bad to say about his sexy behind!!
499;3;But the main ingredient that makes this album so good  is Ghost himself on the mic.
499;4;For those of you who thought Wu-Tang was dead, this album proves completely otherwise.
499;5;For those of you who thought Wu-Tang was dead, this album proves completely otherwise.
499;6;For those of you who thought Wu-Tang was dead, this album proves completely otherwise.
499;7;For those of you who thought Wu-Tang was dead, this album proves completely otherwise.
499;8;one of his best work i have nothing bad to say about his sexy behind!!
499;9;For those of you who thought Wu-Tang was dead, this album proves completely otherwise.
499;10;If you have the time to sit and  listen to this and decipher, you'll love it, whether you are a hardcore  Wu-Banga or not.
493;1;I purchase WOW hits each year and enjoy listening to so much when driving locally or traveling long distance.
493;2;You bring the joy of the Lord to my life every day through my years and years of Christian music!
493;3;You bring the joy of the Lord to my life every day through my years and years of Christian music!
493;4;You bring the joy of the Lord to my life every day through my years and years of Christian music!
493;5;You bring the joy of the Lord to my life every day through my years and years of Christian music!
493;6;You bring the joy of the Lord to my life every day through my years and years of Christian music!
493;7;I purchase WOW hits each year and enjoy listening to so much when driving locally or traveling long distance.
493;8;You bring the joy of the Lord to my life every day through my years and years of Christian music!
493;9;You bring the joy of the Lord to my life every day through my years and years of Christian music!
493;10;I love these music I try to get the new christian hit every year
492;1;All I heard was that they were a band of sisters who decided to start a band with the influence of their parents who enjoyed good rock music!
492;2;I am not surprised the UK took to em first...they don't sound American really...they sound like Brits or Swedes IMITATING 70s So-Cal female American bands but with an 80s Euro approach.....The songs are fresh, enticing, and exciting...now I want the 2CD import on Polydor/Universal UK with 2 B-sides, a live track and a slew of remixes!!
492;3;To say that their music contains a whole host of influences is an understatement, yet the sisters ground their many influences in their sweet perfect harmonies and bouncy feel good attitude floating throughout the entire album...The Haim sisters come from a family of accomplished musicians which makes sense as their technical skill and ability to craft songs is borderline genius.
492;4;I am not surprised the UK took to em first...they don't sound American really...they sound like Brits or Swedes IMITATING 70s So-Cal female American bands but with an 80s Euro approach.....The songs are fresh, enticing, and exciting...now I want the 2CD import on Polydor/Universal UK with 2 B-sides, a live track and a slew of remixes!!
492;5;So I read more into the bands impressive upbringing and I heard the song "The Wire" on the radio and liked it a lot.
492;6;I am not surprised the UK took to em first...they don't sound American really...they sound like Brits or Swedes IMITATING 70s So-Cal female American bands but with an 80s Euro approach.....The songs are fresh, enticing, and exciting...now I want the 2CD import on Polydor/Universal UK with 2 B-sides, a live track and a slew of remixes!!
492;7;This is in my car and it just plays over and over and over and it's great!
492;8;So many good tunes - some simply singable or makes you want to dance, others more complex and stylized - all the songs have great lyrics.
492;9;"Days Are Gone" is a really fun meld of electronic and folk with a strange little almost chirping synth sound in parts and also sees the appearance of Alana with lead vocal duties.
492;10;The flitting nuances and subtleties come not just from musicians who love music and can sing and play, but those who have deeply lived and breathed music their entire lives as well as exposed to an incredible range of music from birth.
495;1;A good mix for any fan.
495;2;This is a great collection of many of the Goo Goo Dolls best songs.
495;3;A good mix for any fan.
495;4;This is a great collection of many of the Goo Goo Dolls best songs.
495;5;This is a great collection of many of the Goo Goo Dolls best songs.
495;6;I love the cd and it got to my house in one piece.
495;7;This is a great collection of many of the Goo Goo Dolls best songs.
495;8;This is a great collection of many of the Goo Goo Dolls best songs.
495;9;I think Johnny Rzeznik is a great performer and his band represents a fun and energetic band that will hopefully grow.
495;10;If you liked what you've heard on the radio from these guys, then you'll love this album.
494;1;I enjoyed On the 6, and was afraid that this second album would not be as good.
494;2;P.Diddy is on the track saying "She's a bad bad bi***" good song.3) Play: Her current single which is hot!
494;3;P.Diddy is on the track saying "She's a bad bad bi***" good song.3) Play: Her current single which is hot!
494;4;I brought the CD to the gym, and it's perfect for working out.
494;5;It still carries a strong Latin influence on 'Aint it funny', 'Carino', 'Dame' and 'si ya ce acabo' which are all funky little choons.
494;6;And despite that use of the [swear] word in the song, "Play", this album is pretty clean.
494;7;It still carries a strong Latin influence on 'Aint it funny', 'Carino', 'Dame' and 'si ya ce acabo' which are all funky little choons.
494;8;And all the lyrics are different and Jennifer Lopez's vocals are really good!
494;9;Overall, fun music that is great for dancing!
494;10;I also love ON THE 6, which I also recommend if you like J. LO.
489;1;Anyone who is familiar with the long and sucessful career of Kenny Rogers will recognize these twenty fantastic songs.
489;2;Mad TV does the best Kenny Rogers impression ever!
489;3;Also, if you don't already have it, the "Water & Bridges" CD (his newest) is very good.
489;4;Mad TV does the best Kenny Rogers impression ever!
489;5;Mad TV does the best Kenny Rogers impression ever!
489;6;Mad TV does the best Kenny Rogers impression ever!
489;7;Mad TV does the best Kenny Rogers impression ever!
489;8;Mad TV does the best Kenny Rogers impression ever!
489;9;Mad TV does the best Kenny Rogers impression ever!
489;10;I love the fact that Kenny drinks Jack Daniels and eats lots of chicken.
488;1;Great music and really enjoying this CD.
488;2;Love all of his music.
488;3;Good quality sound and my favorite recordings.
488;4;Love all of his music.
488;5;Love all of his music.
488;6;Love all of his music.
488;7;Love all of his music.
488;8;Love all of his music.
488;9;Love all of his music.
488;10;Love all of his music.
491;1;Basically, the whole album is good.
491;2;Ginuwine shines on "Tear It Down."
491;3;Basically, the whole album is good.
491;4;Ginuwine shines on "Tear It Down."
491;5;Ginuwine shines on "Tear It Down."
491;6;Wow this is one for the house only be careful it's new age baby making music.
491;7;The tunes are sexy and this CD plays in my car quite often.
491;8;And the passion and emotion they put in these songs help take it over the top.
491;9;(by the way its song #2 "no fun") smh at them for that one but moving along overall the songs were great.
491;10;I love his voice and style.
490;1;Seeing and hearing this man do his thing not only makes you feel like part of the audience itself but realize how his music and strong character can make you happy and think all at the same time.
490;2;Stevie also sounds the same from 30+ years ago...unlike other singers who are bad LIVE in concert as the magic of recording studios make them sound good.
490;3;Stevie also sounds the same from 30+ years ago...unlike other singers who are bad LIVE in concert as the magic of recording studios make them sound good.
490;4;Seeing and hearing this man do his thing not only makes you feel like part of the audience itself but realize how his music and strong character can make you happy and think all at the same time.
490;5;It displays what the newer artists need to study.
490;6;Seeing and hearing this man do his thing not only makes you feel like part of the audience itself but realize how his music and strong character can make you happy and think all at the same time.
490;7;Seeing and hearing this man do his thing not only makes you feel like part of the audience itself but realize how his music and strong character can make you happy and think all at the same time.
490;8;Stevie also sounds the same from 30+ years ago...unlike other singers who are bad LIVE in concert as the magic of recording studios make them sound good.
490;9;Seeing and hearing this man do his thing not only makes you feel like part of the audience itself but realize how his music and strong character can make you happy and think all at the same time.
490;10;We love Stevie keep the good time rolling.
485;1;This is a fun cd to listen to really good ties in with N04 cd...highly recommend for a cd collector, well actually the whole stp series is good!
485;2;You can almost say this is great theatrical music, because it is basically dramas of loss, love, pain and life, but honestly and skillfully done.
485;3;Weiland's tribute to his son, "Song for Sleeping" is touching, without sounding corny.
485;4;Weiland's tribute to his son, "Song for Sleeping" is touching, without sounding corny.
485;5;The lyrics on Shangri-La Dee Da are among scott's most personal and focused.
485;6;From start to finish this CD is a great ride, starting off heavy, then falling into the light pop tunes, and then getting heavy again for the finale that is "Long Way Home".
485;7;The rest of it is an experience that is worth the price
485;8;I enjoyed the lyrics to Too Cool Queenie as well.
485;9;It even makes fun of Courtney Love (Too Cool Queenie)!
485;10;But compared to "No4," "Shangri-LA DEE DA" is more refined, more polished, and ultimately a superior album...The opening "Dumb Love" with Weiland's baritone growl over distorted guitars sounds a lot like vintage "Core" era STP, akin to "Dead and Bloated" and "Sex Type Thing," but with maybe a little more color.
484;1;A masterpiece among masterpieces, Iconoclast is essential listening to anyone who enjoys good music.
484;2;Despite their often hopeless themes of trying to do the impossible, ie figure out life on planet earth, the fact they reach so high and deliver an honest rendering of the mystery of this life that affects us all, music like this and the people behind it underline that, indeed, hope is alive and well, and that surely something awaits beyond the blue ball, amazing, for those who reach for it.
484;3;What makes it so good is the small elements of the classical music underneath the heaviness.
484;4;"Prometheus" is similarly heavy, but sports a relatively uplifting chorus.
484;5;I hope they read my post and please record another great album.
484;6;Okay, I can agree with those who say that he needs to have more of the clean vocals of the past.
484;7;It's indeed what drive us through an 82 mins journey...My favorites are Electric Messiah (perfect combination between Pinnella and Romeo), Dehumanized  and Children of a Faceless God.
484;8;I almost forgot about the lyrics, but that's just because they flow so well into the emotion and complexity of the music
484;9;Very, very intense guitar work here
484;10;I am giving it 5 stars as I do love it, but I would give 4 1/2 if I could.
487;1;Good tunes for a Levon Helms fan.
487;2;Only a couple of the Band numbers on disc 2 strike me as really good (though none are bad).
487;3;Only a couple of the Band numbers on disc 2 strike me as really good (though none are bad).
487;4;This is the greatest live album ever... These performances that are documented here find a band whose creative well had dried up (only one song from their then-recent release, "Cahoots"), yet at the same time, the great Allen Touissant's presence here rouses the great creative spirit that permeated The Band!
487;5;This is the greatest live album ever... These performances that are documented here find a band whose creative well had dried up (only one song from their then-recent release, "Cahoots"), yet at the same time, the great Allen Touissant's presence here rouses the great creative spirit that permeated The Band!
487;6;This is the greatest live album ever... These performances that are documented here find a band whose creative well had dried up (only one song from their then-recent release, "Cahoots"), yet at the same time, the great Allen Touissant's presence here rouses the great creative spirit that permeated The Band!
487;7;Great travelling music for long car rides.
487;8;Only a couple of the Band numbers on disc 2 strike me as really good (though none are bad).
487;9;By the time they shift into "Chest Fever" and "Rock and Roll Shoes," the performers and audience alike are dancing on winged feet.
487;10;If you love Dylan , The Band and early Byrds style country rock this will bring you back to those days and put a smile on your face.
486;1;But I like it so it was good for me.
486;2;This is the band's first album of new studio material in four years, marking the band's debut for Blue Note Label.
486;3;But I like it so it was good for me.
486;4;But I like it so it was good for me.
486;5;But I like it so it was good for me.
486;6;But I like it so it was good for me.
486;7;But I like it so it was good for me.
486;8;The more I listen the better the music and lyrics.
486;9;Lot's of great songs filled with bluesy riffs and feeling - and the second disc of other band's playing their tracks is a fun time too.
486;10;I'm a huge Mule fan and love this one.
481;1;It's been years since I've felt this good listening to one of Hiatt's CDs...At this stage in life Hiatt writes and plays with a confidence and authority that is earthy and reassuring and carefree - as if he's happy just to be doing it, and doesn't really care what we think.
481;2;He is truly one of America's top contemporary song writers .
481;3;Good music, never get old
481;4;He is truly one of America's top contemporary song writers .
481;5;He is truly one of America's top contemporary song writers .
481;6;He is truly one of America's top contemporary song writers .
481;7;Was in car when I heard "Old People" --- just leaving a grocery store in a senior community... my elderly sister and I laughed hysterically at it!
481;8;The fact that's he's 61 lets him get away with the lyrics here which just have to be heard to enjoy them fully...Overall this is an excellent album from an artist that if you're not familiar with him you should get caught up in a hurry.
481;9;He is truly one of America's top contemporary song writers .
481;10;John Hitt man of MAGIC what can I say huge fan so loved this and has DVD
480;1;this is a awesome soundtrack this soundtrack is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
480;2;So glad I bought this CD - it's a life saver.
480;3;It will be good for her when she's in the car for a long trip
480;4;So glad I bought this CD - it's a life saver.
480;5;So glad I bought this CD - it's a life saver.
480;6;We play this daily in our home and love the music.
480;7;It will be good for her when she's in the car for a long trip
480;8;The CD insert has all of the lyrics included as well.
480;9;this is a awesome soundtrack this soundtrack is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
480;10;Kid loves it, she sings for hours to it.
483;1;"Get Yer Ya Ya's out" was a pretty good collection of a 1969 Stones concert, but the bootleg "Live'r Than you'll ever be" truly captured the rough performance of the Stones at the time...Following their masterpiece "Exile on Main Street", the Stones embarked on a fantastic US-Tour.
483;2;To conclude: maybe this record is not the newest suggestion in R'N'R landscape, but it is certainly a genuine and powerful evidence, with all the best R'N'R' flavours.
483;3;The excellent "Philadelphia Special" bootleg is a good substitute for anybody, who didn't get to see the Stones back then.
483;4;To conclude: maybe this record is not the newest suggestion in R'N'R landscape, but it is certainly a genuine and powerful evidence, with all the best R'N'R' flavours.
483;5;Yes, you are reading this right...While most Rolling Stones may consider it blasphemous to name anything other than 1969's classic "Get Yer Ya-Ya's Out" as the band's definitive concert recording, this hardcore fan of TGR&RBITW honestly believes that they have outdone themselves nearly 40 years later with the soundtrack to their magnificent Martin Scorsese directed rockumentary, "Shine A Light."
483;6;3 CDs full of clean, powerful stones material.
483;7;To conclude: maybe this record is not the newest suggestion in R'N'R landscape, but it is certainly a genuine and powerful evidence, with all the best R'N'R' flavours.
483;8;To conclude: maybe this record is not the newest suggestion in R'N'R landscape, but it is certainly a genuine and powerful evidence, with all the best R'N'R' flavours.
483;9;Nonetheless, this is a great amount of fun to listen to!
483;10;I loved this concert and it was unique for the intimacy and quality of energy and crowd interaction.
482;1;I was very happy to hear about Bryan Ferry's return to making his own studio albums with this.
482;2;One of my all time favorite albums.
482;3;it is so hard to find good music.
482;4;One of my all time favorite albums.
482;5;One of my all time favorite albums.
482;6;Soulful, rhythmic, rhythm guitars and clean sharp leads are featured in most songs.
482;7;"Loop De Li",the scratch-almost hip-hop style funk beat of "Driving Me Wild" and "One Night Stand" are all strong funk grooves-driven by creamy rhythm guitar and bass lines blended together into a fine instrumental jam.
482;8;Avonmore reminds me of the two albums Bryan Ferry released during the 1980's, in both terms of musical styles and lyrics.
482;9;His previous solo album "Olympia" took a long time for me to warm up to as it was a furtherance of Ferry's obsession with dance music as art.
482;10;If you love Bryan Ferry you will love this one.
550;1;I don't know if they'll make any more new music, but it's good to have them back together.
550;2;I judge a CD by how many tracks it has that I love to listen to each time they come on.
550;3;I don't know if they'll make any more new music, but it's good to have them back together.
550;4;I judge a CD by how many tracks it has that I love to listen to each time they come on.
550;5;I judge a CD by how many tracks it has that I love to listen to each time they come on.
550;6;They sure keep it So Fresh and So Clean.
550;7;I judge a CD by how many tracks it has that I love to listen to each time they come on.
550;8;To summarize it for real this time, Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik contains the essence of Golden Age hip hop, Dirty South lyrics, and soul-filled music for your trunk.
550;9;"Player's Ball" shows off the P-Funk influence with a great song conjuring up images of old-school singing and creating music for fun, rather than money.
550;10;I judge a CD by how many tracks it has that I love to listen to each time they come on.
551;1;Rihanna really went in on this album, she did a fantastic job, yes it is raunchier, but for some reason it seems like the more raunchier her music gets, it best it sounds.
551;2;"Drunk On Love" - While "Rehab" (from Good Girl Gone Bad) was about a bad addiction to a toxic lover, "Drunk On Love" celebrates the brighter aspects of getting caught up.
551;3;"Drunk On Love" - While "Rehab" (from Good Girl Gone Bad) was about a bad addiction to a toxic lover, "Drunk On Love" celebrates the brighter aspects of getting caught up.
551;4;Overall, this is a pretty solid album and one of the best she's put out in recent years.
551;5;My conclusion is that this album is a masterpiece, all of the songs are great and there are NO fillers, it's just perfect, I mean compared to her early efforts 'Music Of The Sun' and 'A Girl Like Me' (those are full of fillers, read my review on 'A Girl Like Me') this has no fillers and is amazingly awesome and a masterpiece.
551;6;Overall, this is a pretty solid album and one of the best she's put out in recent years.
551;7;Overall, this is a pretty solid album and one of the best she's put out in recent years.
551;8;This is an example of how this album is a combination of 'Rated R' and 'Loud', this has the base of 'Rude Boy' from 'Rated R' and the fun lyrics from 'Loud', it's perfect!
551;9;We all know this one, this was Rihanna's eleventh #1 song on the Billboard Hot 100 and is a very fun song to dance to, Calvin Harris is a genious writer and producer!
551;10;U da one,We All Want Love,Where have you been & We found love are all pretty good songs,rather,less sex talk in those than some other songs also a handful of swearing,so be prepared,if you get and don't like it at first,try listening to it again,sometimes it takes a couple of plays for you to like it or like songs.
548;1;I had this CD, but it's been long lost....I was surfing the web the other day and came upon it again as good meditation music, so I ordered it from amazon....The first time I heard Nakai's music was at the Taos Pueblo and it has lost none of its ability to reach right down into the middle of me and speak to  something very quiet and very still.
548;2;This will stay with you for a while.
548;3;I had this CD, but it's been long lost....I was surfing the web the other day and came upon it again as good meditation music, so I ordered it from amazon....The first time I heard Nakai's music was at the Taos Pueblo and it has lost none of its ability to reach right down into the middle of me and speak to  something very quiet and very still.
548;4;This will stay with you for a while.
548;5;I read one person's post of this song that he played this as his mother was dying and it was a beautiful death.
548;6;I am amazed that right in my own home I can have that spirit.
548;7;This is great for driving, meditation, and music for the day.
548;8;This will stay with you for a while.
548;9;This will stay with you for a while.
548;10;To my surprise I grew to love and cherish this music.
549;1;Be happy that they didn't end it and are still making music.
549;2;Interpol is one of those great bands that will make you remember the good and bad times you had while listening to the album.
549;3;Interpol is one of those great bands that will make you remember the good and bad times you had while listening to the album.
549;4;Be happy that they didn't end it and are still making music.
549;5;It was an absolute pleasure to play this album to death all those years ago...You shouldn't have had to make it to this point in reading to realize you should get this album.
549;6;yes, there's alotta bands out there right now with layered clean guitar tones and reverberated vocals but Interpol is the best.
549;7;Be happy that they didn't end it and are still making music.
549;8;Interpol is one of those great bands that will make you remember the good and bad times you had while listening to the album.
549;9;Slow Hands is a fun rocker with a fiery chorus, and thumping verses.
549;10;I loved Turn on the Bright Lights, but I found it to be somewhat inconsistent.
546;1;But this seller did a good job for me, the product was of good quality and the delivery speed was excellent.
546;2;A gift for my daughter.
546;3;good music to listen too while driving and just relaxing at home, he has a very good voice to listen too
546;4;A gift for my daughter.
546;5;A gift for my daughter.
546;6;good music to listen too while driving and just relaxing at home, he has a very good voice to listen too
546;7;good music to listen too while driving and just relaxing at home, he has a very good voice to listen too
546;8;A gift for my daughter.
546;9;this is a great cd, it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
546;10;my son loved his CD
547;1;It's a good surprise discover a good hard rock played in this years, with a mixture of blues and funk.
547;2;This is a great music association, there might be bad critics but to hear this kind of music nowadays is pretty hard and even more if it's played with heart and soul like BCC does.
547;3;It's a good surprise discover a good hard rock played in this years, with a mixture of blues and funk.
547;4;Magnificent sound, the guitars of Bonammassa are amazing and the voice of Glenn is perfect after all this years.
547;5;Magnificent sound, the guitars of Bonammassa are amazing and the voice of Glenn is perfect after all this years.
547;6;I keep one CD in the car and one in the house.
547;7;I keep one CD in the car and one in the house.
547;8;This is a great music association, there might be bad critics but to hear this kind of music nowadays is pretty hard and even more if it's played with heart and soul like BCC does.
547;9;When this first came out, being a major Bonamassa fan, I picked it up and thought "fun, flashy, nonsense."
547;10;This is a must have CD if you love blues or rock.
544;1;It is an off pleasure to hear her happy.
544;2;The songs are excellent and I feel Beth has overcome something to perform this.
544;3;I sense from this material, Beth has found inner peace and as with all of her music has showed us her courage.
544;4;The songs are excellent and I feel Beth has overcome something to perform this.
544;5;The songs are excellent and I feel Beth has overcome something to perform this.
544;6;But put her on the Mike by herself and she will just kick you windows out of your house or your tent.....She is just a singer that will be a legacy until her last days and then for along time after that........
544;7;The songs are excellent and I feel Beth has overcome something to perform this.
544;8;i love this girl, and this album is full of emotion...so soulful
544;9;There are plenty of good, dancing tunes, I just like her lyrics so much.
544;10;I will always love the blues toned Beth the most, but this album is special in a most personal way.
545;1;It is nice to know that there are some artists out there who know how to sing really good songs that hit the soul.
545;2;Love this and highly recommend it to all
545;3;It is nice to know that there are some artists out there who know how to sing really good songs that hit the soul.
545;4;Love this and highly recommend it to all
545;5;Love this and highly recommend it to all
545;6;Love this and highly recommend it to all
545;7;Ne-Yo helps out as producer and his contribution is really helpful because he manages to add hip-hop to Chrisette's jazzy touches without destroying her special qualities for the sake of a quick ego trip.
545;8;Chrisette's lyrics and her ability to deliver them with total chutzpa and feeling.
545;9;"Playing Our Song" is a really fun song,for some reason it reminds me very much of the song "WOW" by Brandy...don't ask why it just does.
545;10;Love this and highly recommend it to all
558;1;This is a good add on for me.
558;2;The word "mellow" was made for his voice ... soothing yet powerful.
558;3;This is a good add on for me.
558;4;The word "mellow" was made for his voice ... soothing yet powerful.
558;5;The word "mellow" was made for his voice ... soothing yet powerful.
558;6;Brought me back many years & continues making me want to dance, even when cleaning floors!
558;7;These two CDs compliment each other and are probably the only ones you need for your car's CD player and a few hour' drive...Back to Brook Benton ... the CD is worth it, even if it didn't have such a reasonable price.
558;8;The word "mellow" was made for his voice ... soothing yet powerful.
558;9;Brought me back many years & continues making me want to dance, even when cleaning floors!
558;10;If Brook Benton is unknown to you, I suggest you know him...I ordered this from Amazon along with a Clyde McPhatter CD (I love that era of music) and it is great, too (see link).
559;1;A lot of good songs here, some of which didn't get much radio play.
559;2;A rare, flawless album with no bad songs on it..."Gypsy Road" may have been their biggest hit on the charts while "Bad Seamstress Blues/Fallin Apart at the Seams" got all the "Whoa!
559;3;The groove is infectious and it sets the tone perfectly, There's not a bad song to be found, from the Driving rock of 'Gypsy Road',as good a straight up rock song as has even been recorded, to the beautiful elegance of 'Coming Home' to the outstanding closer 'Take me Back', a song not about relationships, but about wanting to go back to the innocence of youth.
559;4;what more can I say Cinderella at their best
559;5;what more can I say Cinderella at their best
559;6;what more can I say Cinderella at their best
559;7;The groove is infectious and it sets the tone perfectly, There's not a bad song to be found, from the Driving rock of 'Gypsy Road',as good a straight up rock song as has even been recorded, to the beautiful elegance of 'Coming Home' to the outstanding closer 'Take me Back', a song not about relationships, but about wanting to go back to the innocence of youth.
559;8;A rare, flawless album with no bad songs on it..."Gypsy Road" may have been their biggest hit on the charts while "Bad Seamstress Blues/Fallin Apart at the Seams" got all the "Whoa!
559;9;what more can I say Cinderella at their best
559;10;attention but I think that the title track is the best of a very good bunch..."The Last Mile" is another can't stop singing the chorus song and "Don't Know What You Got (Till it's Gone), is absolutely iconic as one of the top 10 80's power ballads...The hidden gem on this album is "Fire and Ice" -- a love song rather than a heartbreak song, but with the same driving-me-crazy feel that will be seen later in "Hot and Bothered".
556;1;My friend loves the oldies and so I thought that he would enjoy this and believe me he does!
556;2;"Bad Girl" from 1959 is such a beautiful doo-wop style harmony, and Smokey Robinson's voice has such a passion in it.
556;3;The only choice I even might quibble about is the last track, and even that one is pretty good.
556;4;First of all to do a review on this artist I was lost with words due to this is a legend in music.
556;5;First of all to do a review on this artist I was lost with words due to this is a legend in music.
556;6;First of all to do a review on this artist I was lost with words due to this is a legend in music.
556;7;Smokey Robinson may have needed a little tutoring from Berry Gordy at first, but soon he surpassed everyone as a composer and driving force and creator of the Motown sound.
556;8;Among their American hits to be found on this collection are I second that emotion (later revived by the Supremes and Temptations), Shop around (later revived by Captain and Tennille), Mickey's monkey and You've really got a hold on me.
556;9;"I Like It Like That" (1964) is a slower, yet cool party joint.
556;10;My friend loves the oldies and so I thought that he would enjoy this and believe me he does!
557;1;I am happy with my purchase, and plan to purchase another Rick James cd  or several more in the future, just to have a nice assortment of all his hits, and even some songs that weren't considered a huge commercial success but lovely none the less!
557;2;This is some of the best dance music ever waxed and although his career did not have the longevity everyone expected due to a multitude of personal problems, Rick James for one year, ruled the pop world.
557;3;Rest in peace brother Rick!
557;4;This is some of the best dance music ever waxed and although his career did not have the longevity everyone expected due to a multitude of personal problems, Rick James for one year, ruled the pop world.
557;5;This is some of the best dance music ever waxed and although his career did not have the longevity everyone expected due to a multitude of personal problems, Rick James for one year, ruled the pop world.
557;6;Get down, get funky....Great album to dance or clean house to, lol.
557;7;They do all of the big hits with energy in sweaty, extended sets that drove that California crowd mad.
557;8;the groove works and the lyrics are funny,but effective.
557;9;This is some of the best dance music ever waxed and although his career did not have the longevity everyone expected due to a multitude of personal problems, Rick James for one year, ruled the pop world.
557;10;The late Rick James first love was the fine art of jazz music.
554;1;Very happy with some covers he did that I was not aware of
554;2;Wanted  a greatest hits CD and this was it.
554;3;This is a great assortment of Campbell's songs, well presented at a good price.
554;4;Wanted  a greatest hits CD and this was it.
554;5;Wanted  a greatest hits CD and this was it.
554;6;Wanted  a greatest hits CD and this was it.
554;7;Wanted  a greatest hits CD and this was it.
554;8;Wanted  a greatest hits CD and this was it.
554;9;Great songs fun to listen too
554;10;absolutely love it, and I wasn't really a Glen Campbell fan before I bought it.
555;1;Good one for your collection, Johnny takin' ya' back home.
555;2;Good one for your collection, Johnny takin' ya' back home.
555;3;Good one for your collection, Johnny takin' ya' back home.
555;4;Good one for your collection, Johnny takin' ya' back home.
555;5;Good one for your collection, Johnny takin' ya' back home.
555;6;Good one for your collection, Johnny takin' ya' back home.
555;7;Good one for your collection, Johnny takin' ya' back home.
555;8;Good one for your collection, Johnny takin' ya' back home.
555;9;What you get is a  a fun, soulful production by Paul Nelson, one of Johnny's longtime  cohorts in the Blues .
555;10;Love Johnny, love the CD... but Johnny, where's your brother?
552;1;Very good soundtrack enjoy it very much.
552;2;And I absolutely love Randy Newman's "We Belong Together."
552;3;Not all the tracks are good, but well worth the purchase to have Beyonce.
552;4;And I absolutely love Randy Newman's "We Belong Together."
552;5;And I absolutely love Randy Newman's "We Belong Together."
552;6;And I absolutely love Randy Newman's "We Belong Together."
552;7;And I absolutely love Randy Newman's "We Belong Together."
552;8;And I absolutely love Randy Newman's "We Belong Together."
552;9;This is a good song about friendship.
552;10;And I absolutely love Randy Newman's "We Belong Together."
553;1;Legendary sessions finally available in good quality.
553;2;But I have to say, I'm so pleased and educated out of nowhere to this period.
553;3;Legendary sessions finally available in good quality.
553;4;But I have to say, I'm so pleased and educated out of nowhere to this period.
553;5;But I have to say, I'm so pleased and educated out of nowhere to this period.
553;6;How fascinating that it mostly started and finished in a modest house in West Saugerties, New York called Big Pink.
553;7;But I have to say, I'm so pleased and educated out of nowhere to this period.
553;8;But I have to say, I'm so pleased and educated out of nowhere to this period.
553;9;Compared to this release the previous one seems rather lifeless - this is just great stuff - fun and filled with great great musicianship from The Band.
553;10;First hearing this collection is like hearing him for the first time all over again...and remembering how much I also loved "Music from Big Pink" by The Band.
567;1;A very good balace of different types of production and his flow.
567;2;While the longevity of Kendrick is TBD, this album is definitely a staple in his rap career.
567;3;A very good balace of different types of production and his flow.
567;4;While the longevity of Kendrick is TBD, this album is definitely a staple in his rap career.
567;5;And while listening to it, I like to read the credits and admire the artwork!
567;6;While driving home at night I started to really absorbing the music.
567;7;While driving home at night I started to really absorbing the music.
567;8;At first it took a while for the beat to catch up to the lyrics.
567;9;Life lessons in songs overall pretty fun and funky
567;10;I love everything he has to offer!!
566;1;Anyway, if your new to Nile, or just want to keep filling your collection with best Death metal band out there, pick this cd up...It'll make your head spin... in a good way of course.
566;2;Yes, tis sad but true.
566;3;Anyway, if your new to Nile, or just want to keep filling your collection with best Death metal band out there, pick this cd up...It'll make your head spin... in a good way of course.
566;4;With Karl and Dallas both on vocals, the guttural growls are at their best.
566;5;Also, this CD has some great art-work, and the lyrics are extremely long and pretty interesting for anyone interested in reading them...Overall, as i've said.
566;6;This disc has by far their strongest sound where the production value allows every instrument to stand out and offers the listener a clean, clear and honest yet brutal representation of the band's material.
566;7;Unremittingly brutality and impeccable musicianship, but with varied riff work and some bits of melody here and there, and a genuine sense of drive and energy.
566;8;This cd is absolutley amazing, it's both very intellgent and brutal...Nile obviously has knowledge about their lyrics...The guitar work is sweet and the bassist is amazing.
566;9;With Karl and Dallas both on vocals, the guttural growls are at their best.
566;10;i can see why Nile are loved in the death metal world!
565;1;I enjoyed the album because there were
565;2;It's got something for everyone.
565;3;Despite being on an indie label, there's a good chance that you're going to hear a lot more from her- that is, if this project is any indication.
565;4;It's got something for everyone.
565;5;It's got something for everyone.
565;6;It's got something for everyone.
565;7;I enjoyed listening to this in the car and on my daily walks.
565;8;It's got something for everyone.
565;9;It's got something for everyone.
565;10;I love Sunshine's voice and singing skills.
564;1;If, like me, you prefer good songcraft and a strong sense of musical identity, you'll love it just as much.
564;2;Only one is reminiscent of "Forget You" ("It's Ok," which is also a great tune)
564;3;If, like me, you prefer good songcraft and a strong sense of musical identity, you'll love it just as much.
564;4;Only one is reminiscent of "Forget You" ("It's Ok," which is also a great tune)
564;5;Instead of trying to show off his versatility, he has focused on creating a smooth-flowing pop album...Green's voice has never sounded better, and every line is phrased perfectly.
564;6;Only one is reminiscent of "Forget You" ("It's Ok," which is also a great tune)
564;7;Only one is reminiscent of "Forget You" ("It's Ok," which is also a great tune)
564;8;He stays to the theme of love and ladies and expresses his story of love through various emotions, perspectives, and realizations.
564;9;If you like to dance and sing along, you'll love it.
564;10;If you like to dance and sing along, you'll love it.
563;1;Another fantastic song, and one of my favorites here.
563;2;While we're forced to listen to some bad music this year, it's great to see a band still around with balls.
563;3;After a very good platinum album entitled Wonder What's Next, Chevelle continues their good streak with This Type of Thinking Could Do Us In.
563;4;The band's songwriting and musicianship on here is very rich, strong, tight, and talented, and the album's overall production which is handled by Michael "Elvis" Baskette not to also mention is just perfect and crystal clear sounding as well.
563;5;focused on heavy intros, nu metal edge and brooding angst, "TKOTCDUI" focuses on melody and variety.
563;6;But on this album the lyrics are very good, thought provoking, and will hit closer to home with most people.
563;7;Meanwhile, you've got Pete's brother Sam who drives his way throughout with his awesome, hard-hitting drum work and yes, he also does tend to showcase some Danny Carey influence in his drumming techniques too, and of course the third brother Joe also shows his talents on the bass as he delivers great driving, grumbling bass lines that flawlessly round off the band's hard-driving rhythm section.
563;8;This CD has improved vocals, improved lyrics, melody, catchy hooks and honest emotions, and with all of these things Chevelle is evolving into a great band.
563;9;The band's songwriting and musicianship on here is very rich, strong, tight, and talented, and the album's overall production which is handled by Michael "Elvis" Baskette not to also mention is just perfect and crystal clear sounding as well.
563;10;Love their approach to music and their steadfast belief in putting out quality albums time and time again.
562;1;Good times and Good music.
562;2;Of course, everybody knows Cameo for its breakthrough hit "Word Up," but fans of the old school will remember this group for its earlier, more soulful hits like "She's Strange" and "Aligator Woman."
562;3;Good times and Good music.
562;4;Of course, everybody knows Cameo for its breakthrough hit "Word Up," but fans of the old school will remember this group for its earlier, more soulful hits like "She's Strange" and "Aligator Woman."
562;5;Of course, everybody knows Cameo for its breakthrough hit "Word Up," but fans of the old school will remember this group for its earlier, more soulful hits like "She's Strange" and "Aligator Woman."
562;6;there was nothing like the late 70s early 80s funk bands the music was clean and fun.
562;7;Of course, everybody knows Cameo for its breakthrough hit "Word Up," but fans of the old school will remember this group for its earlier, more soulful hits like "She's Strange" and "Aligator Woman."
562;8;Of course, everybody knows Cameo for its breakthrough hit "Word Up," but fans of the old school will remember this group for its earlier, more soulful hits like "She's Strange" and "Aligator Woman."
562;9;there was nothing like the late 70s early 80s funk bands the music was clean and fun.
562;10;Single Life, Flirt,  I Just Want To Be, & Attack Me with Your Love are some of the  highlights.
561;1;"Cadillac" is a fun song and an essential bonus track.
561;2;I must agree with one of the previous reviewers in that this remaster is certainly LOUD.However for this recording i don't think this is a bad thing entirely,this is a cd which sounds good at higher volumes.
561;3;I must agree with one of the previous reviewers in that this remaster is certainly LOUD.However for this recording i don't think this is a bad thing entirely,this is a cd which sounds good at higher volumes.
561;4;"Cadillac" is a fun song and an essential bonus track.
561;5;"Cadillac" is a fun song and an essential bonus track.
561;6;Great packaging, extra tracks and clean remastering make it an essential purchase for T Rex and glam rock fans.
561;7;The excellent producing and hard driving sound makes me wonder how the band managed not to attract the kind of attention Led Zepplin did in the U.S. Bolan's lyrics are strange and effective and have some interesting references hidden away - making the music sound deceptively simple.
561;8;The lyrics are silly, the music is mostly energetic.
561;9;"Cadillac" is a fun song and an essential bonus track.
561;10;Just that I had loved it when I was 13.
560;1;Enjoying listening to this excellent set of live music by ABB.
560;2;If you like "Live At the Fillmore" and "Eat a Peach", you will love this.
560;3;This is a really good recording, very crisp and clear.
560;4;If you like "Live At the Fillmore" and "Eat a Peach", you will love this.
560;5;This set is hot, and very focused.
560;6;Not as clean as others but never-the-less a fun listen for me.
560;7;If you like "Live At the Fillmore" and "Eat a Peach", you will love this.
560;8;If you like "Live At the Fillmore" and "Eat a Peach", you will love this.
560;9;This is basically the same show as the Fillmore East  recording released all those years ago but with some twists and turns that make it a bit different but fun to listen to if you are fan.
560;10;For the sake of full disclosure, I will say that I have loved this music since I saw the Allman Bros. just a couple of months before this was recorded.
575;1;If all country music was this good, I would never enjoy other genres.
575;2;He still sings like he always has, sweet, relaxing and with true country roots.
575;3;Very good cd with the guest stars and Don by himself.
575;4;He still sings like he always has, sweet, relaxing and with true country roots.
575;5;He still sings like he always has, sweet, relaxing and with true country roots.
575;6;Good, clean, pure country music.
575;7;He still sings like he always has, sweet, relaxing and with true country roots.
575;8;Sadly, country radio is so obsessed with the latest flavors of the month, it will take word of mouth from his fans to spread the word..."Better than Today" opens with some nice throaty baritone guitar and with its upbeat lyrics "high hopes tomorrow will be better than today" sets the tone for a most satisfying album.
575;9;He still sings like he always has, sweet, relaxing and with true country roots.
575;10;Loved your music since I was a kid!
574;1;When listening to the tracks, it is fun trying to figure the style and who wrote each song...All 3 performers are excellent, as well as the backup performers.
574;2;It has a nice flow to it and it is great to listen to while chilling with friends or your special someone.
574;3;It is a very good party album so up beat and good dancing music.
574;4;It has a nice flow to it and it is great to listen to while chilling with friends or your special someone.
574;5;It has a nice flow to it and it is great to listen to while chilling with friends or your special someone.
574;6;It has a nice flow to it and it is great to listen to while chilling with friends or your special someone.
574;7;It has a nice flow to it and it is great to listen to while chilling with friends or your special someone.
574;8;It has a nice flow to it and it is great to listen to while chilling with friends or your special someone.
574;9;When listening to the tracks, it is fun trying to figure the style and who wrote each song...All 3 performers are excellent, as well as the backup performers.
574;10;love anything by this guy.........
573;1;It's raw but fantastic, enjoy!
573;2;There is blood, sweat, tears, and beers in each track.
573;3;The album, in a few brief songs, manages to catch every mood the Foo Fighters are so good at conveying while being just the right length to keep things interesting.
573;4;There is blood, sweat, tears, and beers in each track.
573;5;There is blood, sweat, tears, and beers in each track.
573;6;There is blood, sweat, tears, and beers in each track.
573;7;There is blood, sweat, tears, and beers in each track.
573;8;There is blood, sweat, tears, and beers in each track.
573;9;This is a fun EP
573;10;A true effort of love.
572;1;Hardcastle 5 is as good as the the rest of his collection.
572;2;Very smooth, now this is real smooth jazz.
572;3;"Hardcastle 5" is just like it's predecessors, smooth, relaxing, calm, and still unique in it's own way.
572;4;Very smooth, now this is real smooth jazz.
572;5;Very smooth, now this is real smooth jazz.
572;6;Very smooth, now this is real smooth jazz.
572;7;Very smooth, now this is real smooth jazz.
572;8;Very smooth, now this is real smooth jazz.
572;9;Very smooth, now this is real smooth jazz.
572;10;I love the way it makes me feel...Also, on most of his other CDs, he's had several tracks that I've really liked, some others I thought were nice, and one or two that I thought didn't quite fit the mood.
571;1;I enjoy the the entire CD my favorite is Worth.
571;2;This is a great Album!
571;3;This is music that just makes you feel good.
571;4;This is a great Album!
571;5;This is a great Album!
571;6;This is a great Album!
571;7;Their currently traveling with the "Festival Of Praise" along with Fred Hammond and a host of other gospel artists.
571;8;This is a great Album!
571;9;This is a great Album!
571;10;Love love love this album.
570;1;Jay-Z's contribution is good too.
570;2;It is great
570;3;Jay-Z's contribution is good too.
570;4;It is great
570;5;It is great
570;6;This soundtrack from start to finish is another club banger hit at the box office bought this album a music shop last Saturday took it home listened to it and was happy that I got it.
570;7;It is great
570;8;It has lyrics we all may not like, but overall, it's a great cd for those teens who LOVE Eminem.
570;9;It is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
570;10;It feels like Rabbit is able to release his rage in one verse and Eminem fans will love this song.
569;1;a rare treasure of singering with fine musical backup...realllly good!
569;2;a rare treasure of singering with fine musical backup...realllly good!
569;3;a rare treasure of singering with fine musical backup...realllly good!
569;4;a rare treasure of singering with fine musical backup...realllly good!
569;5;a rare treasure of singering with fine musical backup...realllly good!
569;6;a rare treasure of singering with fine musical backup...realllly good!
569;7;a rare treasure of singering with fine musical backup...realllly good!
569;8;Those are excellent lyrics performed by a fine, if somewhat obscure group.
569;9;a rare treasure of singering with fine musical backup...realllly good!
569;10;I love the music of the 60's.
568;1;Good stuff in an age of electronic noise music.
568;2;Her selection of pleasant songs on this CD is outstanding.
568;3;Good stuff in an age of electronic noise music.
568;4;Her selection of pleasant songs on this CD is outstanding.
568;5;Thankful that I read about her music in a book.
568;6;clean transaction for a great CD
568;7;Her selection of pleasant songs on this CD is outstanding.
568;8;Her ethereal voice and her conveyance of genuine, heartfelt emotion conveyed through her gift was something that few ever come close to achieving.
568;9;Her selection of pleasant songs on this CD is outstanding.
568;10;I love Eva Cassidy's music.
516;1;very happy and will do business again.
516;2;Randy steps out in front for the ballad "Most of Us Are Sad" which is a great song.
516;3;Eagles (self-titled debut):  This one has four great songs, and most of the rest is just good enough to give this album five stars.
516;4;The Eagles will always be one of my all time favorite bands.
516;5;The Eagles will always be one of my all time favorite bands.
516;6;The Eagles will always be one of my all time favorite bands.
516;7;Naturally, three of their big early hits are all on this album: road trip anthem "Take It Easy", the spaghetti-Western "Witchy Woman", and the wonderfully twangy country sound of "Peaceful Easy Feeling".
516;8;Randy steps out in front for the ballad "Most of Us Are Sad" which is a great song.
516;9;The Eagles will always be one of my all time favorite bands.
516;10;Love the music and it never gets old.
517;1;Here is a very good selection of his best songs although I would of enjoyed ``Caught in the middle`` which I believe is one of his most melodic ones.
517;2;Ronnie James Dio has a powerfully soulful voice and a lot of passion.
517;3;this is a great cd, good complication.
517;4;Ronnie James Dio has a powerfully soulful voice and a lot of passion.
517;5;Very informative and interesting read!
517;6;Ronnie James Dio has a powerfully soulful voice and a lot of passion.
517;7;Packed with great tunes to crash your car to while singing falsetto.
517;8;Ronnie James Dio has a powerfully soulful voice and a lot of passion.
517;9;Ronnie James Dio has a powerfully soulful voice and a lot of passion.
517;10;Have loved RJD since Rainbow (bought Rising on 8 track when it came out) and followed Dio for years afterwards.
518;1;Don't hesitate buy and enjoy this cd....I sure do.
518;2;I love sad country songs, especially if they tell a good story without being too sweet.
518;3;Saw him in concert, and it's like some friend, getting down on some music - a good connection CD!
518;4;Jamey Johnson is one of a kind.
518;5;Jamey Johnson is one of a kind.
518;6;Jamey Johnson is one of a kind.
518;7;Jamey Johnson is one of a kind.
518;8;I listen more carefully to lyrics.
518;9;Dark and haunting
518;10;I love sad country songs, especially if they tell a good story without being too sweet.
519;1;I've been seeing a lot of people complaining about this compilation, but I must say that it is very good, it has all great songs and I'm happy with it.
519;2;Brings me back to the good ole 80s!
519;3;Brings me back to the good ole 80s!
519;4;Brings me back to the good ole 80s!
519;5;Brings me back to the good ole 80s!
519;6;Brings me back to the good ole 80s!
519;7;Brings me back to the good ole 80s!
519;8;Brings me back to the good ole 80s!
519;9;Brings me back to the good ole 80s!
519;10;Bought this as a gift and my friend loves it.
512;1;CD sound is excellent,and songs on CD are good!
512;2;If you love them you got to have it.
512;3;CD sound is excellent,and songs on CD are good!
512;4;If you love them you got to have it.
512;5;If you love them you got to have it.
512;6;If you love them you got to have it.
512;7;If you love them you got to have it.
512;8;T' and 'Chase the Ace' both display infectious guitar hooks, and probably would have become two more AC/DC classics if lyrics and had been given to them.
512;9;If you love them you got to have it.
512;10;If you love them you got to have it.
513;1;Musically I'm not sure if it is as good as Years Of Decay, but the melodies in the last two tracks are amazing.
513;2;In my "Soulitude" I was sure it was "A Nice Day...For a Funeral".
513;3;Musically I'm not sure if it is as good as Years Of Decay, but the melodies in the last two tracks are amazing.
513;4;In my "Soulitude" I was sure it was "A Nice Day...For a Funeral".
513;5;In my "Soulitude" I was sure it was "A Nice Day...For a Funeral".
513;6;In my "Soulitude" I was sure it was "A Nice Day...For a Funeral".
513;7;Musically it's even like, dare to say, early Pantera kinda heavy, while the vocals drive the difference they are high pitched, loud and fearless.
513;8;in fact i don't know, but the lineup on HORRORSCOPE create a THRASH MONSTER with incredible vocals by Blitz, enormous thrashy guitar solos and lyrics!!!!
513;9;The tempos are neck breaking, I love the tempo and time signature changes which make this album interesting and fun to listen to.
513;10;if you like the old THRASH style, you will love this HEAVY pearl!!!!!!!!!!!!!
514;1;Be that as it may, "Tooth and Nail" still stands as a damn good album worthy of any well rounded collection.
514;2;best yet bye them have get this you won't be dispoited must have for your metal cd or your life
514;3;Be that as it may, "Tooth and Nail" still stands as a damn good album worthy of any well rounded collection.
514;4;best yet bye them have get this you won't be dispoited must have for your metal cd or your life
514;5;best yet bye them have get this you won't be dispoited must have for your metal cd or your life
514;6;"Alone Again" is an epic power ballad, and one that, with its impressive clean singing and gorgeous acoustic guitar flourishes, would go on to become a #1 hit on radio stations across the country.
514;7;The lyrics are merely updated adolescent ballads (with the exception of "When Heaven Comes Down"), but the riffs and rhythms are driven by an intensity and sincerity that makes "Tooth and Nail" one of my favorite rock albums from the 80's.
514;8;The lyrics are merely updated adolescent ballads (with the exception of "When Heaven Comes Down"), but the riffs and rhythms are driven by an intensity and sincerity that makes "Tooth and Nail" one of my favorite rock albums from the 80's.
514;9;best yet bye them have get this you won't be dispoited must have for your metal cd or your life
514;10;I still love this band.
515;1;The emotion exerted for Robert Smith makes you wonder if he really is happy because you swear he is being tortured in life after all he gives.
515;2;Still love it, and I'm sad I missed them at Coachella.
515;3;I've read that this album has filler, but 10 or 11 tracks are good.
515;4;Robert Smith is a genius and this release is one of The Cure's strongest...it showcases extreme talent and versatility...PS ~ The bonus disc is awesome for hearing a lot of the songs as they were first presented and comparing them to their end results that made it onto the album...a very nice insight.
515;5;I've read that this album has filler, but 10 or 11 tracks are good.
515;6;This set of demos proves quite revealing not just to the creative process behind the pieces but the input of the rest of the band other than Robert Smith-- Smith's home demo of "The Kiss" illustrates this nicely-- it's a synth heavy number that benefitted drastically from Thompson's more aggressive guitar stylings.
515;7;, world music tinged mood pieces ("If Only Tonight We Could Sleep", "Like Cockatoos") and texture driven punk songs ("Icing Sugar") among others.
515;8;The emotion exerted for Robert Smith makes you wonder if he really is happy because you swear he is being tortured in life after all he gives.
515;9;Robert Smith shows he can write a fun dance song with "Why Can't I Be You?"
515;10;Love this album, and never leave it alone because it will surely be gone.
524;1;Hope I was helpful and steered you toward some songs you enjoy.
524;2;Awesome album not a bad song on it I think it's probably their best I would recommend it to anyone please buy this album
524;3;I'm glad to know that they have bands like this with consistently good music.
524;4;They found a way to develop their own sound, and the traditional TFK sound is definitely apparent throughout this whole album...Their songwriting has definitely improved with this release.
524;5;They found a way to develop their own sound, and the traditional TFK sound is definitely apparent throughout this whole album...Their songwriting has definitely improved with this release.
524;6;They found a way to develop their own sound, and the traditional TFK sound is definitely apparent throughout this whole album...Their songwriting has definitely improved with this release.
524;7;This album played through my car speakers for weeks before I was brave enough to take it out.
524;8;Which to me makes it a perfect entry point for anyone looking to get into these great guys' music, lyrics and message...Masquerade will probably always be my favorite Thousand Foot Krutch album for its heavy riffs, song variety and just fantastic choruses and song structures.
524;9;They found a way to develop their own sound, and the traditional TFK sound is definitely apparent throughout this whole album...Their songwriting has definitely improved with this release.
524;10;Awesome album top to bottom, which I love.
525;1;sure, they could've had a few more bells and whistles, but the audio is first-rate, the dvd is fantastic, and listening and watching will take you back to the time when depeche mode were the center of the known universe.
525;2;The masses loved it, so did I.
525;3;that's the thing about a good album.
525;4;The masses loved it, so did I.
525;5;I have this and Violator deluxe edition(read DTS versions) and they are both equally as good.
525;6;But now it's so clean so when you listen to it new sounds come up like if they never have been there before...Such a nice experience.
525;7;The low-key beats driving the songs flow in a perfect tandem with the instruments flowing all around the listener.
525;8;It not only has some thought-provoking lyrics to many of the mood-stirring songs, but it also has some impressive instrumental pieces.
525;9;Now with "Music for the Masses," that sound is  continued through more great songs wrought with sexual undertones, gothic  soundscapes, and blistering dance rhythms that dare the listener to get up  and move in ecstasy.
525;10;Brilliant lyrical motifs that reflect life, love and  friendship coupled with strangely impersonal, yet passionate, synth-noise.
526;1;Other then the downside of some peoples opinion this CD is so good you just want to party it has something for each and every glam metal listener including a fair share of power ballads and power rock music that is vary addicting and great to listen to in my opinion there is nothing bad coming from me on this fantastic album, I love it each and every time I hear it.
526;2;I liked the cd don't treat me bad is my favorite song great cd
526;3;Other then the downside of some peoples opinion this CD is so good you just want to party it has something for each and every glam metal listener including a fair share of power ballads and power rock music that is vary addicting and great to listen to in my opinion there is nothing bad coming from me on this fantastic album, I love it each and every time I hear it.
526;4;Just like vintage wine it gets better with age.
526;5;Just like vintage wine it gets better with age.
526;6;Great CD.Forgot how awesome this album was and still is today.Perfect condition factory wraped cd.I Highly recommend this music to any hard rock/metal fans.every track is relevant no dissapoinments.Burns the house down from start to finish
526;7;Just like vintage wine it gets better with age.
526;8;great lyrics,good vocals,grand solo...perfect song to woo ur girlfriend back-10/10.
526;9;Firehouse a great 80's band in the mould of Bon Jovi with a classic 80's sounding album bringing back memories of fun times and no cares great party music.
526;10;I bought this CD back in the late 80's for "Love of a Lifetime" because at that time my fiance and I considered it "our song".
527;1;Other then the downside of some peoples opinion this CD is so good you just want to party it has something for each and every glam metal listener including a fair share of power ballads and power rock music that is vary addicting and great to listen to in my opinion there is nothing bad coming from me on this fantastic album, I love it each and every time I hear it.
527;2;Other then the downside of some peoples opinion this CD is so good you just want to party it has something for each and every glam metal listener including a fair share of power ballads and power rock music that is vary addicting and great to listen to in my opinion there is nothing bad coming from me on this fantastic album, I love it each and every time I hear it.
527;3;Other then the downside of some peoples opinion this CD is so good you just want to party it has something for each and every glam metal listener including a fair share of power ballads and power rock music that is vary addicting and great to listen to in my opinion there is nothing bad coming from me on this fantastic album, I love it each and every time I hear it.
527;4;The musicians on this  album are superb, especially CJ snare.
527;5;The musicians on this  album are superb, especially CJ snare.
527;6;Great CD.Forgot how awesome this album was and still is today.Perfect condition factory wraped cd.I Highly recommend this music to any hard rock/metal fans.every track is relevant no dissapoinments.Burns the house down from start to finish
527;7;The musicians on this  album are superb, especially CJ snare.
527;8;Other then the downside of some peoples opinion this CD is so good you just want to party it has something for each and every glam metal listener including a fair share of power ballads and power rock music that is vary addicting and great to listen to in my opinion there is nothing bad coming from me on this fantastic album, I love it each and every time I hear it.
527;9;Firehouse a great 80's band in the mould of Bon Jovi with a classic 80's sounding album bringing back memories of fun times and no cares great party music.
527;10;firehouse great band live love all songs on album
520;1;heres a recap.SALESMAN-a really good nesmith opener.SHE HANGS OUT- a fun song with one of Davy Jones best vocals.DOOR INTO SUMMER-a Nesmith vocal and one of the best Monkees songs ever.LOVE IS ONLY SLEEPING-great psychedelic song.CUDDLY TOY-written by Harry Nillson and a fun little number with great harmonies.WORDS- a semi duet with Peter and Mickey and a great Boyce/Hart song.HARD TO BELIEVE-the only song on here that I skip.
520;2;"Cuddly Toy" isn't bad either, its a great tune to bop to, and was written by Harry Nilsson.
520;3;While "Love Is Only Sleeping" seems to capture a hot summer's day- or at least thats what the opening feels like to me.
520;4;Its great to FINALLY hear Peter sing (and actually have it be a serious song unlike Auntie Grizelda.
520;5;LPs, CDs,  and even some cassettes were all good at showcasing info like this in print form ready to read, flip through, and enjoy while listing to the music!
520;6;Its great to FINALLY hear Peter sing (and actually have it be a serious song unlike Auntie Grizelda.
520;7;Some of these songs I hadn't heard in decades, but the words came back as I was driving along and singing along like I used to.
520;8;"Cuddly Toy" isn't bad either, its a great tune to bop to, and was written by Harry Nilsson.
520;9;Even a ditty like Peter Percival Pattersons Pet Pig Porky represents what the Monkees were all about
520;10;I love "DN" because it captures pure psychedlic music, much like "Words" but this is much more trippy.
521;1;We are very happy with our purchase.
521;2;Vince's wonderful tenor voice has the amazing ability to wrench the heart strings, especially with his sad romantic ballads, of  which "Never knew lonely" and "When I call your name" are two of the best.
521;3;I love his voice so smooth of a singer every song I like on this  album I had to buy this album Souvenirs so many good songs.
521;4;The product is high quality and the customer service was as well.
521;5;The product is high quality and the customer service was as well.
521;6;The product is high quality and the customer service was as well.
521;7;Love to listen to this cd in the car as I drive in town or on trips.
521;8;Vince's wonderful tenor voice has the amazing ability to wrench the heart strings, especially with his sad romantic ballads, of  which "Never knew lonely" and "When I call your name" are two of the best.
521;9;The product is high quality and the customer service was as well.
521;10;Vince Gill fans will love it!
522;1;Arrived in good condition, I am happy.
522;2;While that song is a classic for those of us who went cruising in convertibles in the 70s, there are other songs on this CD worthy of notice..."Candy's Going Bad" is an okay song.
522;3;Such a cool, good album.
522;4;And it sounds excellent to my ear, I am 20 and bought this about a year ago at a record sale being way into progressive rock back then (and still) and having heard things here and there about this album, I picked it up when I saw it and have easily played it 20 times on the turntable.
522;5;And it sounds excellent to my ear, I am 20 and bought this about a year ago at a record sale being way into progressive rock back then (and still) and having heard things here and there about this album, I picked it up when I saw it and have easily played it 20 times on the turntable.
522;6;And it sounds excellent to my ear, I am 20 and bought this about a year ago at a record sale being way into progressive rock back then (and still) and having heard things here and there about this album, I picked it up when I saw it and have easily played it 20 times on the turntable.
522;7;The one thing about southern girls is that they are usually very pretty, and the view from the mountain top was spectacular (the girls and the night sky), and the music before it was called classic rock would come roaring in through the backseat of my car radio speakers...This is where I first heard Are You Receiving Me from this album.
522;8;While that song is a classic for those of us who went cruising in convertibles in the 70s, there are other songs on this CD worthy of notice..."Candy's Going Bad" is an okay song.
522;9;Golden Earring once again mixed styles to create a unique combination that is somewhat difficult to describe, but a lot of fun to hear..."Moontan" was originally released in 1973 in an era when rock was unafraid to experiment.
522;10;Radar love is what everyone knows but there are some very deep R & R songs on here.
523;1;'A decade of Steely Dan' was the first compilations designed for CD, and was intended to showcase at least 1 song from each of the band's previous albums...This album provides a good overview of Steely Dan's career, making this disc a very good introduction to the innovative Jazz-Rock group...It is also 'a good to own' CD for any Steely Dan's fan who wants to hear great songs chosen from 8 different albums.
523;2;The sound quality on the older version certainly isn't BAD, so it's a solid bargain if you see it around for a couple bucks somewhere.
523;3;'A decade of Steely Dan' was the first compilations designed for CD, and was intended to showcase at least 1 song from each of the band's previous albums...This album provides a good overview of Steely Dan's career, making this disc a very good introduction to the innovative Jazz-Rock group...It is also 'a good to own' CD for any Steely Dan's fan who wants to hear great songs chosen from 8 different albums.
523;4;With Steely Dan's 1972-1980 output being, in general, so astonishingly consistent and filled with brilliant songs, plus the fact that their biggest hits do tend to rank among their best work, it's pretty hard to screw things up when assembling a Steely Dan greatest hits/ best of.
523;5;With Steely Dan's 1972-1980 output being, in general, so astonishingly consistent and filled with brilliant songs, plus the fact that their biggest hits do tend to rank among their best work, it's pretty hard to screw things up when assembling a Steely Dan greatest hits/ best of.
523;6;With Steely Dan's 1972-1980 output being, in general, so astonishingly consistent and filled with brilliant songs, plus the fact that their biggest hits do tend to rank among their best work, it's pretty hard to screw things up when assembling a Steely Dan greatest hits/ best of.
523;7;With Steely Dan's 1972-1980 output being, in general, so astonishingly consistent and filled with brilliant songs, plus the fact that their biggest hits do tend to rank among their best work, it's pretty hard to screw things up when assembling a Steely Dan greatest hits/ best of.
523;8;There's so much to listen to, it never seems to be get boring: the lyrics are insightful and ironic and the musicians are extremely talented both in backing the vocalists and in their solos.
523;9;I love the old hits and Steely Dan is fun to walk to.
523;10;For those that were in the likes of Outkast, Chicago, Simply Red, Tribe Called Quest, Kanye West, Miles Davis, Barry White, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, Kool and the Gang, Jon B., Alicia Keys, John Coltrane, Ronny Jordan, Norman Brown, Boz Scaggs, The Doobie Brothers and others, you must include this to go into your music collection...Matter of it is I love Steely Dan and I'm a huge fan to them from the beginning.
533;1;He is intelligent, reflective, fun to listen to, and has a good, rhythmic flow.
533;2;To conclude this review, I can enjoy all of the tracks on this classic album.
533;3;"Regulate" is probally considered tha best song off tha CD cuz it got da most attention, but it still has got one of tha tightest beats and with Nate Dogg and warren doin dat tag team rap in it, Damn it sounds good.
533;4;To conclude this review, I can enjoy all of the tracks on this classic album.
533;5;To conclude this review, I can enjoy all of the tracks on this classic album.
533;6;To conclude this review, I can enjoy all of the tracks on this classic album.
533;7;"And ya don't stop" is a nice song to play while driving.
533;8;You May not be stunned by the guys lyrics or flow (this guy is no Big L, lyrically), but you will, or SHOULD be hypnotised by the overwhelming combination of everything - lyrical style, flow, effects, beats, riffs etc. - everything jus fits together perfectly.
533;9;He spends less time cussing, and more time reflecting on life, having fun, and surviving in Long Beach, Ca.
533;10;Last is the lyrically amazing track, "Running With No Breaks", another track I love, and I can enjoy all of the tracks, they are all amazing.
532;1;All the songs on  here are very good.
532;2;"I'm Bad" was also pretty classic, the video especially.
532;3;It Also gives you "I'm Bad" which appears on his second album Bigger and Deffer, and its very very good song its got Hard drums, Hard Bass Line, Cut Creator's Mixing, and LL's Angry rapping skills.
532;4;All the songs on  here are very good.
532;5;All the songs on  here are very good.
532;6;what i love about this greatest hits cd is that it houses the majority of LL's hits all on one cd.
532;7;full of inspiration, drive and fire, the beloved LL headed into the recording studio and bam!
532;8;"I'm Bad" was also pretty classic, the video especially.
532;9;it was only natural and a matter of time that russell and LL were destined to come together and form a life-long friendship based on respect for mutual talent and keeping things real .
532;10;what i love about this greatest hits cd is that it houses the majority of LL's hits all on one cd.
535;1;If you are/were a F.S. Theatre fan, you will enjoy this.
535;2;One of their best albums.
535;3;Always great to relax and listen to.
535;4;One of their best albums.
535;5;First heard it in an English (studying satire) class in 1972 and loved them ever since.
535;6;One of their best albums.
535;7;One of their best albums.
535;8;One of their best albums.
535;9;Impossible to remember all of them, but it is fun trying.
535;10;First heard it in an English (studying satire) class in 1972 and loved them ever since.
534;1;This is one of my favorite albums and I was really looking forward to a good copy.
534;2;This is one of my favorite albums and I was really looking forward to a good copy.
534;3;This is one of my favorite albums and I was really looking forward to a good copy.
534;4;This is one of my favorite albums and I was really looking forward to a good copy.
534;5;This is one of my favorite albums and I was really looking forward to a good copy.
534;6;Needless to say I was highly impressed by the soprano saxophone which makes that track so great...A couple of years later I saw them live back home in London as the warm up act to my favourite band of all time - Santana.
534;7;So needed  it again as Sirius  radio plays consistently in car...came packaged  well and I live it still
534;8;The words and vocals of Maurice White and Philip Bailey are as alive with passionate human emotion as anyone could ask.
534;9;This is one of my favorite albums and I was really looking forward to a good copy.
534;10;All generations love their music.
529;1;all of the others are good in their own part.
529;2;Speaking of Lennon, "Murder" is a tribute to that sad day 12/80...About Face and the first solo record David Gilmour are David's own stellar creations and he proves he can pull it off.
529;3;all of the others are good in their own part.
529;4;all of the others are good in their own part.
529;5;all of the others are good in their own part.
529;6;The sound is clean, fresh and interesting, the melodies are well written and the text do have a meaning.
529;7;all of the others are good in their own part.
529;8;Speaking of Lennon, "Murder" is a tribute to that sad day 12/80...About Face and the first solo record David Gilmour are David's own stellar creations and he proves he can pull it off.
529;9;I am shocked this fantastic album can only be purchased by third party...To me,this is one of my absolute favorite albums...Wasn't it a thrill seeing him on the Live 8 ??????
529;10;It has that 80's synth thing going on a couple of the tracks, but overall, clever and original tunes, very worth while picking up.
528;1;I have listened to it more than a couple times and enjoyed it.
528;2;None are bad, but this one is great.
528;3;I'm not a massive JLL fan but I wanted to own all of his classic hits and I wanted good sound quality.
528;4;Listened and knew it would make a great truck CD.
528;5;Listened and knew it would make a great truck CD.
528;6;Listened and knew it would make a great truck CD.
528;7;I listen to this alot in my car and I enjoy it.
528;8;None are bad, but this one is great.
528;9;Listened and knew it would make a great truck CD.
528;10;Love the music and the time period it was popular.
531;1;Anyone who likes Tammy will certainly enjoy having this selection in their collection.
531;2;It has all of her best songs and they sound great!
531;3;This was always a great one,and she was a very good singer and this CD is a very good one to own.
531;4;It has all of her best songs and they sound great!
531;5;It has all of her best songs and they sound great!
531;6;Love to listen in the car, house anywhere and everywhere.
531;7;Love to listen in the car, house anywhere and everywhere.
531;8;Although it has been over a decade now since this tribute to the First Lady of Country Music's many hits was released, it is still one of the best chronicles of the style, sound and emotion that made Wynette the "queen of heartache" in a country song.
531;9;It has all of her best songs and they sound great!
531;10;I bought this for a friend and she loves it almost as much as I do.
530;1;"Keeping the Faith" is about Joel remaining positive about the future, regardless of how much he enjoyed his good ol' days and the past.
530;2;An Innocent Man is Billy's tribute to a genre of music that he constantly speaks of with affection: the doo-wop and soul music of his youth in New York City.
530;3;"Easy Money" is a good song, but it doesn't  really fit with the album's concept.
530;4;An Innocent Man is Billy's tribute to a genre of music that he constantly speaks of with affection: the doo-wop and soul music of his youth in New York City.
530;5;I am a big Billy Joel fan, so keep that in mind as you read my reviews of his work.
530;6;An Innocent Man is Billy's tribute to a genre of music that he constantly speaks of with affection: the doo-wop and soul music of his youth in New York City.
530;7;An Innocent Man is Billy's tribute to a genre of music that he constantly speaks of with affection: the doo-wop and soul music of his youth in New York City.
530;8;With his soaring vocals on the chorus, to the wonderful lyrics, it's a masterful tune.
530;9;A Platters inspired love song, it's a wonderful, soulful ballad with a chorus lifted from Beethoven and a melody perfect for dancing, even if it's "Only a slow dance."
530;10;The romantic will love 'This Night'.
541;1;This recording drips emotion and passion!!
541;2;Truly powerful, inspiring, moving, and at the end learning to stay and not itch the  pain that needs drowned.
541;3;It's not and that's a good thing.
541;4;The lyrics and subject matter are intense and require a mature approach to telling the story through songs that should NOT be wrapped in the party hardy Crue style.
541;5;This is one amazing CD as Nikki speaks in between a few tracks as he reads from his diary.
541;6;The lyrics and subject matter are intense and require a mature approach to telling the story through songs that should NOT be wrapped in the party hardy Crue style.
541;7;Excellent driving music, And just over all great.
541;8;The lyrics and subject matter are intense and require a mature approach to telling the story through songs that should NOT be wrapped in the party hardy Crue style.
541;9;The lyrics and subject matter are intense and require a mature approach to telling the story through songs that should NOT be wrapped in the party hardy Crue style.
541;10;I love the depth of this music.
540;1;The sound is fantastic and the sequence of the songs seem to make them just that much more enjoyable.i would defiately advise anyone to get this collection.
540;2;Love hearing those great songs.
540;3;they have good taste and awsome songs by comparison to today's music.
540;4;Love hearing those great songs.
540;5;Love hearing those great songs.
540;6;Love hearing those great songs.
540;7;Great collection perfect to listen to while driving.
540;8;Love hearing those great songs.
540;9;Great music, Elvis has his unique special way, made u get up and dance, sit and cry, dream of what cold be and also feel soo in love.
540;10;Love hearing those great songs.
543;1;Always enjoyed the Eagles music.
543;2;So sad this is really the end of the innocence !
543;3;With Reaganomics at their height, Don was probably one of the few people brave enough to claim that all things may look good on the surface, but could cost us dearly in the long run.
543;4;everything is ok, I am fully satisfied, beautiful music, really.
543;5;everything is ok, I am fully satisfied, beautiful music, really.
543;6;"The End of the Innocence" really hit home.
543;7;everything is ok, I am fully satisfied, beautiful music, really.
543;8;With Bruce Hornsby's classy piano sounding like the last, gentle strains of an uneasy age, lead track "The End of the Innocence"  features one of the best lyrics ever written on disillusionment...and hope  in the face of disillusionment.
543;9;everything is ok, I am fully satisfied, beautiful music, really.
543;10;And the rest of the album  holds up:  "The Heart of the Matter" is a quiet, extraordinary  exploration of lost love, moving beyond words
542;1;The first and best single 'Powerless' shows her ability to blend good lyrics, fun music, and sensible chart-minded success together.
542;2;"Build You Up" it's a great sad song.
542;3;Ok I will say (even after listening to "Loose" which is a really good album) that this is her best album.
542;4;The beauty of it is that while the statement 'fresh off the boat' is usually used as an insult she takes the saying back and uses it as a representation of pride, beauty and the idea of being grateful of the opportunities in a new country.
542;5;Then I discovered Madonna's brilliant, underrated masterpiece, American Life, which was a study of the barriers such as materialism and war that separate us from the people we love.
542;6;The beauty of it is that while the statement 'fresh off the boat' is usually used as an insult she takes the saying back and uses it as a representation of pride, beauty and the idea of being grateful of the opportunities in a new country.
542;7;But after I played it a few times and played it in my friend's car one time, I LOVED it.
542;8;Standout lyrics: "It is the passion flowing right on through your veins...And it's the feeling like you're oh so glad you came.
542;9;This song is fun to dance to, great lyrics,definelty an ode to her heritage.
542;10;And later I fell in love with the track which I think is one of the most beautiful songs I've recently heard, "Childhood Dreams".
537;1;This is a good cd for those looking  for a good rockin johnny cd.
537;2;Johnny Winter very nice bit of work from him.
537;3;This is a good cd for those looking  for a good rockin johnny cd.
537;4;Johnny Winter very nice bit of work from him.
537;5;Johnny Winter very nice bit of work from him.
537;6;A great collection of clean crisp Johnny Winters slide guitar work at the top of his game...If your looking to add Winters to your collection this in my opinion is the one to get.
537;7;johnny live is always good ,  very strong blues and hard rock , makes me want to time trip back to the 70s.
537;8;Another great track is the country and westernish "Ain't Nothing to Me": Like most great C&W tunes, it's all in the lyrics.
537;9;This album has a very upbeat good-time, fun feel to it, The performances almost sound live with very little overdubbing and you can hear some in-between song chatter from Johnny.
537;10;Johnny loved the blues with all his heart and that comes through from the music on this lbum.
536;1;This CD is good from the beginning to end.
536;2;An under rated group in their era.
536;3;This CD is good from the beginning to end.
536;4;An under rated group in their era.
536;5;An under rated group in their era.
536;6;An under rated group in their era.
536;7;An under rated group in their era.
536;8;An under rated group in their era.
536;9;Yes I still and always will love the disco era, it is the beat and takes me back to my youth and the fun we use to have.
536;10;You have to really like the 70's songs which of course I do, and I do love this CD.
539;1;Emmylou Harris has worked very hard for a very long time to be able to enjoy the freedom to explore the avenues she has explored on this album.
539;2;She digs up a lot of ghosts here and, of course, a lot of pain is found/created.
539;3;Vocally, Harris is as good as ever.
539;4;The highlight of the disc for me is the outstanding title track.
539;5;The highlight of the disc for me is the outstanding title track.
539;6;The highlight of the disc for me is the outstanding title track.
539;7;But, any artist with the talent and drive that Harris posesses deserves the right to pursue any type of music she wants.
539;8;Here also her music is infused with a deep spirituality finding expression in trenchant poetic lyrics, inspiring melodies and expert instrumentation...The sad but transcendent The Pearl reminded me of Angels of Light's song "The Garden Hides The Jewel" on their&nbsp
539;9;The highlight of the disc for me is the outstanding title track.
539;10;I personally loved it, but I guess it may not be for all tastes.
538;1;I forgot how really good Faith Hill is.
538;2;This is a great collection of Faith's songs.
538;3;I forgot how really good Faith Hill is.
538;4;This is a great collection of Faith's songs.
538;5;This is a great collection of Faith's songs.
538;6;My late foster mother loved country music a lot and played it heavily at home, which was how I first heard of Faith Hill.
538;7;This is a great collection of Faith's songs.
538;8;This is a great collection of Faith's songs.
538;9;RU is fun, and energetic in the same way This Kiss is.
538;10;faith hill is a great country singer i was waiting for all the best songs to come out and i wasn't dissappointed ither love all the songs on it lovely voice  great album for the money!!!
610;1;The soundtrack to the movie Forrest Gump gives us an excellent assortment of American hits that cannot be ignored
610;2;The soundtrack to the movie Forrest Gump gives us an excellent assortment of American hits that cannot be ignored
610;3;The soundtrack to the movie Forrest Gump gives us an excellent assortment of American hits that cannot be ignored
610;4;The soundtrack to the movie Forrest Gump gives us an excellent assortment of American hits that cannot be ignored
610;5;The soundtrack to the movie Forrest Gump gives us an excellent assortment of American hits that cannot be ignored
610;6;The soundtrack to the movie Forrest Gump gives us an excellent assortment of American hits that cannot be ignored
610;7;The soundtrack to the movie Forrest Gump gives us an excellent assortment of American hits that cannot be ignored
610;8;Shannon's got a beautiful voice to go along with the lyrics...15.
610;9;This is a great cd, it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
610;10;But for the rest of us--there isn't one song on this CD that you haven't heard a hundred times--and every one of them will bring back a time, a place, a boyfriend or girlfriend, or a vivid memory.
611;1;It's all in good fun,  and this has been blown way out of proportion.
611;2;In my opinion this is up there with Eminem's best work, and is going to be a classic rap CD considering Em and Royce's skills...Standout tracks: Everything but 'Lighters', I wouldn't have a problem with this song, it just doesn't belong on this album...10/10
611;3;Em and Royce go back and forth on each song exchanging raps, and they do a good job of it, everything seems to go together, they have a chemistry.
611;4;In my opinion this is up there with Eminem's best work, and is going to be a classic rap CD considering Em and Royce's skills...Standout tracks: Everything but 'Lighters', I wouldn't have a problem with this song, it just doesn't belong on this album...10/10
611;5;In my opinion this is up there with Eminem's best work, and is going to be a classic rap CD considering Em and Royce's skills...Standout tracks: Everything but 'Lighters', I wouldn't have a problem with this song, it just doesn't belong on this album...10/10
611;6;thanks again for it i play it everyday i can at work in my car in my house thanks for it
611;7;Echo 5/5  Actually I think this one might be my favorite, very powerful music, and I love to jam this in my car, I love Em and Royce's lyrics, they really kill this track...So, if you were wondering whether Em has lost it or not, or if an EP can be a great album, then this one will put all those doubts to rest, I will be listening to this one for many years to come.
611;8;What I love so much about this CD is that Eminem and Royce sound so intense throughout so it gets your adrenaline pumping but when you actually listen to the lyrics they cover so many topics.
611;9;is a great cd it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
611;10;Eminem is at the top of his game lyrically and flow-wise, so I hope he comes out with a couple more albums where he comes as hard as he did on this CD.
608;1;Another super fun song...Thousand Miles.Another one that just feels good, despite being one of the forlorn tracks...These are just the tracks I can think of mentioning.
608;2;There are clicks of a gun used to add effect to the song and it works.
608;3;There's just so many great tunes here, and the bonus track of the deluxe edition "Love Ballad" is ridiculously good and it's a shame it's not on the standard issue of the album.
608;4;There are clicks of a gun used to add effect to the song and it works.
608;5;There are clicks of a gun used to add effect to the song and it works.
608;6;When he left I got this text 'CD in my car, will bring it back into the house when I get home'.
608;7;When he left I got this text 'CD in my car, will bring it back into the house when I get home'.
608;8;This is a perfect example of a song that sounds happy, but has lyrics that state otherwise.
608;9;An upbeat album that you could party to, dance to, and have a blast.
608;10;Love playing this while walking in the park or working out.
609;1;They are fantastic and I not only love Jennifer Nettles voice, but the music is so catchy and fun and great...Fly Away, Something More, Just Might (Make Me Believe) and Stand Back Up are my favourites, but then they are all good songs and I'm surprised about how much I love this since I'm really mainly into R&B and Hip Hop.
609;2;I played the CD for hours and can truly say that their isn't a bad track on it.
609;3;I played the CD for hours and can truly say that their isn't a bad track on it.
609;4;"Just Might (Make Me Believe)" is an excellent example of this...First single, "Baby Girl" was an instant hit at country radio and its follow-up, "Something More", introduced Sugarland to multi-format success and is a favorite of mine...For fans with a penchant for barn dancing, "Down in Mississippi (Up to No Good)" should sport two-stepping attitudes on the dancefloor...There is no reason that Sugarland should have difficulty in forging a successful career as contemporaries.
609;5;The music is infectious from beginning to end, making this a perfect soundtrack for your next road trip.
609;6;It's a great uptempo about high school sweethearts who pay their way through college, buy "a little white house with a picket fence and cable", become parents and realize that they'll soon have to let their oldest girl go off and live her own life...This is a great record about leaving your small town and seeing the world, and finding out that there IS "something more".
609;7;The music is infectious from beginning to end, making this a perfect soundtrack for your next road trip.
609;8;Great vocals, lyrics and music.
609;9;Instead, it celebrates the common struggles we all share: with lyrical beauty, solid melody and a beat you can dance to.
609;10;"Down In Mississippi" is a fun, bawdy fiddle rocker about a housewife who's fed up with her small town life and messy husband and takes a couple of girlfriends and escapes to a room on the strip and a riverboat casino.
614;1;Sequels can sometimes be a sad realisation that the the original chapter may have taken all the good ideas.....Thankfully, this is not the case here...Alice and Ezrin make a fantastic team, and extremely enjoyable sequels!!
614;2;Sequels can sometimes be a sad realisation that the the original chapter may have taken all the good ideas.....Thankfully, this is not the case here...Alice and Ezrin make a fantastic team, and extremely enjoyable sequels!!
614;3;Think of it like this: If steak has been your favorite food for twenty years, and someone introduced you to something new, and equally delicious, you couldn't say in one day that this new food was now your fave-no matter how good it might be.
614;4;Already listened to it once, on my 2nd spin, great CD.
614;5;Already listened to it once, on my 2nd spin, great CD.
614;6;She's an OK singer, but nothing to write home about.
614;7;The sound is good and the whole thing is a wild trip as you would hope for from alice.
614;8;As always, Alice's lyrics are witty and entertaining, and he has great musicians and guest backing him up.
614;9;This a really FUN album!
614;10;If you are a true Alice fan, you will love this CD.
615;1;Seas of Cheese - A fun, unique intro that gives the listener a good idea of where things are going
615;2;"Those Damned Blue Collared Tweakers" is another catchy one with a great riff.
615;3;I had never heard anything so bizzar and well... so f**kin' good.
615;4;Still a strong song musically.
615;5;Still a strong song musically.
615;6;Still a strong song musically.
615;7;In my opinion  this is Les's masterpiece and he really shines on tracks like Jerry the  Race car Driver and Tommy the cat.
615;8;Sgt. Baker is a wonderful song with some nice stop-time work and clever lyrics.
615;9;To put it simply, if you like to rock out and have fun at the same time, BUY THIS CD!
615;10;I also love the funny characters.
612;1;Just another of Andrea Bocelli's fantastic music!
612;2;Every song is just lovey with his beautiful voice!
612;3;A chance to hear good classical music, which has a tendency to relax you, and make  you feel good.
612;4;Every song is just lovey with his beautiful voice!
612;5;Every song is just lovey with his beautiful voice!
612;6;Every song is just lovey with his beautiful voice!
612;7;Every song is just lovey with his beautiful voice!
612;8;Every song is just lovey with his beautiful voice!
612;9;Every song is just lovey with his beautiful voice!
612;10;I will certainly be listening to this album a lot - I love it already!
613;1;The thing about Nicki is she always brings something new to hip hop, and with Pink Friday that is what you get Nicki at her best....not one filler...every song is on point...Good job Nicki you have stuck your foot in this cd...Excellent!!!!!!!!!!!!
613;2;The songs are infectious and melodic and will literally stay in your head for days, but that isn't a bad thing.
613;3;The thing about Nicki is she always brings something new to hip hop, and with Pink Friday that is what you get Nicki at her best....not one filler...every song is on point...Good job Nicki you have stuck your foot in this cd...Excellent!!!!!!!!!!!!
613;4;Niki can hang with the hip hop heavy wights on all her features and now proves she can do the same on her own as a solo artist.
613;5;Niki can hang with the hip hop heavy wights on all her features and now proves she can do the same on her own as a solo artist.
613;6;I love this album as  I have been listening to it on her facebook page and since It came to my house today.
613;7;Niki can hang with the hip hop heavy wights on all her features and now proves she can do the same on her own as a solo artist.
613;8;Niki's flow and lyrics are just amazing.
613;9;This album is so much fun to listen to.
613;10;I love everything about it including "Roman's Revenge" and "I'm The Best".
618;1;This is great, fun stuff.
618;2;but hearing this CD, I realise that this band captures the feel of the 80's to me.
618;3;I mean, "Goodnight Song" is just beautiful
618;4;but hearing this CD, I realise that this band captures the feel of the 80's to me.
618;5;The writing is like reading good poetry and art all at once.
618;6;I have pretty good speakers in the house and car and found the sound to be fine.
618;7;I have pretty good speakers in the house and car and found the sound to be fine.
618;8;These songs are just infectiously catchy and creative - the lyrics and Rolan Orzabal's vocals are also top-notch.
618;9;This is great, fun stuff.
618;10;A couple nights ago, I stayed up all night, and listened to this around 4 or 5am, and it was amazing
619;1;Ever since I heard "Pride, in the Name of Love" on the radio in the 80's I have enjoyed the passion with which U2 makes music and performs live in concert.
619;2;I have enjoyed U2 and their work for years
619;3;This is essential album for the younger generation of listeners, nostalgia for the generation that grew up with U2 and perhaps a reminder to record companies on the qualities of good popular music when the graphs are showing downtrends.
619;4;All four members of U2 are very unique in their style, sounds, and personality which makes for arguably the best rock band of all time.
619;5;This is one of those collections that I bring with me on every road trip...This contains all the hits from the definitive album "<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Joshua-Tree/dp/B000WS4PCO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Joshua Tree</a>" and focuses heavy on the more popular albums.
619;6;All four members of U2 are very unique in their style, sounds, and personality which makes for arguably the best rock band of all time.
619;7;This is one of those collections that I bring with me on every road trip...This contains all the hits from the definitive album "<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Joshua-Tree/dp/B000WS4PCO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Joshua Tree</a>" and focuses heavy on the more popular albums.
619;8;U2 has a profound depth in their music and lyrics and I think bands like Coldplay and Switchfoot  come close to their depth, passion and energy in our own time.
619;9;I Will follow you on whatever journey you want to take us to and enjoy the ride and feel fulfilled...I hope you can forgive me U2 for not getting to the party sooner but I am here front and center now...Thank you.
619;10;"Beautiful Day", "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For", "Where The Streets Have No Name", "Stuck In A Moment That You Can't Get Out Of", "With Or Without You", "Pride (In The Name Of Love)", "One", "Sometimes You Can't Make It On Your Own", "The Saints Are Coming", "Sweetest Thing" and even "Sunday Bloody Sunday" get these kids to think about more than violence, sex and money.
616;1;Animosity is a very good CD and will be enjoyed by rap-metal heads, nu-metal heads and metal-heads who just like good soulful metal.
616;2;This song is sad, but positive becuase it gives the message of heaven.
616;3;Every song on here is good.
616;4;This is one of those cd's you can listen to the whole way through without skipping any tracks.
616;5;"Follow" has some backing vocals from Aaron Lewis of staind, who I read is a good friend of the band.
616;6;This album is probably Sevendust's best, simply because Lajon uses much more of his exceptional clean vocals and the melodies are very well written.
616;7;This is one of those cd's you can listen to the whole way through without skipping any tracks.
616;8;Great control, they really sing with emotion.
616;9;This is one of those cd's you can listen to the whole way through without skipping any tracks.
616;10;It has everything I love about Sevendust and even more packed in a creepy cover.
617;1;The performance was very good and I immediately went to Amazon to listen to the clips.
617;2;The lead singer is Hannah Reid and she's just amazing.
617;3;The performance was very good and I immediately went to Amazon to listen to the clips.
617;4;The lead singer is Hannah Reid and she's just amazing.
617;5;The lead singer is Hannah Reid and she's just amazing.
617;6;It's moody at times but it's sparse and well recorded so it sounds excellent when played loud on a quality home audio system.
617;7;"If You Wait" has the ambient production values, the ethereal moodiness and the minimalist approach of classic trip hop with it's own unique stamp of of lead singer Hannah Reid's brooding, plaintive vocals.
617;8;The emotion is clearly heartfelt and the effect very powerful.
617;9;The lead singer is Hannah Reid and she's just amazing.
617;10;It was worth it, I love listening to it, & it's been a while since l was really excited about a CD.
622;1;A sudden loss of a great guitarist, his last concert is a good disc.
622;2;I highly recommend, an excellent (if not bluesy sad every now and then with thoughts of losing him too young) high from some raw playing from a man I grew up on and still appreciate many times vicariously thru cds, records, and Woodstock dvd.
622;3;A sudden loss of a great guitarist, his last concert is a good disc.
622;4;A sudden loss of a great guitarist, his last concert is a good disc.
622;5;A sudden loss of a great guitarist, his last concert is a good disc.
622;6;The sublime, wonderful guitar and vocals of the amazing Alvin Lee, Mr. Ten Years After, the originator of "I'm goin home", one of the anthems that came from Woodstock, Alvin's last live performance before he left this world.
622;7;I bought this cd  1year ago and it's still in my car cd player.
622;8;I highly recommend, an excellent (if not bluesy sad every now and then with thoughts of losing him too young) high from some raw playing from a man I grew up on and still appreciate many times vicariously thru cds, records, and Woodstock dvd.
622;9;And, that, is the essence of this live recording - three musicians getting together, having fun & that fun translates and emotionally touches from a September day in Raatle, Holland into this recording and finally,  to us - his fans.
622;10;If you like even just a couple of his songs, get this, you will love most of it, maybe all.
623;1;This is a very good compilation of Mr. Gaye's illustrious career.
623;2;"Sad Tomorrows" with its different feel of a bluesy and classical feel and with that soul is different from the album version (Flying High) from What's Going On and it's also breathtaking that you have to play it over and over.
623;3;This is a very good compilation of Mr. Gaye's illustrious career.
623;4;Marvin Gaye was arguably the most influential rhythm and blues artist of his generation and this moderately priced 29 track double C.D. is the best retrospective of Gaye's work.
623;5;And this coheres seamlessly - showing a natural progression of his growth...The first CD focuses on the Berry Gordy formula of songs on the personal side.
623;6;a lifetime later,met my wonderful friend Joe Hunter on nursing home gig ...he smiled and  said carry on!
623;7;Marvin Gaye was arguably the most influential rhythm and blues artist of his generation and this moderately priced 29 track double C.D. is the best retrospective of Gaye's work.
623;8;I want to know just what he is saying...I loved all of the tracks, including the one with Diana Ross, My Mistake...If you value great music, lyrics and music, Marvin is for you.
623;9;"I Want You" and "After the Dance" are classics and of course "Got to Give It Up" is a blue-light in the basement party anthem that is still hot even after all these years.
623;10;I want to know just what he is saying...I loved all of the tracks, including the one with Diana Ross, My Mistake...If you value great music, lyrics and music, Marvin is for you.
620;1;The lyrics are very good and yet have a fun happy feeling to them too.
620;2;The album has its sad ballads of loss, of love, of alcohol (good and bad songs), fun songs, and those songs with guitar and twange.
620;3;The album has its sad ballads of loss, of love, of alcohol (good and bad songs), fun songs, and those songs with guitar and twange.
620;4;He is so versatile - "Alcohol", "You Need a Man Around Here" and "I'll Take You Back" are all really clever lyric-wise and "She's Everything" is touching.
620;5;He is so versatile - "Alcohol", "You Need a Man Around Here" and "I'll Take You Back" are all really clever lyric-wise and "She's Everything" is touching.
620;6;He shows how much some men will put up with (Waitin' on a woman) but pokes fun at a woman with a house where obviously no man has been (You need a man around the house), vividly contrasting male and female attitudes to some aspects of life...Brad sings of life as a professional singer (Easy money), explaining how hard life was before music brought him success.
620;7;"Out in the Parkin' Lot" features Alan Jackson and is a great "road trip" song for any long drive...it's a good song and adds a different flare to the album..."Rainin' on You" is probably the most beautiful song on the whole album.
620;8;The album has its sad ballads of loss, of love, of alcohol (good and bad songs), fun songs, and those songs with guitar and twange.
620;9;"Easy Money" is an upbeat, party dance song, about a band whose members used to have modest-paying, ordinary jobs, but now they are raking in the money by playing music shows at clubs.
620;10;A fine mixture of love ballads, honkytonk and country humor, this one is a must buy for any true country fan.
621;1;With longer songs (in the 5-to-6-minute bracket) intertwined around short ones (no more than 2 minutes at a time), the album gradually melts in your mouth, while you enjoy some good company and let the lights of your day be slowly dimmed.
621;2;But the track that stands out the most is the achingly beautiful "Turquoise Hexagon Sun," with its crystalline melody and melancholy glow.
621;3;Great for reading or just relaxing and easing the tension from your day.
621;4;But the track that stands out the most is the achingly beautiful "Turquoise Hexagon Sun," with its crystalline melody and melancholy glow.
621;5;Great for reading or just relaxing and easing the tension from your day.
621;6;It is clear, wide open, fresh, clean in a way you can't compare to.
621;7;, Eno...what Boards of Canada have done is take all these elements and fine-tune them into their own distinctive sound that is simply a trip in outer space.
621;8;By far the most humbly beautiful electronic song I have ever heard, "roygbiv" has more feeling than most songs with lyrics.
621;9;"Open the Light" sounds like a realization a new way...Don't be fooled by "Roygbiv" although it begins with a heavy sound it becomes fun and easy going.
621;10;The deceptively simple melodies add a fascinating, modal quality, and the various interludes between the longer tracks help to keep the mood light, from the proclamations of love on "The Color Of The Fire" to the factory-inspired chug of "Triangles & Rhombuses."
627;1;Good songs, well sung, nicely produced.
627;2;Good songs, well sung, nicely produced.
627;3;Good songs, well sung, nicely produced.
627;4;Good songs, well sung, nicely produced.
627;5;Good songs, well sung, nicely produced.
627;6;Good songs, well sung, nicely produced.
627;7;Good songs, well sung, nicely produced.
627;8;He put his soul into this album and you feel him with every lyric
627;9;All his songs are so much fun to listen too.
627;10;Loved him on American Idol and love this MP3.
626;1;This version has three "extra" tracks, and I'm happy to say that they're excellent and well worth the price of the disc, even if you own a copy of the original CD.
626;2;With a simple line-up that includes a guitar, bass and flute/sax player, Mayall plays one great song after another.
626;3;Johnny Almond's work on tenor and alto sax is especially good.
626;4;With a simple line-up that includes a guitar, bass and flute/sax player, Mayall plays one great song after another.
626;5;Read the other 5-start reviews, they're all correct, this is unique stuff.
626;6;The result is soothing, inovative and lively, just what I need to calm my nerves on my way home from work.
626;7;Structured to allow virtuoso playing, his highly atmospheric songs are driven along by the bass and acoustic guitars, with instrumental solos emerging from and gliding above their intricate backing rhythms.
626;8;With a simple line-up that includes a guitar, bass and flute/sax player, Mayall plays one great song after another.
626;9;Her apartment was the place to party and crash, and above all listen to those forbidden albums you could never hear at home.
626;10;But as much as i loved this Album back then, hearing it alone is not the same.
625;1;Very fun to listen to.
625;2;The lyrics are always very well written and sometimes pretty quotable (they're definitely worth anazlying).
625;3;I really like a lot of diversity that sounds good and blends well as a whole.
625;4;The lyrics are always very well written and sometimes pretty quotable (they're definitely worth anazlying).
625;5;The lyrics are always very well written and sometimes pretty quotable (they're definitely worth anazlying).
625;6;Let's Build A Home is very cool, sort of punk-blues.
625;7;The lyrics are always very well written and sometimes pretty quotable (they're definitely worth anazlying).
625;8;The lyrics are always very well written and sometimes pretty quotable (they're definitely worth anazlying).
625;9;Very fun to listen to.
625;10;Any White Stripes fan should love it to death, but I would also recommend De Stijl to any rock fan.
624;1;Sound quality is pretty good (especially when you compare it to some of Darkthrone's releases) Worth it just for the song Da Mysteriis Dom Sathanas.
624;2;The recording, if a tad overbright in the guitar department, is flawless.
624;3;Sound quality is pretty good (especially when you compare it to some of Darkthrone's releases) Worth it just for the song Da Mysteriis Dom Sathanas.
624;4;The recording, if a tad overbright in the guitar department, is flawless.
624;5;The recording, if a tad overbright in the guitar department, is flawless.
624;6;Consider, for example, the cool, spacey, echoing clean backing vocal refrain in the choruses, for instance.
624;7;It's pretty simple musically, yet effective in creating an atmosphere...No keyboards or ambience, just a driving nihilistic rhythm that engulfs everything in obscurity and fog.
624;8;the best thing mayhem ever produced, this album was actually delayed for 4 years because the vocalist committed suicide and the bassist was in jail for murdering the guitarist, the lyrics are at their best and the cover art is amazing.
624;9;The recording, if a tad overbright in the guitar department, is flawless.
624;10;While I love all of Mayhem's work,  "De Mysteriis Dom Sathanus" is  definitely their most famous studio offering.
631;1;Buy it, listen to it, and enjoy it.
631;2;It comes in a nicely done digipak that imcludes tons of art and a Remission sticker.
631;3;March Of The Fire Ants sets the done with it's crushingly good introduction and rips it like a swarm of fire.
631;4;It comes in a nicely done digipak that imcludes tons of art and a Remission sticker.
631;5;he's so technical and quick that a lot of the time your so focused on listening to the drums that you miss the rest of the cd, its that good.
631;6;"Trainwreck" and "Trilobite" follow suit, and Trainwreck even has a quiet, gasping clean voice in it that sounds very sincere.
631;7;It comes in a nicely done digipak that imcludes tons of art and a Remission sticker.
631;8;Made up of former Today Is the Day/Lethargy members, Mastodon takes the best elements of those groups but adds more depth and emotion to the songs.
631;9;Some might say he's too busy and overbearing, but he's just to damn fun to listen to, and most of the energy in the album comes from his performance.
631;10;If you like those songs, you'll love this album.
630;1;As for enjoying their music from a non-critical level, Busted Stuff is DEFINATELY A GOOD ALBUM.Each track is cleverly crafted, with more of a Goo Goo Dolls type of rock than their popish Everyday or any of their folk/jazz albums before.
630;2;This album is probably their best, from the first song to the last song...there really isn't a bad song on here.
630;3;The original incarnations of the songs were good enough in their own right, but these are simply excellent.
630;4;I bought two copies today, and am extremely satisfied.
630;5;While "Lillywhite" showed Dave showing his soul, this album shows Dave and the band as focused as ever, and does it ever work.
630;6;And the messes you make...you have to clean up yourself.
630;7;The car backs over you.
630;8;It has a perfect, upbeat sound, with lyrics that are packed with emotion.
630;9;Busted Stuff - Slow jazzy song, but still has a bit of a fun feel to it.
630;10;If you liked The Lillywhite Sessions, you'll love the eleven tracks on Busted Stuff.
629;1;Every composition is a killer, actually this sounds like a compilation of the best of Wayne Shorter, it is that good.
629;2;One of the best Blue Note sessions of all time.
629;3;Every composition is a killer, actually this sounds like a compilation of the best of Wayne Shorter, it is that good.
629;4;Elvin Jones on drums is a welcome addition to any lineup, needless to say.
629;5;Shorter focuses more in the melody but always taking many risks with tonality.
629;6;Elvin Jones on drums is a welcome addition to any lineup, needless to say.
629;7;Elvin Jones on drums is a welcome addition to any lineup, needless to say.
629;8;Perhaps Shorter had been prevented from reaching his full potential as a composer when he had to write tunes to satisfy someone other than himself...Every tune on "Speak No Evil" is musically interesting and communicates deep-felt emotion
629;9;Elvin Jones on drums is a welcome addition to any lineup, needless to say.
629;10;this belongs right up there with 'kind of blue'
628;1;Klaus Meine's vocals flow out and grab you and lets you feel the emotion.
628;2;I told a friend of mine about the song (He had just moved back from Germany) and he said that the Scorpions rock and he had been listening to them in Germany for years.
628;3;Remaster is good, bonus & demo tracks are great and the interviews and album stories are extra cool...I wish there 10 stars.
628;4;I told a friend of mine about the song (He had just moved back from Germany) and he said that the Scorpions rock and he had been listening to them in Germany for years.
628;5;I told a friend of mine about the song (He had just moved back from Germany) and he said that the Scorpions rock and he had been listening to them in Germany for years.
628;6;For those of you that appreciate a clean, punchy Mix as I do, the record sounds great with all the instruments balanced perfectly with no trace of muddiness in evidence - even more impressive considering the heavy Bass mix and energetic Kick-Drum from Herman!
628;7;I told a friend of mine about the song (He had just moved back from Germany) and he said that the Scorpions rock and he had been listening to them in Germany for years.
628;8;Klaus Meine's vocals flow out and grab you and lets you feel the emotion.
628;9;This is a great cd to grab
628;10;A song of longing and love with a fine string section accompianing Klaus.
635;1;Even the breakup songs leave you in a good mood.
635;2;Run It- beat is off the hook.Yo- very nice.Gimme That- one of the best songs, love the beat and the lyrics.Ya Man Ain't Me- loved the overall sound, off the hook.Winner- nice.Just Fine- very nice song and lyrics.Say Goodbye-also one of the best songs, loved the overall sound to it.I really don't know why some people are giving him negative reviews.
635;3;This song shows off chris's vocals and also is a slow song just to relax to, it is very good and the Video for it is just as good as run it, he dances throughout the entire thing.
635;4;It's also very real and catchy just like his other songs.
635;5;It's also very real and catchy just like his other songs.
635;6;It's also very real and catchy just like his other songs.
635;7;It's also very real and catchy just like his other songs.
635;8;This cd is soo good , i just love chris brown's style , he doesn't go ova board with his lyrics , and he appreciate that he's young , and he loves god .
635;9;The song is just a sweet song that brings back memories of going to the skating rink and stuff, or some type of teen dance party, lol.
635;10;I love this CD thank you glad to doing business with you.
634;1;I enjoy the fun, more upbeat songs like "You Ain't Woman Enough" and "Thanks A Lot" and I also love "I Still Miss Someone", which she does with Dolly Parton.
634;2;Martina's voice conveys a sad but romantic sentiment on this song, and I loved it.
634;3;All of these songs were huge hits in their day so the music is good.
634;4;She has done a top job in re-making, and even giving new feeling into some of these songs.
634;5;Twenty years into her career, she severed ties with the long time label and management that brought her superstar status and with which she has garnered multiple awards and 24 Top 10 singles...In many ways, she is a study in contradiction.
634;6;By the way, the sound is clean, spacious and excellent.
634;7;And I still keep it in my car and listen to it frequently.
634;8;She takes us back to an era when Country Music had melody, and stories to tell, and was sung with feeling, emotion and passion.
634;9;I enjoy the fun, more upbeat songs like "You Ain't Woman Enough" and "Thanks A Lot" and I also love "I Still Miss Someone", which she does with Dolly Parton.
634;10;Martina's voice conveys a sad but romantic sentiment on this song, and I loved it.
633;1;In short, Clarity is a fantastic album for all to enjoy.
633;2;.6 is a great song.
633;3;Good bass line if you listen closely.
633;4;.6 is a great song.
633;5;Judging from the other reviews that I've read I'm guessing that a lot of people really like this album.
633;6;.6 is a great song.
633;7;The music just aids the lyrics so well, drives them straight to your heart and buries them deep...1.
633;8;The verse is wonderful, and the lyrics are truely inspiring.
633;9;Songs such as "Lucky Denver Mint" and  "Blister" are catchy and fun to sing along to, but it's songs  like "Just Watch The Fireworks" that FORCE you to close your eyes  and delve deep into the music.
633;10;Get this cd if you want a truely captivating experience of love, rejection, and everything.
632;1;It's dark, clear and so full of apparently real emotions which lifts him up far above the level of the average good singer.
632;2;This track has a reggae-esque beat & while it's not a bad song, it does seem a little out of place within what I consider a seamlessly soulful set...I can't recommend this album enough - it's what good contemporary soul music should sound like!
632;3;This track has a reggae-esque beat & while it's not a bad song, it does seem a little out of place within what I consider a seamlessly soulful set...I can't recommend this album enough - it's what good contemporary soul music should sound like!
632;4;Anthony Hamilton will be here making music for a long while and you should appreciate his talent while he's still here making great music.
632;5;This is very worthy of an R&B Grammy, easily...And Mr. Hamilton if you ever read this review.
632;6;Listened to the whole thing on my way home, then got home, laid out on my floor right by my speakers and let my body absorb the beautiful soul of this music!
632;7;This has been playing in my car and my iPod since I purchased it and I can see that it will be one of my favorites.
632;8;With this soulful masterpiece, Hamilton evokes what everyone loves about soul including the soulful drum grooves and the raw emotion of the lyrics.
632;9;Anthony Hamilton will be here making music for a long while and you should appreciate his talent while he's still here making great music.
632;10;He epitomizes what a soul singer should sound like and what a soul album should sound like
639;1;Every track is soo damn good.
639;2;Then you have It's a Man's, Man's, Man's World - a classic James Brown song that has been covered many times before, yet Gerald is able to create an interesting spin that you wouldn't necessarily expect.
639;3;Every track is soo damn good.
639;4;Then you have It's a Man's, Man's, Man's World - a classic James Brown song that has been covered many times before, yet Gerald is able to create an interesting spin that you wouldn't necessarily expect.
639;5;Then you have It's a Man's, Man's, Man's World - a classic James Brown song that has been covered many times before, yet Gerald is able to create an interesting spin that you wouldn't necessarily expect.
639;6;Then you have It's a Man's, Man's, Man's World - a classic James Brown song that has been covered many times before, yet Gerald is able to create an interesting spin that you wouldn't necessarily expect.
639;7;Then you have It's a Man's, Man's, Man's World - a classic James Brown song that has been covered many times before, yet Gerald is able to create an interesting spin that you wouldn't necessarily expect.
639;8;Then you have It's a Man's, Man's, Man's World - a classic James Brown song that has been covered many times before, yet Gerald is able to create an interesting spin that you wouldn't necessarily expect.
639;9;Then you have It's a Man's, Man's, Man's World - a classic James Brown song that has been covered many times before, yet Gerald is able to create an interesting spin that you wouldn't necessarily expect.
639;10;I absolutely love this cd, since I'm a jazz fan Gerald Albright is my all time favorite.
638;1;In short, Clarity is a fantastic album for all to enjoy.
638;2;Beginning to end Clarity is an amazingly beautiful record.
638;3;The songs on Clarity flow in to the next and the cd is polished, not as well crafted as "Bleed American" but still very good.
638;4;Beginning to end Clarity is an amazingly beautiful record.
638;5;I cried into the night and I read along as they sang... and my god, this  album is amazin... A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!
638;6;Beginning to end Clarity is an amazingly beautiful record.
638;7;The album travels through the songs reflecting on missed opportunities and unforgettable moments in life.
638;8;The energy, the emotion, what can I say it's great.
638;9;Songs such as "Lucky Denver Mint" and  "Blister" are catchy and fun to sing along to, but it's songs  like "Just Watch The Fireworks" that FORCE you to close your eyes  and delve deep into the music.
638;10;"Blister" takes the listener to a world where only you are alive, where only you can love.
637;1;I'd recommend anybody into death or  black metal to pick this up and indulge in the beautiful emotions conveyed  on this masterpiece.
637;2;I'm pretty picky when it comes to death and older death especially, this genre is riddled with ridiculously bad lyrics and repetitive riffs, but not here, no not here... amazing technicality, drumming, guitar, and perfect hard metal vocals, this album is great.
637;3;The cd itself is flawless and the case is in good condition as well.
637;4;Blinded By Fear sports one of metal's most memorable riffs and choruses, bulldozing it's way to instant classic status.
637;5;This album defined a subgenre of metal that is now strong enough to stand on its own - and bands  like Dark Tranquility and In Flames will show you what I mean (but chances  are if you're reading this, you love both of them.)
637;6;The distortion is very unique on this album, and not to mention, they must have tune their guitars tuned waaaay down to get the sound they have on this album.
637;7;After a suitably ominous electronic fuzz and spoken-word clip it establishes the driving rhythm of the album and its dark atmosphere with great guitar riffing.
637;8;I'm pretty picky when it comes to death and older death especially, this genre is riddled with ridiculously bad lyrics and repetitive riffs, but not here, no not here... amazing technicality, drumming, guitar, and perfect hard metal vocals, this album is great.
637;9;The distortion is very unique on this album, and not to mention, they must have tune their guitars tuned waaaay down to get the sound they have on this album.
637;10;This album defined a subgenre of metal that is now strong enough to stand on its own - and bands  like Dark Tranquility and In Flames will show you what I mean (but chances  are if you're reading this, you love both of them.)
636;1;Each track was good and the title track was filled with emotion.
636;2;He crafts an epic classic Joe Bonamassa style outro that builds to a frenzy and ends with a dramatic feedback laced tuning altering bend.
636;3;I still believe as good a guitar player as he is the most unique thing he brings to the tracks are his vocals.
636;4;He crafts an epic classic Joe Bonamassa style outro that builds to a frenzy and ends with a dramatic feedback laced tuning altering bend.
636;5;He crafts an epic classic Joe Bonamassa style outro that builds to a frenzy and ends with a dramatic feedback laced tuning altering bend.
636;6;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
636;7;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
636;8;Each track was good and the title track was filled with emotion.
636;9;He crafts an epic classic Joe Bonamassa style outro that builds to a frenzy and ends with a dramatic feedback laced tuning altering bend.
636;10;might not be turned on quite as much...I love the occasional presence of the keys, and the real variation in guitar sounds, and moods too.
576;1;Good music given a revival by a current popular country star and doing it well with friends helping along the way
576;2;if U love country music, it's a must have.
576;3;Good music given a revival by a current popular country star and doing it well with friends helping along the way
576;4;if U love country music, it's a must have.
576;5;if U love country music, it's a must have.
576;6;This is very clean and has good instrumentation with identity of the different performers stated without question.
576;7;Play it in my car a lot!
576;8;He displays the great difference between singing a song and channeling the emotion, and every guest artist on the album matches Johnson's depth and nuance.
576;9;if U love country music, it's a must have.
576;10;if U love country music, it's a must have.
577;1;Your Faith In Me-9/10-The song and lyrics are good and the background music is okay but it is fun to listen to...11.
577;2;She just sings for fun, and I'm not saying that's a bad thing just that she needs to know that her fans are waiting for her to sing in her beautiful, talent voice and that she should take singing seriously.
577;3;She just sings for fun, and I'm not saying that's a bad thing just that she needs to know that her fans are waiting for her to sing in her beautiful, talent voice and that she should take singing seriously.
577;4;She is a youthful balladeer with tremendous vocal range (5-Octave), charisma, natural beauty and grace on stage...Overall a very pleasing, impeccable debut from a immensely powerful, talented singer.
577;5;She is refreshingly honest, remarkably focused and positive, and true to herself, beliefs and her heart.
577;6;She is a youthful balladeer with tremendous vocal range (5-Octave), charisma, natural beauty and grace on stage...Overall a very pleasing, impeccable debut from a immensely powerful, talented singer.
577;7;She is a youthful balladeer with tremendous vocal range (5-Octave), charisma, natural beauty and grace on stage...Overall a very pleasing, impeccable debut from a immensely powerful, talented singer.
577;8;She just sings for fun, and I'm not saying that's a bad thing just that she needs to know that her fans are waiting for her to sing in her beautiful, talent voice and that she should take singing seriously.
577;9;A great gift and great for  parties, dances and also for just background relaxing music.
577;10;I would love to also slow dance to I Wanna Love You Forever on my wedding day/night at the reception with my husband, it's such a beautiful, wonderful, romantic ballad!!!
578;1;Her soft sultry voice lends a great  deal of passion and emotion to each song, from the fun and enjoyable  "Peel Me a Grape" to the warm and soft "Gentle Rain".
578;2;And her acheingly beautiful "I  Don't Stand A Ghost of a Chance with You" is the best version I've  heard since Clifford Brown's instrumental masterpiece..."Peel Me a Grape" is fun and sexy, but you'd have to be a bad singer to ruin Dave  Frishberg's (1962) clever list of double entendres!
578;3;that's how good it is.
578;4;Oh well, live and hope.
578;5;With so many rap and hip-hop "singers" abounding who can neither read music nor play a musical instrument, it is refreshing to find an artist who can do both effortlessly.
578;6;Oh well, live and hope.
578;7;Oh well, live and hope.
578;8;And her acheingly beautiful "I  Don't Stand A Ghost of a Chance with You" is the best version I've  heard since Clifford Brown's instrumental masterpiece..."Peel Me a Grape" is fun and sexy, but you'd have to be a bad singer to ruin Dave  Frishberg's (1962) clever list of double entendres!
578;9;And her acheingly beautiful "I  Don't Stand A Ghost of a Chance with You" is the best version I've  heard since Clifford Brown's instrumental masterpiece..."Peel Me a Grape" is fun and sexy, but you'd have to be a bad singer to ruin Dave  Frishberg's (1962) clever list of double entendres!
578;10;But to me there is a broader and more personal attachment to each of the songs than the standard definition of romantic love might imply.
579;1;I bought this on the recommendation of a friend and boy am I glad I listened to him...Country boy country, southern rock, ballads and some good ass kickin fun.
579;2;Every song is good, but my favorite tracts are Saving Amy and Halfway to Heaven.
579;3;Every song is good, but my favorite tracts are Saving Amy and Halfway to Heaven.
579;4;Every song is good, but my favorite tracts are Saving Amy and Halfway to Heaven.
579;5;Every song is good, but my favorite tracts are Saving Amy and Halfway to Heaven.
579;6;He's here to tell us that country music is really quite universal, and he does so in a manner that forecasts the future of the genre...Brantley drives this point home on Halfway to Heaven, his second album, with two tracks that have been successful singles.
579;7;He's here to tell us that country music is really quite universal, and he does so in a manner that forecasts the future of the genre...Brantley drives this point home on Halfway to Heaven, his second album, with two tracks that have been successful singles.
579;8;every song on this kicks A** - heart gripping lyrics in all songs!
579;9;With many popular country party tunes and some more great ballads, this is yet another albun that you should take a chance to listen to.
579;10;I liked his music...but I love this CD!!
580;1;And while you're at it get Diva... it's just as good if not better!
580;2;It's quite theatrical but has a beautiful melody that fits her voice perfectly...Take Me To The River is a quick and uptempo song with strong R&B and gospel roots...A Whiter Shade Of Pale is the weakest selection on this album but not bad by any means.
580;3;And while you're at it get Diva... it's just as good if not better!
580;4;And while you're at it get Diva... it's just as good if not better!
580;5;And while you're at it get Diva... it's just as good if not better!
580;6;And while you're at it get Diva... it's just as good if not better!
580;7;And while you're at it get Diva... it's just as good if not better!
580;8;, "I can't get Next To You" I didn't like the original, I don't like this one, but it's not skippeable, it doesn't bother me, but just can't get it, "Downtown Lights", great meaning to this lyrics, deep vocals, "Thin Line Between love and..." soulful, great song, "Waiting In Vain" wow!
580;9;You move on to "Take Me To the River" which has a great techno-pop underlying to it, perfect for dancing to...Probably everybody knows the classic original of "Whiter Shade of Pale" - but with the tinkling background and smooth vocals, this is pretty much an equal in its own way...That's true with every song here.
580;10;No more I love you's will carry me through life I feel.
581;1;The production has an overalll feeling that can't be duplicated because Dre's funky, not quite G Funk production but extremely good, production and Eazy's one of a kind lyric delivery and natural flow compliment each other so well.
581;2;The production has an overalll feeling that can't be duplicated because Dre's funky, not quite G Funk production but extremely good, production and Eazy's one of a kind lyric delivery and natural flow compliment each other so well.
581;3;The production has an overalll feeling that can't be duplicated because Dre's funky, not quite G Funk production but extremely good, production and Eazy's one of a kind lyric delivery and natural flow compliment each other so well.
581;4;The production has an overalll feeling that can't be duplicated because Dre's funky, not quite G Funk production but extremely good, production and Eazy's one of a kind lyric delivery and natural flow compliment each other so well.
581;5;The production has an overalll feeling that can't be duplicated because Dre's funky, not quite G Funk production but extremely good, production and Eazy's one of a kind lyric delivery and natural flow compliment each other so well.
581;6;The sound quality is the best yet, featuring a very clean, remastered sound.
581;7;Easy-E, songs are easy to listen to , lyrics are good, and beats are good, with some bass for you car system.
581;8;The production has an overalll feeling that can't be duplicated because Dre's funky, not quite G Funk production but extremely good, production and Eazy's one of a kind lyric delivery and natural flow compliment each other so well.
581;9;The lyrics were gangsta rap still but they had an element of playfulness and fun.
581;10;I've loved this album for years and I still do.
582;1;I love every song they sound really good, I am a big fan of classic rock and blues and the Crowes mix these two styles in practically every song on this CD and they do a fantastic job at it.
582;2;I have always liked the Black Crowes, but for some reason never bought one of their albums.
582;3;He loves good music & listens to it often.
582;4;I have always liked the Black Crowes, but for some reason never bought one of their albums.
582;5;I have always liked the Black Crowes, but for some reason never bought one of their albums.
582;6;I have always liked the Black Crowes, but for some reason never bought one of their albums.
582;7;And this is one of those albums that may be best listened to while driving in the car with the windows rolled down and the volume turned up.
582;8;My favorites are "She Talks To Angels" (a beautiful ballad and soul stirring) I also love "Remedy" this song jams and I love both the lyrics and music on this one.
582;9;I have always liked the Black Crowes, but for some reason never bought one of their albums.
582;10;The Greatest Hits gets most of the songs that I absolutely love in one package.
583;1;However "So Far So Good" remains the best hits package available for Adams fans.
583;2;It contains pretty much ALL of his top 10 hits.
583;3;However "So Far So Good" remains the best hits package available for Adams fans.
583;4;It contains pretty much ALL of his top 10 hits.
583;5;It contains pretty much ALL of his top 10 hits.
583;6;It contains pretty much ALL of his top 10 hits.
583;7;It contains pretty much ALL of his top 10 hits.
583;8;It contains pretty much ALL of his top 10 hits.
583;9;Hooks  like the ones found in "Summer of '69," "Can't Stop This  Thing We Started," and "Somebody" never grow old
583;10;I bought this album after hearing it with my girlfriend, having never even HEARD of Bryan Adams, and it really grew on me, so much so that I had to track it down for myself.
584;1;This is good foot-tapping music.
584;2;This album never got the credit it was due over 20 years ago.
584;3;This is good foot-tapping music.
584;4;This album never got the credit it was due over 20 years ago.
584;5;This album never got the credit it was due over 20 years ago.
584;6;This album never got the credit it was due over 20 years ago.
584;7;Grammy for best R&B performance by a duo or group...The lovely synthesizer driven number `Betcha wouldn't hurt me' was penned by Stevie Wonder and performed by Patti Austin, and has a slight jazz feel.
584;8;This album never got the credit it was due over 20 years ago.
584;9;Razzamatazz is the pinnacle dance jam on the entire disc with some of the smoothest vocals by Austin and enticing musical hooks by Jones.
584;10;It is a tender love song urging one to find one hundred ways to make your woman feel special.
585;1;The whole track is such a fantastic interpretation of the original Hendrix.
585;2;Such a wound gives one courage and pain, sings Sting.
585;3;A good selection of eighties' ascendent jazz musicians aid the former Police-man on this incredible late-80's album...Considering that NO ONE has produced music as good as this or "Ten Summoner's Tales" in over 25 years, I hope Sting has 1) His star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, 2) Is in the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in a prominent spot and 3) Finally makes a good movie where he isn't playing a villain!
585;4;It tells an amusing little story about a hapless couple who find themselves on Noah's ark.
585;5;I doubt that he had ever read Taiwanese literature, yet "The Lazarus Heart" magically coincides with a famous poem here, leaving me awestruck.
585;6;It tells an amusing little story about a hapless couple who find themselves on Noah's ark.
585;7;"Englishman in New York" and "History Will Teach Us Nothing" manage to lighten the serious atmosphere created in the beginning and will return later on, and I involuntarily feel like smiling during the two songs...Afterwards, the advent of two classic humanitarian songs, "They Dance Alone" and "Fragile," drive me to tears.
585;8;My only complaint is that the background voices are too loud, but Sting never sounds as sexy and provocative..."Straight to My Heart" and "Rock Steady" are easygoing and light-hearted, with catchy tunes and brilliant lyrics.
585;9;This is a serene yet powerful song about women in Chile who would dance alone to protest the "disappearance" of their husbands and sons.
585;10;It tells an amusing little story about a hapless couple who find themselves on Noah's ark.
586;1;Always fun to listen to old music.
586;2;worth having in you rock and roll collection.
586;3;I have heard it and it is very good.
586;4;worth having in you rock and roll collection.
586;5;worth having in you rock and roll collection.
586;6;worth having in you rock and roll collection.
586;7;A punchy brass section, and a great drummer (either Jim Gordon or Jim Keltner) who drives everything along.
586;8;Then there's Girl From the North Country...Joe Cocker and pianist Leon Russel team up and inject loads of emotion to one of my all-time favorite Dylan songs, Girl From the North Country.
586;9;Always fun to listen to old music.
586;10;I am quite stunned to see that there are a couple of folks that rated this with 1 and 2 stars.
587;1;I'm happy with the purchase and I'm happy with Amazon's good service.
587;2;All I have to say about this is...LOVE!
587;3;hopefully they will release that on cd or mp3...check out Johnny Lee solo albums, he had a few good songs besides looking for love.
587;4;All I have to say about this is...LOVE!
587;5;All I have to say about this is...LOVE!
587;6;All I have to say about this is...LOVE!
587;7;The Eagles super classic: Lyin' Eyes became an instant national sing along whether you were in your car, at work or elsewhere - most certainly one of their finest lyrical works.
587;8;All I have to say about this is...LOVE!
587;9;Another ultimate slow dance ballad was Boz Scaggs: Look What You've Done To Me - which got the boy to girl parts very close and getting warm, very warm - to - well, you figger that one out.
587;10;All I have to say about this is...LOVE!
588;1;Frey's slide guitar work is pretty good here.
588;2;Wanting to make the definitive jump from country-pop to rock, the Eagles fired their producer mid-session and re-did most of the album in a harder edged style...only to watch the album's mellowest and most country-flavored song, "Best of My Love," become their first #1 single, and the only big hit drawn from here...What I find strangest about all this is that "Best of My Love," while not bad, is probably the weakest cut on On The Border.
588;3;.10) The Best of My Love (lv: Henley) -- one of their most relaxed songs.
588;4;.10) The Best of My Love (lv: Henley) -- one of their most relaxed songs.
588;5;.10) The Best of My Love (lv: Henley) -- one of their most relaxed songs.
588;6;.10) The Best of My Love (lv: Henley) -- one of their most relaxed songs.
588;7;Beyond the obvious (and terrific) hits that bookend the album, the driving "Already Gone," and the somber "Best of My Love," there is the energized "James Dean," one of my favorite Eagles' songs, which is mysteriously overlooked by the radio, and the tender "Ol' 55."
588;8;Wanting to make the definitive jump from country-pop to rock, the Eagles fired their producer mid-session and re-did most of the album in a harder edged style...only to watch the album's mellowest and most country-flavored song, "Best of My Love," become their first #1 single, and the only big hit drawn from here...What I find strangest about all this is that "Best of My Love," while not bad, is probably the weakest cut on On The Border.
588;9;The harmony vocals are charming as usual, and the banjo and slide guitar at the end makes it another fun song to listen to.
588;10;.10) The Best of My Love (lv: Henley) -- one of their most relaxed songs.
589;1;I am so happy I pre-ordered this and got it so quickly.
589;2;This is a great CD--there really is not a bad song in the bunch.
589;3;really like "Neon"  a lot of good songs.
589;4;Look forward to hearing his music all the time.
589;5;Look forward to hearing his music all the time.
589;6;His deep voice and down home roots make for the perfect sound.
589;7;thoroughly enjoyable, and great listening for a road trip!
589;8;The music, lyrics, and vocal performance on this album are all top notch.
589;9;I love how he is so soulful on songs like Tomorrow but then fun and playful on Save water, Drink Beer.
589;10;If you like his music, you'll love this new cd!
590;1;Listen and buy this if you want to have a blast and enjoy what you're listening to, the introduction is great and songs like Harlem world can't fail, while having been tossed around with songs like sweet sugar oie, and brought back down to earth with songs like raw ride, this album is something to behold!
590;2;Absolutely the oldest, the dirtiest, and the fatherless-est of them all!
590;3;Such good memories from that night.
590;4;Absolutely the oldest, the dirtiest, and the fatherless-est of them all!
590;5;From the pure funkiness of "Shimmy Shimmy Ya," which you'll find yourself singing along with each listen, to the hardcore vibe of "Raw Hide," this album delivers exactly what you'd want and expect from Dirt Dawg: lyrics so bizarre, and incoherrent, that they're more complicated than most you'll ever read or here...This is ODB at his best, no doubt.
590;6;Absolutely the oldest, the dirtiest, and the fatherless-est of them all!
590;7;Absolutely the oldest, the dirtiest, and the fatherless-est of them all!
590;8;You just get it and you love it because that's the nature of the musical genius on every level
590;9;I love shimmy, shimmy, its makes me laff and dance.
590;10;I love shimmy, shimmy, its makes me laff and dance.
591;1;excellent, the sound 5.1 is perfect, a very good product
591;2;Great music by a unique group that changed the face of rock n roll at the time, combining blues, jazz and rock into one very nice form.
591;3;excellent, the sound 5.1 is perfect, a very good product
591;4;Great music by a unique group that changed the face of rock n roll at the time, combining blues, jazz and rock into one very nice form.
591;5;Here in one place is all the solo variations and full jams for study and practice.
591;6;so for me well to keep it clean somewhat it made the hair on my neck stand up each time.
591;7;Great music by a unique group that changed the face of rock n roll at the time, combining blues, jazz and rock into one very nice form.
591;8;Great music by a unique group that changed the face of rock n roll at the time, combining blues, jazz and rock into one very nice form.
591;9;Great music by a unique group that changed the face of rock n roll at the time, combining blues, jazz and rock into one very nice form.
591;10;While they are't quite as dynamic sounding as, say, the original CD release, they benefit from the remix and sound vibrant and alive...I love the music.
593;1;A good way to finish up a decade of ultra-funky, violent, get-up-and-raise-your-fist rock music.
593;2;And there is good and bad: this is a pretty well constructed album.
593;3;And there is good and bad: this is a pretty well constructed album.
593;4;Another one of my favorites on here is the "Kick Out The Jams" cover.
593;5;It is definitely a wild and thrilling ride...To conclude, I just want to say that if you're reading this and still contemplating whether to fork out your cash to get this or any other Rage album...please do.
593;6;Another one of my favorites on here is the "Kick Out The Jams" cover.
593;7;Another one of my favorites on here is the "Kick Out The Jams" cover.
593;8;Zacks does his own take on the fantastic lyrics and accomplishes this task better than one might think, going from Cypress Hill to the Rolling Stones or Bruce Springsteen.
593;9;The quality of songs that are just fun and awesome to listen too put this CD with their two first releases, Rage Against the Machine and Evil Empire.
593;10;Even anyone who hates rap rock will love this album.
592;1;very good condition and plays perfectly
592;2;Best way to collect the NOW music!
592;3;very good condition and plays perfectly
592;4;Best way to collect the NOW music!
592;5;Best way to collect the NOW music!
592;6;Best way to collect the NOW music!
592;7;Arrived in 2 days and Now is in my car!
592;8;Best way to collect the NOW music!
592;9;All For You - Janet Jackson (great to dance) 5 stars 16.
592;10;Love all the Now CDs.
595;1;I am replacing my worn out CD... that's how much I enjoy this CD.
595;2;There's nothing bad to say about Celine, because she's got the voice of an angel.
595;3;There's nothing bad to say about Celine, because she's got the voice of an angel.
595;4;I highly recommend this CD!
595;5;I highly recommend this CD!
595;6;The use of the childrens chorus on the title track adds a nice touch to an album that could very well be played with the children at home without worry of obcenity...Overall, this is her best album to date.
595;7;This album, mostly ballad driven, is one of her best recordings.
595;8;There's nothing bad to say about Celine, because she's got the voice of an angel.
595;9;Still, when they sing together, it produces a nice, overall effect..."Treat Her Like A Lady" features not only Diana King, the phenominal artist who sang "Shy Guy" for Bad Boys, but also Brownstone offering their rousing gospel tinged vocals to make this one of the meatier dance songs to hit the pop scene.
595;10;Loved it, beautiful and amazing voice
594;1;On "Big Girl", he shouts out the heavyset ladies and has fun with it too.
594;2;great album one of his best  If u don't have it pick it up Great job as always  amazon thank you
594;3;It has lots of 70s soul samples and feels like good ol olskool Wu Tang.
594;4;great album one of his best  If u don't have it pick it up Great job as always  amazon thank you
594;5;Speaking of production, it speaks to Ghostface's presence, as well, that disparate producers like MF Doom, Pete Rock and Just Blaze can coexist on the same album without dulling the album's focus.
594;6;great album one of his best  If u don't have it pick it up Great job as always  amazon thank you
594;7;great album one of his best  If u don't have it pick it up Great job as always  amazon thank you
594;8;It's one of the best albums I've heard in a long time...After the intro, the album leads in with "Shakey Dog", a strong, funky track with great hard lyrics.
594;9;On "Big Girl", he shouts out the heavyset ladies and has fun with it too.
594;10;This album has it all
597;1;The singing is very good and gets even better in the chorus when Trisha Yearwood joins Gill.
597;2;The music is simple and pretty with a nice bridge.
597;3;The singing is very good and gets even better in the chorus when Trisha Yearwood joins Gill.
597;4;The music is simple and pretty with a nice bridge.
597;5;The music is simple and pretty with a nice bridge.
597;6;The guitar work is clean and pegged to the mood of the song.
597;7;The music is simple and pretty with a nice bridge.
597;8;This song was the backing song to "Which Bridge to Cross (Which Bridge to Burn)," but I think this song is an incredible song with great music, lyrics and singing and is easily one of the best songs on this CD...The pace speeds up significantly with "The South Side of Dixie."
597;9;This song is very competent and fun and makes a great party song...Next up is another phenomenal ballad, "Maybe Tonight," which was the backing song on a single release featuring "Go Rest High on That Mountain" in 1995.
597;10;One of America's greatest talents, Vince Gill has consistently written terrific songs, and as a performing artist is a superb guitarist and singer
596;1;The film and the music are each filled with tremendous emotion, and together they pack a punch that's enough to leave you breathless.
596;2;The sad, haunting sound of the violin that recurs throughout this recording hangs over the entire soundtrack and creates a mood of deep reflection and sadness.
596;3;This is one of the most beautiful and heart wrenching assemblies of music ... touches the heart and calms the spirit
596;4;Although it has been years since Schindler's List was released, the soundtrack alone can still create startling, repulsive, and heartbreaking imagery in my mind simply by hearing the music.
596;5;Although it has been years since Schindler's List was released, the soundtrack alone can still create startling, repulsive, and heartbreaking imagery in my mind simply by hearing the music.
596;6;Although it has been years since Schindler's List was released, the soundtrack alone can still create startling, repulsive, and heartbreaking imagery in my mind simply by hearing the music.
596;7;Although it has been years since Schindler's List was released, the soundtrack alone can still create startling, repulsive, and heartbreaking imagery in my mind simply by hearing the music.
596;8;The sad, haunting sound of the violin that recurs throughout this recording hangs over the entire soundtrack and creates a mood of deep reflection and sadness.
596;9;Although it has been years since Schindler's List was released, the soundtrack alone can still create startling, repulsive, and heartbreaking imagery in my mind simply by hearing the music.
596;10;Loved the music in particular Itzak Perlmans violin captured the emotional aura of the movie
599;1;"Timespace"is a fantastic collection of Stevie's greatest  hits,with a couple of new songs like everyone always has to sale the  record.
599;2;Great vocals by a great singer.
599;3;These fourteen tracks provide ample proof that when she is good, Stevie Nicks is very good.
599;4;Great vocals by a great singer.
599;5;Great vocals by a great singer.
599;6;There's also that dynamic of supporting the troops and not the war, and she does tell the troops "And you should know how much we love you... Come home."
599;7;"Stand Back," as always, is a great upbeat song, great for driving!
599;8;Great guitar riff, piano, vocals, energy & lyrics.
599;9;A really fun listen, and sequenced nicely.
599;10;I love her duets on this CD with Tom Petty and Don Henley which are Stop Dragging My Heart Around and Leather and Lace respectively.
598;1;Prince is special and  this album must
598;2;True blue Prince fans will appreciate it, though!
598;3;Prince is special and  this album must
598;4;Eccentric music and creative stuff.
598;5;They are mid tempo, easy going songs that put the focus on the lyrics.
598;6;is one of the most musically aggressive songs Prince has ever done with it's mixture of industrial house and speed metal.
598;7;Eccentric music and creative stuff.
598;8;But the CD is full of sexual energy (be it titilating, seductive, or violent), head bobbing grooves, beautiful melodies and thoughtful lyrics.
598;9;It's the one high energy dance cut included.
598;10;Then I heard "Come", "Space", "Pheremone", "Papa", and most importantly..."Dark" and I was in love all over!
601;1;If you have grown up with Dean over the years, or  simply looking for a good cd filled with wonderful music when music was fun  and arranged well, then this is a must!
601;2;Good vocals and good songs!!!
601;3;Good vocals and good songs!!!
601;4;Good vocals and good songs!!!
601;5;Good vocals and good songs!!!
601;6;Good vocals and good songs!!!
601;7;great music to drive with!
601;8;Good vocals and good songs!!!
601;9;If you have grown up with Dean over the years, or  simply looking for a good cd filled with wonderful music when music was fun  and arranged well, then this is a must!
601;10;I was raised listening to him and still love his voice.
600;1;It has the minor hit Hypnotized, but the whole album is good.
600;2;I don't think there is a bad song on it, and most are very good...as good as anything Fleetwood Mac has done.
600;3;I don't think there is a bad song on it, and most are very good...as good as anything Fleetwood Mac has done.
600;4;It's the definition of beautiful.
600;5;It's the definition of beautiful.
600;6;A very clean, moving vehicle.
600;7;This is the middle period after the blues driven and guitar hero persona, and just before their careers jumped into hyperspace.
600;8;"Hypnotized" is crafted so well both in sound and lyrics that it makes one wonder how it was not further recognized or appreciated.
600;9;It's the definition of beautiful.
600;10;I guess I'm thinking of their "Play On Love" classic!
603;1;John it was good to see you again or should I say hear you...Enjoy the music and be well,.
603;2;He should stick to guitar (where he is great) and let a top notch band help him out...Vanz Kant Danz is pretty bad but the rest is great and a fun listen...1.
603;3;"Rock & Roll Girls" is a good rocker while "Big Train" is an Elvis tribute.
603;4;Its B-side, the #44 title track, has become somewhat of an unofficial baseball anthem, as it pays homage to the nation's biggest sports, with nods to Joe DiMaggio, Willie Mays, and Ty Cobb, and even from Chuck Berry, "a brown-eyed handsome man."
603;5;It is classic CCR swamp rock and Fogerty's vocals are raspy and well seasoned and that adds to the song's spooky feel.
603;6;The CD contains the good, down home sound that is John Fogerty at his finest.
603;7;John Fogerty was the driving force and musical genius behind one of the best bands of the late 60's, Creedence Clearwater Revival.
603;8;He should stick to guitar (where he is great) and let a top notch band help him out...Vanz Kant Danz is pretty bad but the rest is great and a fun listen...1.
603;9;"Rock And Roll Girls", is a very fun and pleasant track with a sense of classic type sounding rockabilly to it, but it is pretty dispensable in the end, even though it is a favorite of mine.
603;10;John has a love for baseball and he has said that he wanted to write a classic type song for the game that could stand the test of time.
602;1;Among those "Good Luck Charm", performed by Dave Davies may be the most appealling.
602;2;Dave returns for his third song with "Funny Face", and the creepy, sad lyrics -- that of a dying or sick woman who either refuses to see him or is kept away from him -- are badly mismatched with some bland, unmemorable music..."End of the Season" is the album's biggest throwback, with Ray doing his best shuffling crooner, haunted by the ghost of a woman who left him and the inability to cope with her loss.
602;3;Among those "Good Luck Charm", performed by Dave Davies may be the most appealling.
602;4;"afternoon tea" has some fine renditions to it here.
602;5;The album is also interspersed with fine, pensive ballads reflecting loss ("No Return" and "End of the Season") without seeming to shift focus.
602;6;"afternoon tea" has some fine renditions to it here.
602;7;"afternoon tea" has some fine renditions to it here.
602;8;Dave returns for his third song with "Funny Face", and the creepy, sad lyrics -- that of a dying or sick woman who either refuses to see him or is kept away from him -- are badly mismatched with some bland, unmemorable music..."End of the Season" is the album's biggest throwback, with Ray doing his best shuffling crooner, haunted by the ghost of a woman who left him and the inability to cope with her loss.
602;9;Lyrically Dave is storytelling again, and the strength of his lyrical skills (as well as its GROOVY beat, man) elevate the song to a fun little number..."Lazy Old Sun" is an odd bird.
602;10;I find "something else" to love about  THE KINKS every time.
605;1;A fantastic closer to this masterpiece of an album.
605;2;this album is the best metal album since Master of Puppets only 21 years later who else could start with a ten minute song and end with a nine minute and another nine minute and end with another ten minute song to end the album absolutely amazing  I cant think of bad song on here.definately the best album since Master of Puppets
605;3;All three of the albums he has performed on are not only unbelievably good, but they are the standard for how metal should be: intricate, heartfelt, and heavy.
605;4;I play it at the gym, I play it at home, and in the car.
605;5;This album is very utilitarian, focused metal.
605;6;His vocals can range from vicious growls and angry screams, to a great clean singing range.
605;7;I play it at the gym, I play it at home, and in the car.
605;8;And the lyrics are well written with many words of our dismal future.
605;9;Machine Head, you have just become legend.
605;10;It was the best metal album I heard in a long time, I love the long songs, the riffs are amazing, the singing is amazing its just the whole metal package check it out!
604;1;If you're looking for rich R&B, you're going to be slightly disappointed but if you enjoy a good UC album, you will very pleased.
604;2;"U Got It Bad" is well put together and is defintely going to be a hit.
604;3;These days it's hard come out with good, solid R&B but Usher does very well here.
604;4;"8701"  is probably a better product because of this.
604;5;"8701"  is probably a better product because of this.
604;6;"8701"  is probably a better product because of this.
604;7;"8701"  is probably a better product because of this.
604;8;"U Got It Bad" is well put together and is defintely going to be a hit.
604;9;There's alot of fun tracks on it.
604;10;If you like this genre of music, you will love this album.
607;1;All of the songs are fantastic.
607;2;Leftoverture is also a great recording and most folks consider it the best of the best of Kansas.
607;3;The remastering job is really good, actually.
607;4;Leftoverture is also a great recording and most folks consider it the best of the best of Kansas.
607;5;Leftoverture is also a great recording and most folks consider it the best of the best of Kansas.
607;6;Leftoverture is also a great recording and most folks consider it the best of the best of Kansas.
607;7;Leftoverture is also a great recording and most folks consider it the best of the best of Kansas.
607;8;And the song never lets up from beginning to end...Finally, the accurately named majestic and passionate Pinnacle which contains some of the best lyrics in any Kansas song.
607;9;It is a fun energetic little song that sets the stage for the main course.
607;10;If you liked Leftoverture you will love Masque.
606;1;This most recent "best of" set is a vast improvement to what was already a good compilation ("Flashback") which was released in 1987.
606;2;This is happy feeling, yet sad due to the "broken" heart.
606;3;This most recent "best of" set is a vast improvement to what was already a good compilation ("Flashback") which was released in 1987.
606;4;also has the ballad "Take Me Back", which you cant help but think of Donnie's love for his departed brother Ronnie.
606;5;also has the ballad "Take Me Back", which you cant help but think of Donnie's love for his departed brother Ronnie.
606;6;Clean rock for all ages.
606;7;also has the ballad "Take Me Back", which you cant help but think of Donnie's love for his departed brother Ronnie.
606;8;This is happy feeling, yet sad due to the "broken" heart.
606;9;also has the ballad "Take Me Back", which you cant help but think of Donnie's love for his departed brother Ronnie.
606;10;also has the ballad "Take Me Back", which you cant help but think of Donnie's love for his departed brother Ronnie.
687;1;Michael sings this with a mighty good piano arrangement and he never sounded better...I also liked the final track which gives us a live recording of Michael singing "Let It Snow."
687;2;Michael sings this with a mighty good piano arrangement and he never sounded better...I also liked the final track which gives us a live recording of Michael singing "Let It Snow."
687;3;Michael sings this with a mighty good piano arrangement and he never sounded better...I also liked the final track which gives us a live recording of Michael singing "Let It Snow."
687;4;Michael sings this with a mighty good piano arrangement and he never sounded better...I also liked the final track which gives us a live recording of Michael singing "Let It Snow."
687;5;Upon hearing it for the first time and without having read the recording information yet, I knew it was Johnny Mandel who arranged it and I was right all along.
687;6;Another highlight of this CD is clearly Michael's interpretation of the melancholy classic "I'll Be Home For Christmas."
687;7;Michael sings this with a mighty good piano arrangement and he never sounded better...I also liked the final track which gives us a live recording of Michael singing "Let It Snow."
687;8;I have all of Buble's albums because I like his voice and the retro lyric.
687;9;He has so much class and is also really a fun personality.
687;10;Grown Up Christmas List is a romantic wistful track.
686;1;Finally, there is one last group of songs, every one of them very good.
686;2;, six-stringers Adam Dutkiewicz and Joel Stroetzel write and pull-off a handful of emphatic guitar solos, and do so to surprisingly successful effect...The record opens with a fairly prototypical Killswitch epic.
686;3;Finally, there is one last group of songs, every one of them very good.
686;4;, six-stringers Adam Dutkiewicz and Joel Stroetzel write and pull-off a handful of emphatic guitar solos, and do so to surprisingly successful effect...The record opens with a fairly prototypical Killswitch epic.
686;5;Previous releases had fans of the band believing that the group was more focused on radio play than aggressive metal.
686;6;Clean vocals are very sharp and melodic and fit the style.
686;7;, six-stringers Adam Dutkiewicz and Joel Stroetzel write and pull-off a handful of emphatic guitar solos, and do so to surprisingly successful effect...The record opens with a fairly prototypical Killswitch epic.
686;8;Jesse's voice has improved significantly since he left the band after "Alive Or Just Breathing," and his lyric writing has always been powerful and meaningful.
686;9;KSE sounds whole again and they sound like they're having fun.
686;10;The first time that I heard Killswitch Engage was back in 2003 when I first heard "My Last Serenade", and I really liked it and I wound up buying the band's 2002 release "Alive or Just Breathing" and I instantly fell in love with it, and it remains one of my favorite metal albums to this day forward.
685;1;Enjoyed the film Interstellar but also liked the sound track, good addition to my sound track collection.
685;2;The recorded sound is awesome and there is a spectacular range between the quietest and loudest parts.
685;3;Listen to it on a good stereo system.
685;4;The recorded sound is awesome and there is a spectacular range between the quietest and loudest parts.
685;5;Sure there are plenty of ideas going around, but if you focus on the score (or even lack of it in some areas), you will be rewarded by a very emotionally resonating story.
685;6;The recorded sound is awesome and there is a spectacular range between the quietest and loudest parts.
685;7;It fits perfectly with space travel, even if at first it doesn't seem like it.
685;8;The emotion is very powerful, with tracks such as "No Time For Caution" (only on the Deluxe Edition) and "Mountains" inspiring you to do great things, and songs such as "Cornfield Chase" and "Where We're Going" almost pulling you to reach out and embrace those you love...The best tracks are as follows:.1.
685;9;The recorded sound is awesome and there is a spectacular range between the quietest and loudest parts.
685;10;You've seen the movie (if not, go see it now), you've loved the movie, and the music lives up to it!
684;1;This is a wonderful cd of the Jackson's that I got and I enjoyed it!!
684;2;I love this album so much.
684;3;I love a good live album and this counts as one.
684;4;I love this album so much.
684;5;I love this album so much.
684;6;I love this album so much.
684;7;I love this album so much.
684;8;I love this album so much.
684;9;It's quite fun to listen to and the music is out of this world.
684;10;I love this album so much.
683;1;This is good crusin' music.
683;2;My favorite songs are "Dust" and "Seconds of Pleasure" (but there isn't a bad song on the album), great single selection by the label.
683;3;This is good crusin' music.
683;4;I'm at the gym listening to ' Down Here in Hell (With You)' and loving the music, and, again smiling at the deepness of his lyrical content.
683;5;What saves him is, quite honestly, talent and a sense of focus that alternative rocker Cody Chestnutt could have used...The intelligence of Van Hunt's lyrics will catch you immediately.
683;6;The whole car ride home, we listened to it and it blew me away.
683;7;This one is nocturnal by nature, best spent while driving through the city at night or with edgy, laid back friends and a martini...Van Hunt is one of the most self-effacing artists on the scene, but understand that there is an undeniable confidence here (and rightfully so).
683;8;The lyrics here again are stunning:.
683;9;Then, Down Here ....my favorite is "What Can I Say" It is so melancholy yet so simple and beautiful.
683;10;The key to this great CD, is his ability to understand his vocal range and great  grooves coupled with serious lyrics.
682;1;Even if you are NOT a fan of RED normally, I think there's a good chance you'll enjoy this one anyway if you're at all into hard rock with an orchestral twist.
682;2;RED has really knocked this one out of the park.
682;3;A damn good album, and one of my early favorites of the year.
682;4;I bring this music to work, to the gym, on the road and pretty much anywhere I go.
682;5;Even though in essence, "Innocence And Instinct" will always be my favorite Red album of all time no matter what happens, "Of Beauty And Rage" is easily the band at their most collectively focused.
682;6;This album is more creative, more passionate, and I actually like his voice on this one - clean and scream vocals are much tighter.
682;7;Hard riffs, gorgeous orchestration, and truly emotional lyrics drive RED's last latest album to be my favorite release of 2015.
682;8;Lots of layers and depth to the music, with beautiful lyrics accompanying.
682;9;This is not beach music or party music - so make sure you are able to listen to it in it's entirety - and I recommend you be by yourself.
682;10;I loved Release The Panic, but it's so great to hear them return to that dynamic sound that made them stand out among the rest.
681;1;Dave's vocals are refreshing, and it's the first "happy" and "feel good" and "positive" track to come along in a long time.
681;2;While he feels there is no overall theme, the album tends to focus on different aspects of relationships, both positive and negative.
681;3;Cranking up the tempo again is the buzzing "In sympathy", while the incredibly catchy "Peace" (a duet with Martin Gore) has an almost hymnal quality to it..."Come back" is a rather atmospheric ballad, while "Spacewalker" is an electro instrumental that could perfectly soundtrack "The X-Files".
681;4;This is due in part to the fact that, during the recording sessions, Martin would constantly be winning auctions on eBay for classic older electronic equipment, incorporating them into the productions.
681;5;While he feels there is no overall theme, the album tends to focus on different aspects of relationships, both positive and negative.
681;6;("You'll be crying out in pain, begging me to play my games") It's arguably the best final track on a Depeche Mode album since "Clean" & "Higher Love," with a nicely dark electronic tone, funky guitar riffs, and a groovy beat that ends the album perfectly.
681;7;"Peace" is an experimental trip back to the early 80s with 21st century polish in every way, including even the rhythm.
681;8;Ghost has a slight b-side feel, but it's a strong track with great lyrics.
681;9;It's got a fast groove with a heavy techno backbeat that'll have you singing along and dancing to your heart's content..."Fragile Tension" is another excellent track from Sounds Of The Universe that also discusses the intricacies of relationships ("There's a fragile tension that's keeping us going.
681;10;("We are here, we can love.
680;1;I highly recommend thsi cd to all rockers out there, and all peopel who just enjoy good music.
680;2;Better than the Descendents ALL, better than the Dead Kennedys FrankenChrist...holy... Davey is a supreme lyricist and vocalist...not on par with Maynard James Keenan, but...on sort of a different level...beautiful and sad...Maynard is worth mentioning because it's obvious that he has influenced davey's lyrics due to a common thread of mysticism in their musical souls.
680;3;this is what punk is supposed to sound like, too bad there aren't many like this anymore, but this is a very good cd.
680;4;Some of AFI's best work was done on this album.
680;5;But what I find most enjoyable about the band is to read the lyrics.
680;6;The guitar, bass and drums are smooth, fast and clean.
680;7;Listening to the Art of Drowning is like taking a trip to Perfectworld, because everything is perfect.
680;8;Better than the Descendents ALL, better than the Dead Kennedys FrankenChrist...holy... Davey is a supreme lyricist and vocalist...not on par with Maynard James Keenan, but...on sort of a different level...beautiful and sad...Maynard is worth mentioning because it's obvious that he has influenced davey's lyrics due to a common thread of mysticism in their musical souls.
680;9;You cannot, I repeat, CANNOT, stay depressed, or still, while listening to TAOD...Your feet will dance and your heart will sing, guaranteed!
680;10;I still don't really love the lead singer's voice, but it has defenetly improved from their last few cds.
679;1;The first version of Mr. Tambourine Man with Jack Elliot is found on Bootleg Series 7...I highly recommend this album to anyone  enjoy it (or else be kept from drifting)!
679;2;He can bring out the sad...the happy...the mischievous...the wild and the downtrauden....bless him for his contribution to this world with his music....still collecting and continue to listen and learn from him.
679;3;The album closes on a good note though, with the popular track IT AIN'T ME BABE.
679;4;Musically it reminds me a little of Lonesome Death Of Hattie Carroll with similar chord patterns...Motorpsycho Nitemare is humor at its best!
679;5;The opening track, as I  read it, is telling the rest of the world Dylan doesn't want to be any spokesman, but just your friend.
679;6;Musically it reminds me a little of Lonesome Death Of Hattie Carroll with similar chord patterns...Motorpsycho Nitemare is humor at its best!
679;7;Musically it reminds me a little of Lonesome Death Of Hattie Carroll with similar chord patterns...Motorpsycho Nitemare is humor at its best!
679;8;Loved the live version on Bootleg Series 6 where he forgets the lyrics and the fans have to remind him!
679;9;This is really a fun song.
679;10;Loved the live version on Bootleg Series 6 where he forgets the lyrics and the fans have to remind him!
678;1;A fantastic album from  Janis Ian, featuring the mega hit " at Seventeen " what a great song, wrote by people who knew how to transmit their feelings and emotions through  music.
678;2;Yes, the tone of this album is dark, sad and  soulful, but what a perfect record to play when you need to "go  there" - just you, a glass (or bottle) of wine, and a photo  album...chances are, after the tears roll down your face, you will feel  infinitely better.
678;3;While I think she still puts out quality music even today, her early work was as good as anyone's before or since.
678;4;Ms. Ian's lyrics are timeless and introspective, sometimes painfully so.
678;5;Janis Ian, if you ever read this, know how meaningful and precious your gift is, and thank you for sharing it.
678;6;Ms. Ian's lyrics are timeless and introspective, sometimes painfully so.
678;7;Janis is my favorite singer and I wanted an extra tape for my car.
678;8;Ms. Ian's lyrics are timeless and introspective, sometimes painfully so.
678;9;"When the Party's Over" is instantly likeable soothing pop about learning to dance, "Light a Light" is softly sung but *very* emotional and country-ish so make sure you keep the light on for Janis, and "In the Winter" is oversentimental orchestrated pop but has a wonderful melody.
678;10;I really love the first track "When The Party's Over."
677;1;A must have for a genuine collection of good & great music!!!
677;2;The cover is perfect, no signs of wear.
677;3;A must have for a genuine collection of good & great music!!!
677;4;The cover is perfect, no signs of wear.
677;5;The cover is perfect, no signs of wear.
677;6;Great repressing, crisp and clean.
677;7;The albums cover photo reflects a band of traveling entertainers from the late Middle Ages, and "Dream of the Archer" is their one offering which pays homage to an art of centuries ago.
677;8;But here is the band at its best, with soaring vocals, classical guitar work and lyrics that sketch a romantic world that is much better and more ineresting than the one we live in.
677;9;While much popular music was moving into the dance disco age, Heart was one of the few groups still producing music with roots in the hard rock of the late 1960's.
677;10;I've always loved the way those 'ooh' vocals come sailing in and those building guitar flicks like Roger Gilmour letting rip in the studio (Palmaccio's Remaster breathes life into this track)...I wasn't expecting much of the two bonus tracks but they are shockingly good.
676;1;Really good overall, more so in the atmosphere and variety than the short bursts of instrumental skills...Moonflower will stand the test of time as an unforgettable recording.
676;2;This album combines a great live set with a studio version of "She's Not There" that turns the Rod Argent pop song into a Latin-soul-blues explosion, with Carlos Santana's explosive lead guitar solos blowing the song out of its past wistfulness into the type of thing to sing when you're in a bad mood.
676;3;Really good overall, more so in the atmosphere and variety than the short bursts of instrumental skills...Moonflower will stand the test of time as an unforgettable recording.
676;4;And I love the upbeat guitar part in the middle of this song.
676;5;And I love the upbeat guitar part in the middle of this song.
676;6;Santana's band, which emphasized Carlos' strong melodic sense along with a.  love for `the musically dramatic' and the bring down the house virtuosity.
676;7;And I love the upbeat guitar part in the middle of this song.
676;8;This song is just mesmerizing , from the beautiful lyrics and the great singing of Greg Walker.
676;9;The looping guitar work over the "Dance sister dance" chant is nice, and the guitar solo afterwards is really intense like most solos on the album.
676;10;And I love the upbeat guitar part in the middle of this song.
675;1;It's a fantastic rocker with a stellar vocal and a kick*ss riff and catchy chorus.
675;2;It is a refreshing change from the bad boy stance usually taken.
675;3;I don't listen to Judas Priest much now, but they still sound good and they were one of the best metal bands of the early 80's.
675;4;An underated masterpiece in the Priest catalogue.
675;5;An underated masterpiece in the Priest catalogue.
675;6;An underated masterpiece in the Priest catalogue.
675;7;The album's closer "On the Run" is a great album closer (which is also another thing that Priest does well besides album openers) that showcases more of Halford's amazing vocal deliveries including some real killer high notes, and the song also features some more great riffing from Glenn and K.K. along with a great driving rhythm courtesy of Ian and Dave that will just kick you straight to the ground.
675;8;It is a refreshing change from the bad boy stance usually taken.
675;9;"You Say Yes" and "All The Way" are fun, bouncy metal that lays waste to the misconception that all metal has to be angry or fierce-sounding
675;10;With the success of their previous album, British Steel, the band went back to the studio and created even more songs that appealed to radio listeners and it even featured some music video Hits as well...The album has more of a Hard Rock or Pop Metal atmosphere than their previous albums did and may not appeal to fans of their earlier albums, or even fans of later albums such as Screaming For Vengeance and Painkiller, but I love it.
674;1;The remaining songs are not as memorable as "Pancho and Lefty" but all are good and well performed.
674;2;This album will always be best known for the Townes Van Zandt title track, as it should be.
674;3;The remaining songs are not as memorable as "Pancho and Lefty" but all are good and well performed.
674;4;This album will always be best known for the Townes Van Zandt title track, as it should be.
674;5;This album will always be best known for the Townes Van Zandt title track, as it should be.
674;6;Very nice and clean sounding vintage LP.
674;7;This album will always be best known for the Townes Van Zandt title track, as it should be.
674;8;This album will always be best known for the Townes Van Zandt title track, as it should be.
674;9;This album will always be best known for the Townes Van Zandt title track, as it should be.
674;10;Country music even us urban types can love.
673;1;5 years since her lackluster(if you vehemently disagree, that's no big deal) Harem, and in fact, 8 years since the great La Luna, in my opinion, Sarah Brightman's finally back to what she's good at.
673;2;Sanvean is surprisingly beautiful, Sarai Qui, a great translation of There you'll be.
673;3;5 years since her lackluster(if you vehemently disagree, that's no big deal) Harem, and in fact, 8 years since the great La Luna, in my opinion, Sarah Brightman's finally back to what she's good at.
673;4;Sanvean is surprisingly beautiful, Sarai Qui, a great translation of There you'll be.
673;5;Now that Sarah has transformed herself into a blonde skeleton, her focus on music has slipped away.
673;6;A bright star of most clear clean sounding songs to be listened to forever!
673;7;"Fleurs du Mal" sets the gothic mood with a very powerful guitar driven performance which is given the full orchesta treatment, agian fusing the more modern sound with a classical operatic sound.
673;8;Symphony is no exception...Brightman explores her darker side in this selection, with a very moody lyric.
673;9;Sanvean is surprisingly beautiful, Sarai Qui, a great translation of There you'll be.
673;10;I Will Be With You (Where The Lost Ones Go) and Let it rain are both gorgeous and beautiful, and then, the gem of the whole album, Attesa, I just can't tell how much I love this song.
672;1;But, to me, that's what makes him so good.
672;2;Willie Dixon wrote and performed more great blues over his lifetime, along with promoting up and coming blue musicians to the joy of all of us.
672;3;But, to me, that's what makes him so good.
672;4;Willie Dixon might be my sixth- or seventh-favorite blues performer, but this is my favorite blues album ever.
672;5;Willie Dixon might be my sixth- or seventh-favorite blues performer, but this is my favorite blues album ever.
672;6;Willie Dixon might be my sixth- or seventh-favorite blues performer, but this is my favorite blues album ever.
672;7;Willie Dixon might be my sixth- or seventh-favorite blues performer, but this is my favorite blues album ever.
672;8;The album kicks off with 'Back Door Man', a patented Dixon lyric about love on the sly that he presents in an unrepentant way.
672;9;this is a awesome album it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
672;10;Anyway, if you love Willie Dixon, I think you'll love this album.
702;1;One measure of a good album, is will someone who is not a big fan of a band still enjoy it?
702;2;I can definetly tell a difference between the sound of their earlier stuff and the more recent albums, so I figured I'd check it out.
702;3;One measure of a good album, is will someone who is not a big fan of a band still enjoy it?
702;4;I can definetly tell a difference between the sound of their earlier stuff and the more recent albums, so I figured I'd check it out.
702;5;I can definetly tell a difference between the sound of their earlier stuff and the more recent albums, so I figured I'd check it out.
702;6;Chuck, vocals- Chuck does a great job bringing back the past with his awesome trademark made-for-thrash- clean vocals, even if he doesn't use his high pitched voice.
702;7;Into the Pit is done so well I had to pull my car over on the freeway and I listened with my mouth wide open.
702;8;I can definetly tell a difference between the sound of their earlier stuff and the more recent albums, so I figured I'd check it out.
702;9;I can definetly tell a difference between the sound of their earlier stuff and the more recent albums, so I figured I'd check it out.
702;10;I love the chunky wild guitar riffs with the drums.
703;1;Enjoy, and benefit, from  the experience of a fellow fan.
703;2;The lesser known ballad "Please Call Home" and "Don't Keep Me Wonderin'" are also excellent tracks.
703;3;This cd is a great way to revisit the fundamental Allman Brothers music, thirty-five years later...These albums capture a young, hungry, and incredibly tight band that was focused on making records with a good groove.
703;4;The gospel choral shout of "Revival" sits in stark contrast to the haunting and beautiful arrangement of "Midnight Rider" (probably the band's strongest studio track), the extended jazz workout of "In Memory of Elizabeth Reed" and the moving, powerfully sung lost-love tale "Please Call Home."
703;5;This cd is a great way to revisit the fundamental Allman Brothers music, thirty-five years later...These albums capture a young, hungry, and incredibly tight band that was focused on making records with a good groove.
703;6;"Leave My Blues At Home" and their version of "Hoochie Coochie Man", sung by bassist Berry Oakley, are among their best blues tracks.
703;7;The lesser known ballad "Please Call Home" and "Don't Keep Me Wonderin'" are also excellent tracks.
703;8;"Revival" with its memorable melody and its hippie lyrics has become one of their most popular songs.
703;9;The lesser known ballad "Please Call Home" and "Don't Keep Me Wonderin'" are also excellent tracks.
703;10;It's hard to believe but that chorus mixes with the 90-second guitar introduction really, really well, and I love how they throw in keyboards, acoustic guitar and other things in between the chorus near the end of the song.
700;1;"Dear John"is ABSOLUTELY incredible in its account of convincing a"lost"loved one to come TO Him for resolution regardless of their plight...A good point touched on in this song "sets the record straight"on most non-believers skewed view of Salvation being nothing more than a"burdensome"and"strict"lifestyle which is void of any vestige of joy and fun:"It's NOT a list of"dos' and donts",NOT a"RECORD" of your faults
700;2;THIS song is OUTstanding even ON an album REPLETE with exceptional spiritual ballads!!
700;3;"Dear John"is ABSOLUTELY incredible in its account of convincing a"lost"loved one to come TO Him for resolution regardless of their plight...A good point touched on in this song "sets the record straight"on most non-believers skewed view of Salvation being nothing more than a"burdensome"and"strict"lifestyle which is void of any vestige of joy and fun:"It's NOT a list of"dos' and donts",NOT a"RECORD" of your faults
700;4;It is also good for workouts too.
700;5;THIS song is OUTstanding even ON an album REPLETE with exceptional spiritual ballads!!
700;6;THIS song is OUTstanding even ON an album REPLETE with exceptional spiritual ballads!!
700;7;THIS song is OUTstanding even ON an album REPLETE with exceptional spiritual ballads!!
700;8;The lyrics are powerful and heartfelt and the beat on some of the songs are so worshipful you may find it hard to stay seated!
700;9;The songs are fun dance to but at the same time the songs are declaring Jesus Love for us.
700;10;"Dear John"is ABSOLUTELY incredible in its account of convincing a"lost"loved one to come TO Him for resolution regardless of their plight...A good point touched on in this song "sets the record straight"on most non-believers skewed view of Salvation being nothing more than a"burdensome"and"strict"lifestyle which is void of any vestige of joy and fun:"It's NOT a list of"dos' and donts",NOT a"RECORD" of your faults
701;1;Lionel Richie is One of the Greatest Songwriters Ever.this is a Feel Good Album&has alot of good material here.
701;2;Lionel Richie is One of the Greatest Songwriters Ever.this is a Feel Good Album&has alot of good material here.
701;3;Lionel Richie is One of the Greatest Songwriters Ever.this is a Feel Good Album&has alot of good material here.
701;4;Lionel Richie is One of the Greatest Songwriters Ever.this is a Feel Good Album&has alot of good material here.
701;5;Lionel Richie is One of the Greatest Songwriters Ever.this is a Feel Good Album&has alot of good material here.
701;6;Being a baby back in the 80's, I remember this album getting lots of airplay, both on our record player at home, and on the radio stations.
701;7;Another trip down memory lane!
701;8;Another number one hit, the soul and smoothness are just perfect, and the emotion that the song has with it are just inexplaniable.
701;9;If you are in the mood to dance, the part calypso, part funk number "All Night Long" will get you moving.
701;10;There's the love ballads HELLO,STUCK ON YOU,THE ONLY ONE and PENNY LOVER.
698;1;The band did a good job with this one, and the people that give it bad reviews simply don't understand what death metal is all about.
698;2;The band did a good job with this one, and the people that give it bad reviews simply don't understand what death metal is all about.
698;3;The band did a good job with this one, and the people that give it bad reviews simply don't understand what death metal is all about.
698;4;The band did a good job with this one, and the people that give it bad reviews simply don't understand what death metal is all about.
698;5;The band did a good job with this one, and the people that give it bad reviews simply don't understand what death metal is all about.
698;6;The production is almost clean
698;7;The band did a good job with this one, and the people that give it bad reviews simply don't understand what death metal is all about.
698;8;The band did a good job with this one, and the people that give it bad reviews simply don't understand what death metal is all about.
698;9;Another fun fan favorite, with an amazing riff.
698;10;I love how passionately Barnes describes the art of strangulation.
699;1;Overall, you might have to listen to the album several times before you can actually appreciate and enjoy it but I'll recommend it to anyone who wants good music.
699;2;It's worth it...I'm Kevin Mesch.Thanks for Reading.
699;3;It's rare these days to hear an entire album that's good because nowadays some artist just come out with one hit and the rest of the album is trash.
699;4;It's worth it...I'm Kevin Mesch.Thanks for Reading.
699;5;It's worth it...I'm Kevin Mesch.Thanks for Reading.
699;6;It's worth it...I'm Kevin Mesch.Thanks for Reading.
699;7;"Drove Me Wild",talking an even more uptempo look at things is a similarly well arranged dance-rocker as well.
699;8;They're talented artist, they write their own music, and lyrics.
699;9;The album ends with the slower,almost trance dance styled "Now I'm All Messed Up" and the rhythmically slower,and somewhat funkier "Shock To Your System"...  Working symbiotically with Kurstin Tegan and Sara accomplish something here that is a rare feat for modern pop artists looking to the music of the 1980's as a source for musical inspiration.
699;10;As a longtime fan I was very apprehensive getting this record after I wasn't initially impressed with the pre-release video for "Closer", but I got it because I have loved everything else these ladies have done.
696;1;I am very happy that I could get this for a good deal on Amazon and it came in such amazing condition!
696;2;Robby Benson brings a touching mixture of pain and hope to his performance as the Beast.
696;3;I am very happy that I could get this for a good deal on Amazon and it came in such amazing condition!
696;4;I am very happy that I could get this for a good deal on Amazon and it came in such amazing condition!
696;5;I am very happy that I could get this for a good deal on Amazon and it came in such amazing condition!
696;6;I am very happy that I could get this for a good deal on Amazon and it came in such amazing condition!
696;7;I surprised him with this soundtrack and it has been in his car for about 1 week already....
696;8;The music (both the songs with lyrics and the score) is a great reflection of the story line itself: the humor, the romance, the action, and even the sad parts.
696;9;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to the best songs on this soundtrack are all of them.
696;10;I love the beauty and the beast movie and I love the soundtrack even more!
697;1;I bought a good many of them because some but not all I have in vinyl.
697;2;It was the fastest rising LP up till that period...If you were there - in the moment - you will prize these releases with the utmost value and respect.
697;3;I bought a good many of them because some but not all I have in vinyl.
697;4;It was the fastest rising LP up till that period...If you were there - in the moment - you will prize these releases with the utmost value and respect.
697;5;It was the fastest rising LP up till that period...If you were there - in the moment - you will prize these releases with the utmost value and respect.
697;6;It was the fastest rising LP up till that period...If you were there - in the moment - you will prize these releases with the utmost value and respect.
697;7;The CD is great in the car as well as in the CD/DVD drive of my computer.
697;8;It was the fastest rising LP up till that period...If you were there - in the moment - you will prize these releases with the utmost value and respect.
697;9;One of their earlier albums, this includes "I'm a Loser", "I'll Follow the Sun" and the super fun "Everybody's Trying to Be My Baby".
697;10;I love the songs and the new miniature vinyl sleeve.
694;1;It was as good as advertised and she is very happy with it.
694;2;Some great music from a talented group of brothers.
694;3;It was as good as advertised and she is very happy with it.
694;4;Some great music from a talented group of brothers.
694;5;Some great music from a talented group of brothers.
694;6;Some great music from a talented group of brothers.
694;7;Some great music from a talented group of brothers.
694;8;Some great music from a talented group of brothers.
694;9;Full of number 1 hits and fun dance music
694;10;I love the music collection on this album.
695;1;This is without question a blues supergroup and a damn good one.
695;2;This is without question a blues supergroup and a damn good one.
695;3;This is without question a blues supergroup and a damn good one.
695;4;This is without question a blues supergroup and a damn good one.
695;5;This is without question a blues supergroup and a damn good one.
695;6;Hughes, Bonomasa and the rest of the boys have crafted two amazing albums that sound right at home when listening to Led Zeppelin or Deep Purple.
695;7;Hard driving rock music, thoughtful lyrics, the interplay of Glenn Hughes' and Joe Bonamassa's vocals, and outstanding performances from all the band members make this album enjoyable from start to finish.
695;8;Hard driving rock music, thoughtful lyrics, the interplay of Glenn Hughes' and Joe Bonamassa's vocals, and outstanding performances from all the band members make this album enjoyable from start to finish.
695;9;This is without question a blues supergroup and a damn good one.
695;10;With a musical vibe that is reminiscent of '70's era rock, there's a lot to love about this album.
692;1;A different Immortal born since Demonaz  had to leave the band and Abbath took the guitar, that change slower their sound like a 100% they also change their logo...This new Immortal somehow create amazing music totally different to their also so good past albums with Demonaz.
692;2;although this band is a shade slower than many other black metal bands, it still is cool.
692;3;A different Immortal born since Demonaz  had to leave the band and Abbath took the guitar, that change slower their sound like a 100% they also change their logo...This new Immortal somehow create amazing music totally different to their also so good past albums with Demonaz.
692;4;although this band is a shade slower than many other black metal bands, it still is cool.
692;5;If you take the time to read the lyrics, it just shows you how Immortal has matured over the years.
692;6;Next comes "Tyrants" and "Demonium", where as "Tyrants" is a slower song then the firs two tracks, and feautures a cool clean guitar part in the middle.
692;7;'One by One' is the opener, and it gives you a totally vicious thrashing with tons of memorable riffing and some incredibly driven, energetic drumwork.
692;8;Immortal is able to create such wonderful epic music that is just filled with such emotion.
692;9;although this band is a shade slower than many other black metal bands, it still is cool.
692;10;But I love Immortal's Sons of Northern Darkness album.
693;1;It's great to see Reznor happy, in a good space and able to channel all of that positive energy into a new Nine Inch Nails album.
693;2;That isn't bad though, it's actually really nice.
693;3;This is one of those albums that you have to listen to a few times before it hits you just how good it is.
693;4;This is Reznor's best since the Fragile.
693;5;Whether I like something or not, I often enjoy reading the remarks made by others.
693;6;As soon as I got home from work last night I ripped open the plastic and put it in and turned it up...I was actually shocked...in a good way.
693;7;The first release from the album "Came Back Haunted" is driven by big beats and has a dance vibe throughout as well as throwing in a guitar solo at the midway point.
693;8;That isn't bad though, it's actually really nice.
693;9;One of NINs best dance rocker songs.
693;10;I love that I was able to pick it up on Vinyl!
690;1;While these may not be revolutionary lyrics, Butler's compelling style of delivery gives a fantastic sense of desperation, letting his emotions spill out and giving great weight to his words and the music backing it...I believe these changes make "Neon Bible" such a major success for me, as it shows the band developing and adding new influences to an already exceptional sound.
690;2;In many ways, "Intervention" is one of the biggest sounding songs on the release, opening with powerful pipe organ and acoustic guitar before building gradually into a soaring, grandiose piece that's one of the most powerful things the group has ever laid to tape...  From there out, the album veers even more wildly, with the two part "Black Wave / Bad Vibrations" cramming two disparate sounds into one short track.
690;3;Still having two vocalists makes the sound twice as good.
690;4;Still having two vocalists makes the sound twice as good.
690;5;From the first haunting whisper of "Black Mirror" to the powerful fadeout at the end of "My Body is a Cage," Arcade Fire paints a convicting picture of the consequences of America's focus on commercialism.
690;6;It's a listening experience that raises your heartbeat and your body temperature...The production is also clean and more polished than "Funeral" and so the sound is more amicable to my tastes at least.
690;7;After hearing "The Well and the Lighthouse" I got out of my chair, got into my car and drove to the record store.
690;8;While these may not be revolutionary lyrics, Butler's compelling style of delivery gives a fantastic sense of desperation, letting his emotions spill out and giving great weight to his words and the music backing it...I believe these changes make "Neon Bible" such a major success for me, as it shows the band developing and adding new influences to an already exceptional sound.
690;9;A really fun album that takes what the Arcade Fire did in Funeral and matured it to an amazing album!
690;10;I love it when there are lyrical elements that tie an album together and "Neon Bible" has this consistent thread of religious imagery and water imagery throughout the whole album.
691;1;And, hey, part of the fun of a greatest hits collection is debating the missing ones that "should-a"...So enjoy!
691;2;A must buy for 70's music fans, a great collection of music from this era and I really enjoyed it.
691;3;This is a very good collection of 70s music.
691;4;A must buy for 70's music fans, a great collection of music from this era and I really enjoyed it.
691;5;A must buy for 70's music fans, a great collection of music from this era and I really enjoyed it.
691;6;A must buy for 70's music fans, a great collection of music from this era and I really enjoyed it.
691;7;A must buy for 70's music fans, a great collection of music from this era and I really enjoyed it.
691;8;Good lyrics, voices  and music by young groups and soloists expressing their angst  with new sounds of the era, and sexual energy.
691;9;And, hey, part of the fun of a greatest hits collection is debating the missing ones that "should-a"...So enjoy!
691;10;I love it and the choid=ce of music the is on it!
688;1;It brings back memories of the good times I had enjoyed in my youth.
688;2;I love Elvis music and movies i was before my time and died before I was born but I love his music and movie I got this cds for Hawaiian wedding song for my wedding I love the song and love the movie Blue Hawaiian were Elvis song in the movie.
688;3;Having rediscovered it again on DVD, it's still astounding how good Elvis sounded and what a great band he had, particularly James Burton, Ronnie Tutt and the backing vocalists.
688;4;I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys Elvis!
688;5;I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys Elvis!
688;6;the  new cleaned up cd version is  better than  ever cleaner.instrumentals, and separation .
688;7;I was probably driving along with a goofy grin on my face!
688;8;I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys Elvis!
688;9;I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys Elvis!
688;10;I love the talent of Elvis Presley and especially like his gospel and romantic music.
689;1;The song selection is fantastic.
689;2;They showcase some of irelands finest talent.
689;3;As usual this good entertainment regardless of the price.
689;4;They showcase some of irelands finest talent.
689;5;They showcase some of irelands finest talent.
689;6;A CD to take with you in the car and a DVD to watch at home.
689;7;I listen to it frequently in the car and it always puts me in a good mood and takes me back to my trip to Ireland.
689;8;I feel that energy and emotion when listening to the CD.
689;9;Pure fun from beginning to end!
689;10;Loved every minute of the CD/DVD!
653;1;It's so nice to watch him on this DVD and see before your eyes how good he really is in his craft.
653;2;I absolutley love this album the vocals are perfect and the the instrumentals are even better.
653;3;It's so nice to watch him on this DVD and see before your eyes how good he really is in his craft.
653;4;I absolutley love this album the vocals are perfect and the the instrumentals are even better.
653;5;I enjoy listening to Chris Botti while reading or working around the house.
653;6;I enjoy listening to Chris Botti while reading or working around the house.
653;7;We keep it close to the player and take it in the car.
653;8;I absolutley love this album the vocals are perfect and the the instrumentals are even better.
653;9;This album, coupled with any Jane Monheit CD, on shuffle makes a great atmosphere for a nice dinner party.
653;10;I absolutley love this album the vocals are perfect and the the instrumentals are even better.
652;1;The  Spanish tracks are very good and you will enjoy them even if you don't  speak the language.
652;2;In some ways he's a very accomplished lounge singer, but that's really saying something bad.
652;3;Track 11 - "She's been good to me" - English.
652;4;He sings with passion on every single song.
652;5;You need a  magnifying glass to read some of the info in the booklet...but the great  photo of his extraordinary long-fingered hands makes up for it !
652;6;I work nights, and I play this album on my way coming home.
652;7;He sings with passion on every single song.
652;8;On his debut, MARC ANTHONY, he bares his emotions mostly on beautiful ballads.
652;9;Great dance songs and three spanish dance songs including a spanish version of "I NEED TO KNOW" ("DIMELO").
652;10;He's a romantic and it shines through on this album.
655;1;how long will they mourn me-one of the best on the album, the lyrics are really good 5/5.7.
655;2;pour out a little liquor-a classic one of the best on the album, really a 2pac track, has some of the best lyrics 5/5.5.
655;3;how long will they mourn me-one of the best on the album, the lyrics are really good 5/5.7.
655;4;pour out a little liquor-a classic one of the best on the album, really a 2pac track, has some of the best lyrics 5/5.5.
655;5;pour out a little liquor-a classic one of the best on the album, really a 2pac track, has some of the best lyrics 5/5.5.
655;6;pour out a little liquor-a classic one of the best on the album, really a 2pac track, has some of the best lyrics 5/5.5.
655;7;#5  Stay True - 5/5 (Great track to drive along to).
655;8;pour out a little liquor-a classic one of the best on the album, really a 2pac track, has some of the best lyrics 5/5.5.
655;9;On "Volume 1," the songs range from upbeat party songs to more laidback street cuts, as well as a handful of the deep, philosophical cuts that 2Pac so perfected.
655;10;As I turn to Rock and Soul, I'll always come back and love this record.
654;1;great as always good solid album
654;2;great as always good solid album
654;3;It's a great road album, or just a sit back and relax album... It's good to see Tom back to doing what he does best!!
654;4;great as always good solid album
654;5;It has to be said that there are any number of songs that could have appeared on a Cinderella album and at times I had to remind myself this was a Tom Keifer solo project...In a lot of reviews you will read so and so is sounding better than ever, in this case that is actually true given Keifer lost his voice at the end of the Cinderella tour for Heartbreak Station in 1991.
654;6;I'm a metal guy, but this really hit home for me.
654;7;great as always good solid album
654;8;It has more emotion than ever.
654;9;It's just great blues-rock from an American master underrated because he dared to have fun.
654;10;I've always loved the band Cinderella so it's great to hear from new material from Tom.
649;1;Is this album a good starting point for a person wanting to enjoy Wilco.
649;2;Both are good starting points and if you like those then you will probably love this album as well as Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.
649;3;Both are good starting points and if you like those then you will probably love this album as well as Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.
649;4;Both are good starting points and if you like those then you will probably love this album as well as Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.
649;5;Both are good starting points and if you like those then you will probably love this album as well as Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.
649;6;It is a brilliant album, and I can only hope what Wilco will cook up in the future.
649;7;It is full of haunting vocals, long trips into Neil Youngish guitar solos (which is a good thing to me).
649;8;Or the hokeyness of the lyrics and music for "I'm a wheel" which is my least favorite track, but other than that, the album is great.
649;9;A very cool piano groove dances along side some of Stirrat's best bass work, and Tweedy confidently swoons "Theologians/They don't know nothin'/bout my soul."
649;10;Both are good starting points and if you like those then you will probably love this album as well as Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.
648;1;This is the first purchase of his music and I am enjoying it .
648;2;This is the first purchase of his music and I am enjoying it .
648;3;Great Cd...he always delivers with good songs that touch the heart and soul...I will always invest in Mr Brice as he is great on roadtrips
648;4;This is the first purchase of his music and I am enjoying it .
648;5;This is the first purchase of his music and I am enjoying it .
648;6;Quite frankly he came off as just another newer face on an already crowded country landscape...As we watched his performance on TV he really hit a grand slam  home run.
648;7;The singles 'I Drive Your Truck', 'A Woman Like You' and 'Parking Lot Party' are all great.
648;8;Lee Brice's voice is gritty and full of emotion!
648;9;Great tracks include "Hard To Love" (great opening title track), "Parking Lot Party", "Don't Believe Everything You Think", "See About A Girl", "Friends We Won't Forget", "Beer" (fun track with great harmonica) & "On More Day".
648;10;Well written lyrics and rockin country rythms mixed with Lee's great voice, what's not to love!
651;1;Excellent DVD, I really enjoyed it.
651;2;But the tickets were $135 for bad seats and I didn't have the money...Brilliant documentary about the short lived reunion tour with all Five Eagles and featuring their best music both solo and as a band...My Two Personal Favorites:.
651;3;Now, with the passing of Glen Frey, RIP Glenn, I can't seem to get enough of their music, it really soothes the soul and brings back a lot of good memories.
651;4;Yes--it is the Eagles live, raw and at the top of their game
651;5;Yes--it is the Eagles live, raw and at the top of their game
651;6;I love to share these with friends on my big screen home theater and always get the major "Wows" whenever I show them.
651;7;Yes--it is the Eagles live, raw and at the top of their game
651;8;But the tickets were $135 for bad seats and I didn't have the money...Brilliant documentary about the short lived reunion tour with all Five Eagles and featuring their best music both solo and as a band...My Two Personal Favorites:.
651;9;This is really fun to watch the seasoned professionals at work.
651;10;If you like the Eagles, you will love it also as it has a great selection of songs and some great music.
650;1;This album does a pretty good job of getting that point across...The remixes of the songs are fantastic-- the melodies of different songs intertwine wonderfully.
650;2;I'd guess it was recorded in some type of cavernous venue and it has a big, full, vibrant quality and I love the audience and the way it responds to the music.
650;3;The sound quality on this album is particularly good.
650;4;I'd guess it was recorded in some type of cavernous venue and it has a big, full, vibrant quality and I love the audience and the way it responds to the music.
650;5;I'd guess it was recorded in some type of cavernous venue and it has a big, full, vibrant quality and I love the audience and the way it responds to the music.
650;6;Well, in any case, I really love the music, it's great to listen to at home and the Alive discs give me a good feeling for what an electronica concert might be like...The Daft Punk Alive 2007 CD is is overwhelming!
650;7;My sister loves jamming out to this in her car ^_^
650;8;I'd guess it was recorded in some type of cavernous venue and it has a big, full, vibrant quality and I love the audience and the way it responds to the music.
650;9;They're all great, easy to love, and even easier to dance to...If you're a fan of electronic music, you HAVE to buy this.
650;10;I'd guess it was recorded in some type of cavernous venue and it has a big, full, vibrant quality and I love the audience and the way it responds to the music.
645;1;It's my number 1 'stranded on a desert' album choice...I hope you enjoy it.
645;2;My favorites are The Fox (fun and footapping), When You Come Back Down (gorgeous lyrics sung beautifully), Afton (lyrical and lush), The Lighthouse's Tale (beautiful and sad), and Out of the Woods (hopeful and a pleasure to listen to with blended vocals).
645;3;It's just good contemporary harmonies, great songwriting, and something the listener can relate to...If you like country, get this album.
645;4;Another one of the great albums.
645;5;I bought this one a whim after reading excellent reviews and desperately needing new music.
645;6;At a young age Sara Watkins demonstrates one of the most pleasant female voices on the "Country" side of the house, not to mention that she could fiddle Charley Daniel's Devil (the one that went down to Georgia) right into the ground.
645;7;Another one of the great albums.
645;8;This CD has such powerful emotion behind the lyrics and the sounds of the music.
645;9;The virtuosic playing between vocal tracks is thrilling and makes you want to get up and dance around the room!
645;10;Really pleased that I bought this album and highly recommend it for anyone else who loves bluegrass or "newgrass."
644;1;It should be listened to from beginning-to-end the first time through, and is best enjoyed in that format...Oakenfold may have lost his way in recent times (although&nbsp
644;2;As soon as the first track start I was hooked(but that was the same as Magik 4) but what Tranceport does that Magik 4 doesn't is that it got me hooked EVERY SECOND and now I am not making this up I really enjoyed every second.
644;3;And damn it is good and just to know it was made in 1998.
644;4;As soon as the first track start I was hooked(but that was the same as Magik 4) but what Tranceport does that Magik 4 doesn't is that it got me hooked EVERY SECOND and now I am not making this up I really enjoyed every second.
644;5;As soon as the first track start I was hooked(but that was the same as Magik 4) but what Tranceport does that Magik 4 doesn't is that it got me hooked EVERY SECOND and now I am not making this up I really enjoyed every second.
644;6;It's fairly non-commital house music, and with lots of great singles.
644;7;It's perfect for any highway driving as well as 3rd shift or daytime commutes.
644;8;Very hippie style lyrics but also very honest and pure.
644;9;The number one trance cd in the world,and an ESSENTIAL masterpiece for any dance collection.
644;10;Another heart stopper basically mixed to match the psychedelic feel of the previous track, hence the dramatic effects which appeals to almost every age group and proves beyond a doubt that every human being with ears is a romantic at heart...Track 6.
647;1;It is amazing how Eric Clapton always is able to reinvent himself, with style and good productivity.
647;2;His vocals hit the spot, mimicking Satchmo on occasion, and his guitar playing is tasty.
647;3;It is amazing how Eric Clapton always is able to reinvent himself, with style and good productivity.
647;4;His vocals hit the spot, mimicking Satchmo on occasion, and his guitar playing is tasty.
647;5;Clearly, he is the star of this show, and his playing is a perfect fit with the Marsalis band...Reading the set list: do we need another "Layla"?
647;6;His vocals hit the spot, mimicking Satchmo on occasion, and his guitar playing is tasty.
647;7;His vocals hit the spot, mimicking Satchmo on occasion, and his guitar playing is tasty.
647;8;His vocals hit the spot, mimicking Satchmo on occasion, and his guitar playing is tasty.
647;9;This CD has a group of talented musicians having fun doing what they do best.
647;10;I love the fact that the music of New Orleans is being brought out more and more.
646;1;this is a good pop album for any fans to enjoy, did you guys enjoy hey mama?
646;2;This album rides on pure talent, and not on political hype!
646;3;It's smooth and relaxing for some songs, touching and personal for others...then casually uses the F word in tracks that make for dancing about the house.
646;4;This is an awesome cd to listen to, to work to, to drive to, to dance to, to workout to, and is on heavy rotation at my house!
646;5;The Black Eyes Pees certainly used their imagination in coming up with the title "Monkey Business", and each song stays true to the albums title and focuses on the problems facing the misunderstood and endangered African Goat Monkey.
646;6;It's smooth and relaxing for some songs, touching and personal for others...then casually uses the F word in tracks that make for dancing about the house.
646;7;This is an awesome cd to listen to, to work to, to drive to, to dance to, to workout to, and is on heavy rotation at my house!
646;8;Amazing lyrics and amazing beats.
646;9;Also this CD is great for parties with all the dance tracks.
646;10;And since I have played it countless times over the past few weeks, I can honestly say now that it never gets boring, old, or jaded... The true litmus for any outstanding work of art: the more you experience it, the more you love it!
641;1;Give me a break...And enough with the references to The Beatles being the greatest of all time ... Yes they were good, but the greatest?
641;2;The world's source of love gets a big boost from the angel that is Stevie Wonder...standout tracks: If your love cannot be moved, moon blue, passionate raindrops, tell your heart i love you, shelter in the rain, so whats the fuss, positivity, and a time to love.
641;3;I am in love with every song, they bring so much peace and tranquility to my spirit that I can't say enough good things about this project.
641;4;"Moon Blue" contains some of the best vocals of Wonder's career.
641;5;This is a concert I must see and I hope their will be a serious focus on this album because in tracks such as"The Sweetest Somebody I Know"and "My Love Is on Fire" the brilliance just oozes out of his soul.
641;6;"Moon Blue" contains some of the best vocals of Wonder's career.
641;7;My four year old daughter loves Stevie and was thrilled when I picked her up from daycare to hear "What the Fuss" playing in my car.
641;8;All I gotta say is good thing Stevie put the lyrics in the booklet to the CD because I almost had no idea what he was saying.
641;9;He sounds in total control of his voice and is having fun doing it.
641;10;True Love is a very romantic sounding  track.
640;1;I have to sneak away from myself to enjoy something that is simply pure and melodic, something which, in this day and age, puts emotion and beauty first...Well there, I've confessed.
640;2;Her voice is crystal clear, the song selection is superb, and there isn't a bad track on the CD.
640;3;Beautiful voice, beautiful music, calm and relaxing.
640;4;Walking in the Air is hauntingly superb, along with the tear jerking yet uplifting Someday through the classic Don Mclean's Vincent make this a must have in your diverse collection.
640;5;Walking in the Air is hauntingly superb, along with the tear jerking yet uplifting Someday through the classic Don Mclean's Vincent make this a must have in your diverse collection.
640;6;EVERYONE should have this CD in their home!
640;7;Walking in the Air is hauntingly superb, along with the tear jerking yet uplifting Someday through the classic Don Mclean's Vincent make this a must have in your diverse collection.
640;8;Her personality really comes through in her beautifully smooth and lyric voice.
640;9;Walking in the Air is hauntingly superb, along with the tear jerking yet uplifting Someday through the classic Don Mclean's Vincent make this a must have in your diverse collection.
640;10;I love Chloe in Celtic Woman but she has such an amazing and angelic voice!
643;1;very good item, it's Elvis.
643;2;This CD is wonderful put together, all his most big Hits.
643;3;very good item, it's Elvis.
643;4;This CD is wonderful put together, all his most big Hits.
643;5;This CD is wonderful put together, all his most big Hits.
643;6;I had to give up on the idea to play the two CDs as background music as I worked around the house -- I simply could not do anything but listen to this incredible voice sing the most beautiful love songs you'll ever hear.
643;7;The songs on here are some of his best and I'm even thinking of getting a second one to keep in the car to play, since I can't seem to part with the one I keep in my condo to play - LOL!!
643;8;This CD is wonderful put together, all his most big Hits.
643;9;This CD is wonderful put together, all his most big Hits.
643;10;I love the talent of Elvis Presley and especially like his gospel and romantic music.
642;1;Ringo is having a good time doing the album and it shows, besides he got a litte help from his friends.................enjoy
642;2;On two songs John, George and Ringo perform together - not bad.
642;3;Ringo is having a good time doing the album and it shows, besides he got a litte help from his friends.................enjoy
642;4;The song has great backs up with Martha Reeves, Merry Clayton and Friends.
642;5;The song has great backs up with Martha Reeves, Merry Clayton and Friends.
642;6;The song has great backs up with Martha Reeves, Merry Clayton and Friends.
642;7;The song has great backs up with Martha Reeves, Merry Clayton and Friends.
642;8;George's Sunshine Life For Me is in my oppinion he album's low point, but Harris sure gave something worthy to Ringo by co-writing Photograph and the masterful closure You And Me, original and melancolic, with sweet lyrics, it's Ringo's very personal greetings to his fans, like if the album was a live show, he's talkin' to his crowd of fans and friends to thank us for listening.
642;9;"Oh My My" is another comic sounding rocker that is pure fun as a truly boogie tune as Ringo sings "Then my doctor said to me, can you boogie can you slide, Oh my my, Oh my, my, you can do it if you try".
642;10;I love that sax, too!
668;1;I especially enjoyed the track in which she sings to the second movement of Beethoven's seventh symphony ("Figlio Perduto" which means "lost son").
668;2;... At the end, you will be surprised with the energizing and refreshingly sad: "Time to Say Good bye"!
668;3;This is a good CD to relax to.
668;4;I especially enjoyed the track in which she sings to the second movement of Beethoven's seventh symphony ("Figlio Perduto" which means "lost son").
668;5;I especially enjoyed the track in which she sings to the second movement of Beethoven's seventh symphony ("Figlio Perduto" which means "lost son").
668;6;Take a copy of Classics home with you and experience the thrill I did.
668;7;My husband and I traveled from Austin, TX, to Dallas last year to hear Sarah perform live at Smirnoff's for her "La Luna" concert and did not regret one minute of the trip.
668;8;It also includes other great songs such as La Luna (original music by Dvorak), La Wally (Opera Version of "A Question of Honour") and of course, Time To Say goodbye...The booklet that comes inside has many beautiful pictures of Sarah and excerpts from  the lyrics of the songs.
668;9;For example, I'm usually a more pop, dance, rock guy myself.
668;10;I have always had a profound love for that particular symphony (especially the second movement) and Sarah's excellent rendition of this classic brought it back to life for me and made me appreciate it even more.
669;1;I'm so glad that I got to attend a couple of the shows from this tour, and this DVD is a gorgeous reminder of how good the shows were and how fantastic this band STILL is...I was very pleased with how well it is filmed, it looks stunning.
669;2;This is by far the best sound and image quality in any Rush concert (and the other ones are not really too bad)...The song set list is really interesting, including a good portion of new songs from their latest studio album, Snakes and Arrows, the classic hits like Tom Sawyer, The Spirit of Radio, 2112 and Limelight, and the long lost gems like Circumstances, A Passage to Bangkok, and Ghost of a Chance.
669;3;This is by far the best sound and image quality in any Rush concert (and the other ones are not really too bad)...The song set list is really interesting, including a good portion of new songs from their latest studio album, Snakes and Arrows, the classic hits like Tom Sawyer, The Spirit of Radio, 2112 and Limelight, and the long lost gems like Circumstances, A Passage to Bangkok, and Ghost of a Chance.
669;4;I'm sure they are more fun to create though.
669;5;What makes this DVD Really special is the camera work, they focus on the boys playing and on stage interaction.
669;6;Every instrument is clear and powerful, both crisp and punchy at the same time, and they sound excellent in both the car and at home.
669;7;In the car, when choosing the surround option, I have noticed that Geddy's bass sound stands out in a way where his tone is particularly distinguishable and it is positively perfect.
669;8;And considering that Rush is my all time favorite band (actually had the privilege/luck of meeting them during their "Moving Pictures" tour back in the day), this makes it just that much sweeter...There are some songs that the band played on this tour that I've really missed (Entre Nous, Mission, Circumstances come to mind)... Neil's lyrics have such meaning, he's got such a gift!
669;9;I'm sure they are more fun to create though.
669;10;What a great keepsake of a brilliant tour...I do have a couple of things that I need to mention.
670;1;Enjoying the music all in one the best.
670;2;Prince sings and plays like no other,he delivers an infectious beat and redefined the terms funky and *bad*.
670;3;Prince sings and plays like no other,he delivers an infectious beat and redefined the terms funky and *bad*.
670;4;This Hits 2 collection appeals on a personal and a general level.
670;5;This Hits 2 collection appeals on a personal and a general level.
670;6;This Hits 2 collection appeals on a personal and a general level.
670;7;This Hits 2 collection appeals on a personal and a general level.
670;8;The lyrics are interesting to say the least,and leave the Blood Hound Gang gasping,and *Purple Rain* ,in my humble opinion is as memorable as anything produced by the Beatles,Jimi Hendrix,or whoever.
670;9;A mixed a cool dance and a few slow jam songs.
670;10;A good greatest hits cd with a couple of new tracks which are also very good.
671;1;If this album does anything good, hopefully two of those things will be being a commercial success and restoring the reputation of a great, unfairly undervalued rock band who have not worked together since 2001...Any idea that a band reforms and decides to make a retro record opens themselves to ridicule.
671;2;It's sad to see the creation that velvet revolver was disolve, but it's great to see the energy channeled back into this album.
671;3;If this album does anything good, hopefully two of those things will be being a commercial success and restoring the reputation of a great, unfairly undervalued rock band who have not worked together since 2001...Any idea that a band reforms and decides to make a retro record opens themselves to ridicule.
671;4;If this album does anything good, hopefully two of those things will be being a commercial success and restoring the reputation of a great, unfairly undervalued rock band who have not worked together since 2001...Any idea that a band reforms and decides to make a retro record opens themselves to ridicule.
671;5;If this album does anything good, hopefully two of those things will be being a commercial success and restoring the reputation of a great, unfairly undervalued rock band who have not worked together since 2001...Any idea that a band reforms and decides to make a retro record opens themselves to ridicule.
671;6;He has been through so much since the release of Core and I have to give him credit for cleaning up and helping make this a fantastic rock record!!!
671;7;While the muscular, grunge driven guitars are gone, the replacement of tight grooves and exceptional vocals by Scott Weiland more than compensate.
671;8;I want to listen to an album that is bathed with strong, vibrant melodies, chugging, colorful rhythm sections and lyrics espousing love, life and yearning.
671;9;But, it's fun..."Dare if you Dare" I think is the best song on the album.
671;10;I want to listen to an album that is bathed with strong, vibrant melodies, chugging, colorful rhythm sections and lyrics espousing love, life and yearning.
664;1;This is a good CD/mp3.
664;2;he continues too with world and ambient experiments.
664;3;This is a good CD/mp3.
664;4;"Rollin' And Tumblin' gets a back to the roots classic rock approach like the Jeff of the Beck, Bogart, Appice period with the vocals handled by a new young  British singer Imogen Heap who's whiskey dry voice is the perfect fuel to this powerhouse workout.
664;5;he continues too with world and ambient experiments.
664;6;he continues too with world and ambient experiments.
664;7;And Loose Cannon and Rosebud have compelling driving force behind the melody.
664;8;Nadia and Suspension are awesome in any category.of instrumental music... Like all my reviews on instrumental guitar music.Im going by what I feel is music that evokes emotion and inspiration.
664;9;I have always liked Jeff Beck, from his early days with The Yardbirds, to his days with Rod Stewart and Ron Wood, to his Jazz-Fusion days (which I still think is his best stuff), to his days of playing Guitar and just having fun, like on this item.
664;10;Although If you.are you will love it.
665;1;Amazed 6/5- I'm amazed, very good riffs, chorus...Change the World 5/5- Good chorus and riffs
665;2;There is true pain expressed in the lyrics of  "Gone Away".
665;3;Amazed 6/5- I'm amazed, very good riffs, chorus...Change the World 5/5- Good chorus and riffs
665;4;I think that this one is the best Offspring CD that they have made yet.
665;5;I think that this one is the best Offspring CD that they have made yet.
665;6;I think that this one is the best Offspring CD that they have made yet.
665;7;I think that this one is the best Offspring CD that they have made yet.
665;8;I Choose 6/5- Cool lyrics, riffs and chorus.
665;9;Although no song here really can match the catchyness of 'Come Out and Play', or 'Self Esteem', they are great fun to listen to.
665;10;There is more variety in this album in terms of flavor than  there was in the past couple of albums.
666;1;Steve does some great hard rock songs as well as good ballads on this CD.
666;2;Steve Perry is one of the greatest Male singers of all time.
666;3;Steve does some great hard rock songs as well as good ballads on this CD.
666;4;Steve Perry is one of the greatest Male singers of all time.
666;5;Steve Perry is one of the greatest Male singers of all time.
666;6;Steve Perry is one of the greatest Male singers of all time.
666;7;I have this in my car right now!
666;8;Steve Perry is one of the greatest Male singers of all time.
666;9;Have fun with this one.
666;10;Love it and it was great
667;1;Well, after I came to...I stumbled back inside the main theater back to my seat to watch that lithograph artist put on an amazing show all by his lonesome with only a acoustic guitar and his voice performing these fantastic songs you can now enjoy  on this disc.
667;2;Thirteen of these selections were performed in Grass Valley and as watching Richard in concert is so great and fun (Yup, even the bad jokes!)
667;3;There are already enough very good, detailed reviews here to make another redundant, but I will say that I think these are generally very fine versions of some of RT's great songs of the last four decades.
667;4;Seriously, this is a must buy to hear one of the greatest guitarists and songwriters of our time.
667;5;Normally, that wouldn't be a big factor for me, but seeing as how this is sort of a "greatest hits" retrospective --- albeit new versions --- it would have been nice to read some recollections or comments by Thompson himself, perhaps shedding some further light on the origin of, or the inspiration for, these songs.
667;6;The sound in clean and robust, and the guitar work, is nothing short of extraordinary.
667;7;This is the best CD I have come across in 2014  (so far)  and I didn't sell my car as I'm gonna need it to travel to the next Richard Thompson show when he passes through on the next tour on my side of the map.
667;8;Thirteen of these selections were performed in Grass Valley and as watching Richard in concert is so great and fun (Yup, even the bad jokes!)
667;9;Thirteen of these selections were performed in Grass Valley and as watching Richard in concert is so great and fun (Yup, even the bad jokes!)
667;10;If you love his other recordings of these classics, you will love this set.
660;1;I am really enjoying this item tremendously.
660;2;I am really enjoying this item tremendously.
660;3;There are some great slow tunes and some really great upbeat ones, too...good variety.
660;4;I am really enjoying this item tremendously.
660;5;I am really enjoying this item tremendously.
660;6;I am really enjoying this item tremendously.
660;7;All Their Great Songs, I could drive for miles listening!
660;8;I am really enjoying this item tremendously.
660;9;I am really enjoying this item tremendously.
660;10;I like so many of the songs on this cd, that it's hard to narrow it down, but I really liked Shine On and Love Ballad...I loved these as a kid, too...I guess I'm just a true romantic at heart.
661;1;Alex tops it all of with a good solo...Alone in the Dark starts with melodic guitar playing, which soon gets heavier.
661;2;It's too bad this album was badly produced, but amazingly you can still hear Greg's booms...This is an excellent start for anyone who is looking for some hardcore THRASH!
661;3;Alex tops it all of with a good solo...Alone in the Dark starts with melodic guitar playing, which soon gets heavier.
661;4;Louie's drumming on here is some of his best on the album, fast and crushing!
661;5;Louie's drumming on here is some of his best on the album, fast and crushing!
661;6;Vocal is kinda clean voice,.
661;7;Louie's drumming on here is some of his best on the album, fast and crushing!
661;8;This is partially due to the band's un-Satanic lyrics.
661;9;Great music for a Halloween party, with all the occult lyrics and the creeping guitar sounds (with amazing solos played by the extreemly underrated Alex Skolnick).
661;10;I love Thrash Metal, and Testament has to be one of the greatest bands in thrash along with Metallica, Slayer, and Megadeth.
662;1;And for those that might argue the truth is even when he was with his family they averaged about 3 or 4 good songs per album
662;2;I know very well who I am talking about and expect this out of El, but usually only for 3 maybe 4 songs and  Not 10 (there were 3 songs that were okay, not bad just not great).
662;3;I know very well who I am talking about and expect this out of El, but usually only for 3 maybe 4 songs and  Not 10 (there were 3 songs that were okay, not bad just not great).
662;4;Of all El DeBarge's cd's (el debarge, gemini, in the storm, heart mind and soul), and I've listened to all of them and really only three consistently over 20 years I will say this is the best solo effort he has given.
662;5;Of all El DeBarge's cd's (el debarge, gemini, in the storm, heart mind and soul), and I've listened to all of them and really only three consistently over 20 years I will say this is the best solo effort he has given.
662;6;Of all El DeBarge's cd's (el debarge, gemini, in the storm, heart mind and soul), and I've listened to all of them and really only three consistently over 20 years I will say this is the best solo effort he has given.
662;7;In short what surprised me was to hear El's timing and command over songs with strong bass driven beats (I expect him to rule over the piano) when he was singing lyrics that overlapped his voice with more lyrics and the lyrics were deeply heartfelt, romantic and spiritual at times lyrics.
662;8;Beautiful instrumentation, arrangements, lyrics and voice.
662;9;Of all El DeBarge's cd's (el debarge, gemini, in the storm, heart mind and soul), and I've listened to all of them and really only three consistently over 20 years I will say this is the best solo effort he has given.
662;10;El DeBarge's music is as smooth and soulful as it ever was and the music is brand new with a touch of the vintage style we have all come to know and love.
663;1;well as mentioned in the last rating I love styx and this is an oldie but goodie and I really enjoy it so all is good
663;2;This hasn't a bad song on it and is a really solid in every regard.
663;3;I figured with a cover that cool it must be good.
663;4;Great gift of 'oldies' from the 70s and 80s.
663;5;Great gift of 'oldies' from the 70s and 80s.
663;6;Just listen to it , go see this great band and you will see why they still pack the house every night on tour.
663;7;Great gift of 'oldies' from the 70s and 80s.
663;8;This hasn't a bad song on it and is a really solid in every regard.
663;9;So much fun to listen to, a variety of music to keep you interested.
663;10;I have always loved this album, and its the only one that I like every song on.
656;1;This is the type of album that is so good that you remember who you were with what you were doing, etc. the first time you heard it.
656;2;The song, Paradise is wonderful, so sad and beautiful.
656;3;This is the type of album that is so good that you remember who you were with what you were doing, etc. the first time you heard it.
656;4;The song, Paradise is wonderful, so sad and beautiful.
656;5;Read the former sentence slowly and carefully.
656;6;The song, Paradise is wonderful, so sad and beautiful.
656;7;The rest though I enjoy hearing...I highly recommend this c.d. if you're into piano- driven musicians and I also recommend her sophmore album Harmonium.
656;8;The song, Paradise is wonderful, so sad and beautiful.
656;9;I love this track, phenomenal...Paradise sounds like Rinse but it is such an epic ballad that talks about having one more day in paradise, hence the title...Starting off with an experimental drum beat/riff, Prince could be mistaken for a experimental dance track.
656;10;I love this track, phenomenal...Paradise sounds like Rinse but it is such an epic ballad that talks about having one more day in paradise, hence the title...Starting off with an experimental drum beat/riff, Prince could be mistaken for a experimental dance track.
657;1;Its about the emotions hes exploring and it was nice to hear him explore the emotions of hope and unity for a change.
657;2;Sometime back in 2002/03, I purchased 'Wonder What's Next' because I heard the two singles Send the Pain Below and The Red.
657;3;Good luck with that folks.
657;4;The two main singles from this, Take Out the Gunman and Hunter Eats Hunter, are probably the best songs to get a hint as to what is to come.
657;5;It is incredibly heavy--maybe the heaviest on the album--and sees the band, as a whole, playing some of their most focused, driving, and forceful beats to date.
657;6;The two main singles from this, Take Out the Gunman and Hunter Eats Hunter, are probably the best songs to get a hint as to what is to come.
657;7;It is incredibly heavy--maybe the heaviest on the album--and sees the band, as a whole, playing some of their most focused, driving, and forceful beats to date.
657;8;Its about the emotions hes exploring and it was nice to hear him explore the emotions of hope and unity for a change.
657;9;The two main singles from this, Take Out the Gunman and Hunter Eats Hunter, are probably the best songs to get a hint as to what is to come.
657;10;I just love how the guitar chords absolutely crack your ribs, probably why I'm such a fan of theirs.
658;1;They are one of the iconic groups for their time period and this collection is a pretty good representation of who they were as a band.
658;2;I love it its a great vinyl album, even with the b side music that I never heard before.
658;3;They are one of the iconic groups for their time period and this collection is a pretty good representation of who they were as a band.
658;4;I love it its a great vinyl album, even with the b side music that I never heard before.
658;5;I love it its a great vinyl album, even with the b side music that I never heard before.
658;6;Great  collection from Mr. Mojo risin'........His  childhood home  is just down Candelaria here in Albuquerque NM...
658;7;This is a nice car CD that happens to have caught the most known of The Doors' catalogue culled from those albums in 1972.
658;8;I love it its a great vinyl album, even with the b side music that I never heard before.
658;9;I love it its a great vinyl album, even with the b side music that I never heard before.
658;10;I love it its a great vinyl album, even with the b side music that I never heard before.
659;1;The songs are light and fun, and this is one of those CDs that I can listen to and instantly find myself in a good mood because of this calming music.
659;2;Not bad, but not outstanding...Your Song - I personally believe she sounds better when not performing acoustic solos (which this song is).
659;3;Her voice is beautiful, her imagery is fresh, and while she writes about relationships, she does so in creative ways that show that good songwriting is still possible in the world of pop music.
659;4;Would love her to really embrace electronic and especially dub step, she has the perfect vibe to hit that.
659;5;Don't forget to read the lyrics of all these songs...Tracks that I love right now: "Guns and Horses", "Under The Sheets", "Wish I Stayed" and the beautiful "Salt Skin".
659;6;Good to work out to, fun to clean house by, and all around fun to listen to.
659;7;This is an upbeat album that is really fun to listen to in my car - She is rather good...
659;8;It's the perfect thing to autotune...The Writer - A slow, soft song with very powerful emotion.
659;9;I bought it after hearing a remix of Starry Eyed and have ended up loving the album...Lights, is a collection of well crafted dance pop songs speckled with a those little sonic surprises along the way that make the difference in electronic music.
659;10;Would love her to really embrace electronic and especially dub step, she has the perfect vibe to hit that.
747;1;Sure Alan Jackson, Brooks & Dunn, and many on the radio are great but Kris, Willie, Johnny, and Waylon will hold a place as all time good, good, good!
747;2;"Highwayman" and "Desperadoes Waiting for a Train" are the best songs on this CD.
747;3;Sure Alan Jackson, Brooks & Dunn, and many on the radio are great but Kris, Willie, Johnny, and Waylon will hold a place as all time good, good, good!
747;4;"Highwayman" and "Desperadoes Waiting for a Train" are the best songs on this CD.
747;5;"Highwayman" and "Desperadoes Waiting for a Train" are the best songs on this CD.
747;6;"Highwayman" and "Desperadoes Waiting for a Train" are the best songs on this CD.
747;7;"Highwayman" and "Desperadoes Waiting for a Train" are the best songs on this CD.
747;8;"Highwayman" and "Desperadoes Waiting for a Train" are the best songs on this CD.
747;9;"Highwayman" and "Desperadoes Waiting for a Train" are the best songs on this CD.
747;10;Love this group, they sing our history, our present and our future!
746;1;This is great mood music with a combination of torch songs, a couple of uptempo cuts and a fantastic, and underrated, instrumental.
746;2;Funny how listening to sad songs when you're alone can actually be uplifting!
746;3;"Tar Baby", "Maureen" and PROMISE's second hit single "Never As Good As The First Time" (how prophetic a title)  are a bit less emotional and purging than most of the other songs on here, and may be the best ones to listen to first for any new fans to Sade.
746;4;In both English and Spanish, she tells the story of a matador's wife who fears her husband's sport might lead to his death.
746;5;as we were.transfixed by the precision arrangement and the understated.but singularly powerful vocal performance was read....in a style much like the great Billie Holiday, in.that you don't have to have a huge vocal range.to rock the masses!
746;6;Sade's penchant and affection for down on their luck women, begun with "Diamond Life's" "Sally", continues with "Jezebel", where Sade sings "When she learned how to walk, she learned how to bring the house down".
746;7;Yes it's Ms. Au's vocals that are haunting an memorable but it's the groups music that gives them their controlled emptional sound.
746;8;The lyrics are rich, raw, and intimate, and the music is accordingly light enough (it could almost be called "porous" at times) to not overpower the emotion of the words.
746;9;"Maureen" is a lively, touching yet still fun tribute to a departed friend.
746;10;This is great mood music with a combination of torch songs, a couple of uptempo cuts and a fantastic, and underrated, instrumental.
745;1;As is true with pretty much all Pink Floyd and Roger Waters albums, this album needs to be heard from start to finish to truly understand, but it is more than worth it as Roger's incredible ability to convey his emotions is so good it is overwhelming.
745;2;But the clich that pain produces passion is true, and this period was amongst the most creative of Waters' career...If Waters was exorcising his personal demons through his music, then Pros is where a lot of them collected.
745;3;David Sanborn is the man he chose on this album, and what a good choice it is.
745;4;Having been a Pink Floyd fan even back then, I found Pros and Cons of Hitchhiking a departure from much of the work that came before but still a thought-provoking hallucinagenic tale accented by Eric Clapton's excellent guitar work.
745;5;Being able to read some of the things that are a little hard to hear clearly while listening to the cd defintely adds to the overall experience of appreciating this album...My favorite tracks on here are...well, it's hard to narrow it down.
745;6;Having been a Pink Floyd fan even back then, I found Pros and Cons of Hitchhiking a departure from much of the work that came before but still a thought-provoking hallucinagenic tale accented by Eric Clapton's excellent guitar work.
745;7;A favorite to listen to when I drive.
745;8;The lyrics by Roger Waters are poetic and written at the height of his writing powers.
745;9;That being said, the title track (which was the closest thing to a hit from this album) is always a lot of fun to hear.
745;10;If you have not listened to it and like and love Clapton , is a must ... and if U like Waters is another must .
744;1;And it's true...women look  so good in black!
744;2;There are no bad songs on this album and the variation will always keep it interesting
744;3;And it's true...women look  so good in black!
744;4;Perhaps my most favorite song on Black Celebration is New Dress because it deals with the celebrity worship culture
744;5;A fantastic album more focussed on ballads and this is not a bad thing.
744;6;For instance, the title track is an admiration of seeing good even in the darkest days, "I can feel your warmth and it feels like home," sounds like a good-day sentiment from "Here Is the House," and more importantly, there's "But Not Tonight."
744;7;It is arguably the perfect song to listen to when  one is feeling melancholic and driving alone at two o'clock in the morning.
744;8;Feel Martin's heartfelt  lyrics, David's silky-powerful vocals, and Alan's brilliant arrangements at  their best.
744;9;I can see myself dancing to this music in a dark gothc club  amidst cloves and incense and purple, green, and black strobe lights.
744;10;And I love Black Celebration!
751;1;Brings back those good ole days!
751;2;This is right out of my era.
751;3;Brings back those good ole days!
751;4;This is right out of my era.
751;5;This is right out of my era.
751;6;This is right out of my era.
751;7;this is a good cd,  i only wanted the title song  their most popular ,  so i was pleased with the other songs ,  a trip down memory lane
751;8;Great love songs with strong lyrics.
751;9;This is right out of my era.
751;10;The Manhattans were a smooth soul group, every song on this cd is great, music and singing pure love.
750;1;He has enjoyed it and brought back fun memories!
750;2;But add in other hits and it was well worth the additional cost.
750;3;The production quality is very good as well.
750;4;But add in other hits and it was well worth the additional cost.
750;5;Bands who want to study how to write catchy tunes are better off accessing the sixties and seventies, as pure pop music enjoyed its most artistic period, probably never to be duplicated.
750;6;But add in other hits and it was well worth the additional cost.
750;7;But I did have a car radio and it was always on wherever I went and I had a great feed on that wonderful late 60s' music.
750;8;But add in other hits and it was well worth the additional cost.
750;9;He has enjoyed it and brought back fun memories!
750;10;This one takes me back to the sixties and I love it!
749;1;I don't think he and Crazy Horse were ever as good again.
749;2;"I'm Wonderin'" played here didn't appear on an LP until "Everybody's Rockin'", and "Cowgirl in the Sand" has an enjoyably funkier feel to it.
749;3;I don't think he and Crazy Horse were ever as good again.
749;4;"I'm Wonderin'" played here didn't appear on an LP until "Everybody's Rockin'", and "Cowgirl in the Sand" has an enjoyably funkier feel to it.
749;5;I've never heard a guitar jam focus on emotion as much as this one does, and this includes everything else Neil Young and Crazy Horse have released up to this point in time (at least, the songs that I've heard- remember, I'm not a Neil Young fanboy so I haven't heard everything)...Alright, perhaps some of Frank Zappa's guitar jams present the same kind of emotional beauty, but this... wow, THIS version of "Cowgirl in the Sand" is a flawless performance.
749;6;"I'm Wonderin'" played here didn't appear on an LP until "Everybody's Rockin'", and "Cowgirl in the Sand" has an enjoyably funkier feel to it.
749;7;Great to hear the bass travelling up and down while Neil goes for it and gets it.
749;8;I couldn't care less that many guitarists can play more notes faster -  his guitar work here is excellent expression of emotion.
749;9;"I'm Wonderin'" played here didn't appear on an LP until "Everybody's Rockin'", and "Cowgirl in the Sand" has an enjoyably funkier feel to it.
749;10;Look at the line up at the Fillmore & as for Neil & "The Horse", I love them & Neil throughout his absolutely astonishing & ongoing career.
748;1;Almost all are good (let's be honest there are a couple weak tracks) but "Hey Young World" "Children's Story" "Indian Girl" and the much underlooked "The Moment I Feared" are all classics that still take their place as some of the best written hip-hop songs ever.
748;2;Get this classic if you haven't already.
748;3;Almost all are good (let's be honest there are a couple weak tracks) but "Hey Young World" "Children's Story" "Indian Girl" and the much underlooked "The Moment I Feared" are all classics that still take their place as some of the best written hip-hop songs ever.
748;4;Get this classic if you haven't already.
748;5;Get this classic if you haven't already.
748;6;But I still think this is better,and it always was...I think Run DMC first lp was a home run but The Great Adventures knocced it out the park.
748;7;I copped this when I was 11 years old and it still gets regular rotation in my car some 18 years later.
748;8;Lyrics and Subject Matter: Thumbs way, way up.
748;9;"Let's Get Crazy" is a solid 80's party jam & battle raps fly on "Lick the Balls".
748;10;Almost all are good (let's be honest there are a couple weak tracks) but "Hey Young World" "Children's Story" "Indian Girl" and the much underlooked "The Moment I Feared" are all classics that still take their place as some of the best written hip-hop songs ever.
739;1;This is a really good album for people who enjoy Bobby Bare.
739;2;He has an amazing voice.
739;3;I can barely believe how good the cd is.
739;4;He has an amazing voice.
739;5;He has an amazing voice.
739;6;Bobby Bare has a smooth clean voice on the album free of over dubbing & unneeded,accompanyment.
739;7;He has an amazing voice.
739;8;He has an amazing voice.
739;9;good party sounds, dance tunes...great voice this Bobby Bare has
739;10;This CD does a great job of including the hits of his that we all know and love.
738;1;This is one of the more raucous of  his releases, if you want something a little more laid-back, but still very  good, try his self-titled release.
738;2;5/5.10) Echo - a sad seeming song/eerie with cool guitar and great riffs, this one stirs up even more emotions then circles did.
738;3;This is one of the more raucous of  his releases, if you want something a little more laid-back, but still very  good, try his self-titled release.
738;4;Echo is a great rockin' tune, along with  Circles.
738;5;Watch the concert and then read the liner notes - you will be blown away.
738;6;It's more subdued than some of the faster songs on here, and features a "brown sound" lead guitar tone comparable to Van Halen, soloing with lush melodies over a clean rhythm section.
738;7;Echo is a great rockin' tune, along with  Circles.
738;8;5/5.10) Echo - a sad seeming song/eerie with cool guitar and great riffs, this one stirs up even more emotions then circles did.
738;9;This is a awesome cd it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
738;10;I love this whole album
737;1;Also included is a cardboard square replica of the original vinyl centre circle and another insert with all the lyrics in Japanese and English in a bigger font...This album, their second, is a real treat too as the 4 Richard Carpenter originals are pretty good with "Crescent Noon" being a real standout and I enjoyed "Mr. Guder" as well as the instrumental jazzy "Another Song".
737;2;"Close to You" is probably the most complete LP they put together.
737;3;Also included is a cardboard square replica of the original vinyl centre circle and another insert with all the lyrics in Japanese and English in a bigger font...This album, their second, is a real treat too as the 4 Richard Carpenter originals are pretty good with "Crescent Noon" being a real standout and I enjoyed "Mr. Guder" as well as the instrumental jazzy "Another Song".
737;4;"Close to You" is probably the most complete LP they put together.
737;5;"Close to You" is probably the most complete LP they put together.
737;6;"Close to You" is probably the most complete LP they put together.
737;7;"Close to You" is probably the most complete LP they put together.
737;8;Also included is a cardboard square replica of the original vinyl centre circle and another insert with all the lyrics in Japanese and English in a bigger font...This album, their second, is a real treat too as the 4 Richard Carpenter originals are pretty good with "Crescent Noon" being a real standout and I enjoyed "Mr. Guder" as well as the instrumental jazzy "Another Song".
737;9;"Close to You" is probably the most complete LP they put together.
737;10;I love every song on this album.
736;1;I think Driftwood is my favorite track but they are all very, very good.
736;2;a powerfully addictive album that showcases the skills of a band that seems to combine some of the best qualities of Radiohead and Dave Matthews - while leaving out the bad behaviors and formulaic leanings of an Oasis...Scotland produced a fine band, indeed.
736;3;I think Driftwood is my favorite track but they are all very, very good.
736;4;I think Driftwood is my favorite track but they are all very, very good.
736;5;Focusing primarily on the early songs, they brought all-but-two songs from "The Man Who", with lots of great stories how the songs came about.
736;6;Driftwood - 4/5 - `home is where the heart is / but your heart had to roam': one of the great lines within the song.
736;7;Just great music, from start to finish...Best tracks are Writing to Reach You (has a Wonderwall feel to it, and even references it in the lyrics), Turn, Driftwood and Luv...This cd is perfect for a long drive in the car, or just playing as background music if you're doing chores around the house.
736;8;It's not the best of all time, but the lyrics are quite amazing.
736;9;I think Driftwood is my favorite track but they are all very, very good.
736;10;I have also recommended this to several friends who differ a lot in musical taste, and EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM absolutely loved it.
743;1;It will take a good getting used to before you fall in love with this album.
743;2;The best songs are "Rush," a sexually charged romp that bites your heart and burns angry tears of passion-and also, "One Caress"  which is the most beautiful sweet, delicate, sad melody that just glitters from the whole album.
743;3;It will take a good getting used to before you fall in love with this album.
743;4;His attitude towards the unknown was revealed in a very special way back in 1984 on Blasphemous Rumors, a truly beautiful song.
743;5;There's a very strong sense of self-loathing, and tension within the album and it showcased the tension that would ultimately result in Alan Wilder calling it quits with the band in 1995 to focus on Recoil.
743;6;To say that this record ruined the band wouldn't be completely accurate, Dave Gahan became clean in 1997 and the band still continue to make records to this day.
743;7;And the DTS and 5.1 Surround Sound found on the DVD is sure to be a trip you will take again and again, with amazing clarity.
743;8;They really add to the theme of the album and coupled with the lyrics they really bring the emotion out...Lyrically the theme of this album is not all that different from Violator, but once I hear that grunge influence in the sound, this album affects me like no other Depeche Mode album does.
743;9;It's a fairly repetative song with a great beat that is fun to move to.
743;10;Again, most often his exposure reflects upon the areas of body love.
742;1;Some songs explore  emotions which are very subtle, and hard to describe.
742;2;Happy, sad, beautiful, gorgeous, scary, strong, full, rich, pationate, delicious, lush...It is, it was and it will be....These are some of the words, thoughts and feelings that come to mind thinking of this.
742;3;Just good ambient by this fellow.
742;4;An excellent album to fall asleep or  chill out to, my favorite track is #5 on the first disc.
742;5;It's different, and I knew it would be, so i  listened to it before bed, and while practicing a focusing meditation.
742;6;i went home from work and did the above thing, with the sweatshirt and sweatpants.
742;7;Drive across the great plains at night and listen to this.
742;8;Some songs explore  emotions which are very subtle, and hard to describe.
742;9;My next futur buy is a drum machine so i can really start having fun in the ambient, trance music making business.
742;10;I know that you are a great musician and I loved you book "Ocean of Sound", but you are NOT the father of ambient.
741;1;The sound is also good, considering the age of the music.
741;2;#6 I count the tears, 1960.
741;3;The sound is also good, considering the age of the music.
741;4;#6 I count the tears, 1960.
741;5;#6 I count the tears, 1960.
741;6;#24 I'll take you home, 1963.
741;7;#6 I count the tears, 1960.
741;8;Their lyrics and singing qualities are great.
741;9;#6 I count the tears, 1960.
741;10;#5 (If you cry) true love true love, 1959.
740;1;Now that Dani has stopped trying to be cool and 'nu-metal' he has produced such a great sound it makes some of his earlier stuff seem amateurish (I'm sure the overdubbing and production played an integral part of this though, which is fine)...Dani, once again, has so much emotion, and his lyrics are absolutely fantastic again.
740;2;I am, always have ben, and always will be a true blue CoF fan...Long live CoF \m/
740;3;At first I was nervous it was gonna suck since they took away the orchestra but i was wrong....its so good.
740;4;Dani Filth is an exceptional voacalist as you will discover on this well produced screamer
740;5;The song writing is probably the best it's every been and the whole album wreaks of a band that has matured and is at its prime...I read somewhere that the bandmembers were describing this album as a cross between Damnation and Cruelty and I wholeheartedly agree.
740;6;Dani Filth is an exceptional voacalist as you will discover on this well produced screamer
740;7;Dani Filth is an exceptional voacalist as you will discover on this well produced screamer
740;8;Now that Dani has stopped trying to be cool and 'nu-metal' he has produced such a great sound it makes some of his earlier stuff seem amateurish (I'm sure the overdubbing and production played an integral part of this though, which is fine)...Dani, once again, has so much emotion, and his lyrics are absolutely fantastic again.
740;9;Dani Filth is an exceptional voacalist as you will discover on this well produced screamer
740;10;It has been a long road with so many members coming and going but they have always stayed true to the powerful sound and the brillant lyrics we have grown to love.
762;1;And for good reason, This music is truly timeless, Unlike most of us,We can go back and enjoy a evening at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave,and pretend were hanging out with the best musicians of there time.
762;2;What was lost is now found and it's sad that this comes out so shortly after the great Dave Brubeck's passing, yet it's a great reminder of what an innovator he was and how sharp his Quartet was at the time.
762;3;I knew that this would be good when I ordered it, but once I put it in the deck, I was stunned!
762;4;I knew that this would be good when I ordered it, but once I put it in the deck, I was stunned!
762;5;I knew that this would be good when I ordered it, but once I put it in the deck, I was stunned!
762;6;I knew that this would be good when I ordered it, but once I put it in the deck, I was stunned!
762;7;Said he could only see big things like cars and trees.
762;8;What was lost is now found and it's sad that this comes out so shortly after the great Dave Brubeck's passing, yet it's a great reminder of what an innovator he was and how sharp his Quartet was at the time.
762;9;It is so fun to hear this cd- you can almost HEAR the musicians smile .
762;10;So easy and two pros doing what they love.
763;1;It is full of good Bluegrass tunes!!!
763;2;Well, I am not a true blue extremist fan of bluegrass but this album has given me a good impression of bluegrass music.
763;3;It is full of good Bluegrass tunes!!!
763;4;NEW FAVORITE sports the best of all three musical experiments.
763;5;The first song is sultry and sexy and very Alison Krauss.
763;6;The first song is sultry and sexy and very Alison Krauss.
763;7;The first song is sultry and sexy and very Alison Krauss.
763;8;The lyrics are as good as the tunes, and the new arrangements of two trad.
763;9;The first song is sultry and sexy and very Alison Krauss.
763;10;She loves Allison Krauss and her music.
760;1;The richness of his tone reminds me of several folks but then unlike any - its a little  Bill Withers and then its not a hint of Luther but definitively not but its soothing and down home but contemporary- it's just good and I can listen over and over- I enjoy Hold on -and the spirituality of Take me to the Alley the richness of his voice  makes me even enjoy genres that are not usually my favorites.
760;2;I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could, but I will give it 5 because my gripe is more about song selection than musicianship.
760;3;What can I say but so enjoyable and just puts you in a relaxed mood.
760;4;I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could, but I will give it 5 because my gripe is more about song selection than musicianship.
760;5;I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could, but I will give it 5 because my gripe is more about song selection than musicianship.
760;6;I love listening to music in my car much more than while at home, and this album deserves constant play.
760;7;I love listening to music in my car much more than while at home, and this album deserves constant play.
760;8;His lyrics are incredible and so thought provoking.
760;9;I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could, but I will give it 5 because my gripe is more about song selection than musicianship.
760;10;I love listening to music in my car much more than while at home, and this album deserves constant play.
761;1;It captures many of the elements of the last three albums (the fantastic "In Absentia" and its follow-up "Deadwing" as well as the fine "Fear Of A Blank Planet")
761;2;With The Incident both disks are brilliant and rewarding and pleasingly there are no bad prog rock vocals to muck things up.
761;3;It's the best way I found to feel good about feeling bad.
761;4;It truly is something special and is indeed a work of art.
761;5;It truly is something special and is indeed a work of art.
761;6;It truly is something special and is indeed a work of art.
761;7;I love "I Drive the Hearse" too.
761;8;There is a wonderful sort of dynamics from screeming lead guitar to subtle Pink Floyd like haunting lyrics.
761;9;Mr Wilson and co. have taken the best of 70's prog and made it both fun and contemporary.
761;10;I love "I Drive the Hearse" too.
766;1;After all, we all remember the 'hits' we've known and loved over the years...No matter if you're listening intently or listening passively, this is one helluva good record!
766;2;Those people who have stuck with Jason over the years, since his "rocket" came in 2002, and kept up with his life
766;3;After all, we all remember the 'hits' we've known and loved over the years...No matter if you're listening intently or listening passively, this is one helluva good record!
766;4;Those people who have stuck with Jason over the years, since his "rocket" came in 2002, and kept up with his life
766;5;Those people who have stuck with Jason over the years, since his "rocket" came in 2002, and kept up with his life
766;6;The sound is warm and comfortable, rich and engaging, on any speaker system, the Bose, the "home theatre surround", or in the car.
766;7;Excellent CD songs are great and performer is outstanding nice to listen to in the car on long trips especially.
766;8;Every single track is terrific, but I find these two songs exceptionally beautiful, from the simple yet gorgeous melodies to the poignant lyrics and exquisite musical arrangements...However, it is Jason's incomparable musicality which always brings out the best in everything he writes and performs.
766;9;Those people who have stuck with Jason over the years, since his "rocket" came in 2002, and kept up with his life
766;10;Those people who have stuck with Jason over the years, since his "rocket" came in 2002, and kept up with his life
767;1;good cd not the best still great rock good stuff to must get it to buy it won't be dispointed
767;2;So if you love to sing along to music in your car or looking for a great cd with powerful lyrics, solid guitar riffs, and an album that takes your a journey threw pain, sorrow, heartache, and still survie because you have something to live for then buy this CD and see how much it touches you as it touch me deep within my heart, mind, body, and soul.
767;3;good cd not the best still great rock good stuff to must get it to buy it won't be dispointed
767;4;good cd not the best still great rock good stuff to must get it to buy it won't be dispointed
767;5;good cd not the best still great rock good stuff to must get it to buy it won't be dispointed
767;6;good cd not the best still great rock good stuff to must get it to buy it won't be dispointed
767;7;Great sounding tunes to drive by.
767;8;I will start off simple the album is a rock album from start to finish with a few softer songs lyrics wise but with rock music still playing in the background.
767;9;good cd not the best still great rock good stuff to must get it to buy it won't be dispointed
767;10;My kids love this album.
764;1;In my humble opinion, this is surprisingly good and it is the best pop album of 2012.
764;2;If someone is obsessed with you (in a bad way) and always makes bad comments about yourself, well you found the right songs to dedicate to them!
764;3;If someone is obsessed with you (in a bad way) and always makes bad comments about yourself, well you found the right songs to dedicate to them!
764;4;The ballads are the most amazing part of the album.
764;5;The ballads are the most amazing part of the album.
764;6;The ballads are the most amazing part of the album.
764;7;The ballads are the most amazing part of the album.
764;8;If someone is obsessed with you (in a bad way) and always makes bad comments about yourself, well you found the right songs to dedicate to them!
764;9;This is more of a pop,dance record where Bionic was great, but more of a theme record.
764;10;my daughter loves this album plus she was dancing to some the songs.
765;1;I have enjoyed everything Casting Crowns has released and this one is no different.
765;2;It might not be a complete "rocking -out" album, but it does what it should
765;3;It might be as good as their first, but the first remains my favorite.
765;4;It might not be a complete "rocking -out" album, but it does what it should
765;5;It might not be a complete "rocking -out" album, but it does what it should
765;6;It starts with the family, and the schools cannot teach the values and morality that should be in our homes.
765;7;It might not be a complete "rocking -out" album, but it does what it should
765;8;The lyrics are really well written and the music is memorable with their trademark sound.
765;9;It might not be a complete "rocking -out" album, but it does what it should
765;10;I purchased this as a gift for my daughter in law, so I can't very well personally review it, but she loves it!
754;1;Ripple , Eyes of the World , Unbroken Chain , The Music Never Stopped and Estimated Prophet sound so good.
754;2;The new remastering and Plangent Process have breathed new life into these songs.
754;3;Ripple , Eyes of the World , Unbroken Chain , The Music Never Stopped and Estimated Prophet sound so good.
754;4;The new remastering and Plangent Process have breathed new life into these songs.
754;5;The new remastering and Plangent Process have breathed new life into these songs.
754;6;The new remastering and Plangent Process have breathed new life into these songs.
754;7;The new remastering and Plangent Process have breathed new life into these songs.
754;8;The new remastering and Plangent Process have breathed new life into these songs.
754;9;The new remastering and Plangent Process have breathed new life into these songs.
754;10;If You even sort of kind of like The Dead, You'll love this collection.
755;1;This album is fresh and fun.
755;2;She told the truth, revealing the good, the bad, the not so cool, not so smart, the pain, the hurt, the moving on and the wisdom--always the wisdom- of life and loving.
755;3;She told the truth, revealing the good, the bad, the not so cool, not so smart, the pain, the hurt, the moving on and the wisdom--always the wisdom- of life and loving.
755;4;Thank you Jill for changing and making me pay attention.
755;5;Thank you Jill for changing and making me pay attention.
755;6;Thank you Jill for changing and making me pay attention.
755;7;I waited over a year to get this CD because I knew Jill Scott would take me on a powerful journey and I had to be ready for that trip.
755;8;Her lyrics and sound are amazing and she tells a story with each song.
755;9;This album is fresh and fun.
755;10;I love Jill and this CD does not disappoint.
752;1;So I bought this album in somewhat good faith, got it home and realized the longest track was only six minutes long.
752;2;When listening to this album, I found it to be a cross between Sketches of Spain and Kind of Blue, which is obviously not bad company to be in.
752;3;So I bought this album in somewhat good faith, got it home and realized the longest track was only six minutes long.
752;4;At other times, the orchestra takes a phrase and repeats it hypnotically while Davis improvises masterfully.
752;5;Their first was "Miles Ahead", that featured a clever continuous suite filled with cool toned big band music focussing on Miles's soloing.
752;6;So I bought this album in somewhat good faith, got it home and realized the longest track was only six minutes long.
752;7;At other times, the orchestra takes a phrase and repeats it hypnotically while Davis improvises masterfully.
752;8;When listening to this album, I found it to be a cross between Sketches of Spain and Kind of Blue, which is obviously not bad company to be in.
752;9;My favorite is "There's A Boat That's Leavin' Soon For New York", because it is such a fun, uptempo big band tune.
752;10;The highlights of Davis' reading track those of Gershwin's opera, including intense performances of "Summertime", "Bess you is my Woman now" and "I loves you Porgy."
753;1;That being said, "These Days" is a collection of work that can be enjoyed by anyone with a love for music, especially heart-felt, well-written music...Vince Gill has pulled together a collection of songs (43) that represent, and at times surpass, decades of his works.
753;2;transcends musical style(s) and is simply a timeless selection of music...kind of like having an artist do his version of the black, red, white, and blue albums of the beatles and metallica (tongue & cheek but you know what I mean)...wonderful lyrics for each mood of each disk, as well as the musical talent to back it all up with beautiful instrumental passages throughout.
753;3;Gill has galvanized all that talent into 4 very good discs that are well worth the price of admission.
753;4;I like most of the artists that appear on this album...This is what takes to make a great Vince Gill song:.
753;5;I like most of the artists that appear on this album...This is what takes to make a great Vince Gill song:.
753;6;Filled with great guitar solos and crisp clean vocals it is sure to please the ears and get the feet tapping to some good old country soul (and blues).
753;7;I like most of the artists that appear on this album...This is what takes to make a great Vince Gill song:.
753;8;The voices, the stunning guitar work, the lyrics, you just could not ask for a better collection.
753;9;Disc 3 is the "Country Record", and it's fun from start to finish.
753;10;Every song gives you a special feeling...One of the things I've always loved about Vince is his harmony in the songs he records.
758;1;Later they got a lot more polish added to them, it is what it is so just enjoy it!
758;2;And this, "THE RED ALBUM", is their masterpiece.
758;3;"Got This Thing on the Move" is probably my favorite cut, but it's hard to pick any in particular cause they're all so good.
758;4;And this, "THE RED ALBUM", is their masterpiece.
758;5;And this, "THE RED ALBUM", is their masterpiece.
758;6;And this, "THE RED ALBUM", is their masterpiece.
758;7;This sound made GFR something unique and special and gave them a driven sound that made you feel like your moving.
758;8;And this, "THE RED ALBUM", is their masterpiece.
758;9;This music is great listening and much fun to perform as well.
758;10;The critics panned them and the fans loved them and still do.
759;1;This is some good grown & sexy R&B for the real R&B heads.
759;2;Even the negative reviewer likes this one.
759;3;This is some good grown & sexy R&B for the real R&B heads.
759;4;She's underrated she has a great voice and she's a great talent love all of her music
759;5;She's underrated she has a great voice and she's a great talent love all of her music
759;6;She's underrated she has a great voice and she's a great talent love all of her music
759;7;She's underrated she has a great voice and she's a great talent love all of her music
759;8;She's underrated she has a great voice and she's a great talent love all of her music
759;9;Though she's always had great material, this is the first album she's done where she sounds like she had a lot of fun doing it.
759;10;She's underrated she has a great voice and she's a great talent love all of her music
756;1;The Spice Girls (although they aren't the greatest singers) know how to have fun, write good songs, and stand up for what's right --  GIRL POWER!!!!!!!!
756;2;"Stop" is a  wonderful homage to the Motown music of the Sixties before it turned into  bad R&B.
756;3;This whole album is good and if your a 90's kid/teen you should own this.
756;4;So well, that I can't tell them apart at times.
756;5;They were to be heard, watched, played with, eaten, read, and worshipped, with albums, a movie, dolls, lollipops, chewing gum, books, magazines, and an army of enthusiasts.
756;6;I got it home and put it in the stereo and fell in love with it.
756;7;Girl power was what the crowd wanted to hear, and it's what they got, and it's girl power that drove Spice World to the top.
756;8;The lyrics are simple but every song is fun to listen to and the girls sing well together.
756;9;The Spice Girls write their own lyrics, perform hamronies, dance, and  are alot of fun.
756;10;My Dad, who's in his late 60s, loves this song.
757;1;Good job B.B.,You've done the  best!
757;2;The backup band is perfectly matched to his way of playing and I think every song is great, no bad ones here.
757;3;Good job B.B.,You've done the  best!
757;4;B.B. King is a man who confessed that loved all of the women that he could!
757;5;B.B. King is a man who confessed that loved all of the women that he could!
757;6;B.B. King is a man who confessed that loved all of the women that he could!
757;7;B.B. King is a man who confessed that loved all of the women that he could!
757;8;And the passion and energy Mr. King puts into the lyrics is refreshing.
757;9;This CD is so much fun to listen to, I never grow weary of it.
757;10;B.B. King is a man who confessed that loved all of the women that he could!
713;1;I do recomend for those that still enjoy the good rock !
713;2;So I reviewed this album at my website called ZuneTracks and really the only negative things about this album is the band name and artwork.
713;3;wish they would put out more, still listen to my Zeppelin more than any new stuff, but this is a good change when I need one
713;4;I certainly did marvel at the musicianship, particularly Dave Grohl's drumming, which is much more complex than his work with that little-known grunge band from the nineties.
713;5;I remember reading an interview with Dave Grohl way back where he was gushing about how much he loves Led Zeppelin.
713;6;Give them a clean listen...I'll admit this, my bandmate and friend of 30 years bought me a ticket to see these guys at Roseland NYC.
713;7;love this distorted sound, it has a spooky erie sound to it, the vocals are great again, this is a great song to just drive and blast in the car and the midway through the song is great " doo do do do do do do do do do dooo" love the solo to close out the song.5.
713;8;Brilliant, witty, beat-poet type lyrics that consistently make me smile and laugh, and an undercurrent of mild degeneracy that shamelessly embraces the slacker/sleazy-sex lifestyle.
713;9;I certainly did marvel at the musicianship, particularly Dave Grohl's drumming, which is much more complex than his work with that little-known grunge band from the nineties.
713;10;The more I listened, the more I liked, and over the next couple weeks that like turned into a serious love.
712;1;It's all for fun, for goodness snake -- Metamorpho 
712;2;They were truly a talented band capable of writing some of the best verses and choruses we've ever known.
712;3;The message here is to relax and relish your time and enjoy it.
712;4;They were truly a talented band capable of writing some of the best verses and choruses we've ever known.
712;5;What a great Era it was I do miss it and the musicians that could actually read a write music.
712;6;I bought it, took it home, & cleaned it up.
712;7;They were truly a talented band capable of writing some of the best verses and choruses we've ever known.
712;8;"Nice Very Nice" opens with clever lyrics and exquisite keyboards.
712;9;It's all for fun, for goodness snake -- Metamorpho 
712;10;If you have ever loved prog rock or jazz fusion, buy it.
715;1;I'm surprised how many good songs are on this cd.
715;2;Just listening to him reminds me of my long lost love.
715;3;I'm surprised how many good songs are on this cd.
715;4;Just listening to him reminds me of my long lost love.
715;5;Just listening to him reminds me of my long lost love.
715;6;Just listening to him reminds me of my long lost love.
715;7;I took a trip down memory lane with this one.
715;8;Just listening to him reminds me of my long lost love.
715;9;Just listening to him reminds me of my long lost love.
715;10;Just listening to him reminds me of my long lost love.
714;1;This is good music period.
714;2;Love the yodel on cowboy waltz, love the stronger woman single, love is a garden, actually there is not a bad song in the bunch.
714;3;This is good music period.
714;4;Jewel is an artist, comfortable with her muses, somewhat greater than her discography makes her out to be.
714;5;Jewel is an artist, comfortable with her muses, somewhat greater than her discography makes her out to be.
714;6;I have been a fan of Jewel, since just after her coffee house days, and I have seen her in concert over a dozen times.
714;7;She travels through this country-esque album sharing fun ditties and  classic ballads with a touch of yodel (Cowboy Waltz - gorgeous).
714;8;She's a bit of an anomaly there, since her heart is in the lyric and the beauty of the lyric, not something always pursued in country music.
714;9;She has had a lot of success on pop radio with her first three albums, she let her hair down for the dance album 0304 (not my favorite Jewel album, but quite a good dance-pop album compared to other dance-pop albums), she made an excellent, very underrated introspective album with Alice in Wonderland, and now she makes an easy transition into country which is about the only place you can tell story-telling, folkie songs on the radio any more.
714;10;And on the backside, "Everything Reminds Me of You"  showcases the big voice, as does the song she sings to the memory of her father... "Loved By You" featured as a Cowboy Waltz, with the brave and beautiful yodel that Jewel's rolled out on television appearances and in "Alice in Wonderland"...That brings me to "Perfectly Clear", which closes the CD, and, for me completes the picture of Jewel's influences ...Dylan.
717;1;I think it's fantastic that he can sound like so many people on one album.
717;2;i really love this album, when im down or something then i stick this on, and it cheers me right up, there is not even one bad song on here!
717;3;My favorite tracks are The Rescue Blues and Nobody Girl, although the whole album is good.
717;4;Still my favorite Ryan Adams album.
717;5;Still my favorite Ryan Adams album.
717;6;The Best way to sum the album up is the placement of the first song, "New York, New York"- his current home, to the album's final track "Goodbye Hollywood Blvd.", the place he lived before moving to New York...it's a piece of Ryan's being...it truly is "Gold".
717;7;This is a very soulful rock album, driven by it's excellent choruses and thoughful verses.
717;8;His lyrics are amazing, the songs are fun to listen to, to play, to sing along to.
717;9;His lyrics are amazing, the songs are fun to listen to, to play, to sing along to.
717;10;- "I'll still love you New York" - If you are considering buying this cd buy it for New York New York.
716;1;It's now one of my favourite songs of NW...Good music produce emotions you can visualize and feel.
716;2;That is the only major negative I can say...The really good news is that a band that has been together since 1996 are still really young.
716;3;"Rest and Calm" seems to have a dramatic and positive message of rebirth and starting over new in life.
716;4;Beautiful artwork and music, this is their bast album
716;5;Having recently read&nbsp
716;6;I have long regarded Tuomas as a compositional genius, and his lyrics have consistently hit home for me...When Dark Passion Play came out, I found some of it to be of a very good quality (Poet and the Pendulum in particular).
716;7;It's intense, classic, action-adventure driven and thought provoking.
716;8;Imaginaerum is a theme that runs throughout the album in sound and lyrics and some of the songs have quite a cinema soundtrack quality to them, with some great orchestration.
716;9;The backing of the irish/scottish pipes makes it that much  more worldly and fun.
716;10;Dark Passion Play was my first Nightwish album, and I loved it.
719;1;Exhibits the same complexity of subtlety as the Shins--purely amazing...You're moved to a new world in each song--one that's full of color and emotion--it's like being in a surreal state of mind where all you need is your ears to see, feel, taste, and smell...Enjoy the ride, I did.
719;2;Fever dream is worth the price of the cd alone, not a bad selection on the disc.
719;3;Fever dream is worth the price of the cd alone, not a bad selection on the disc.
719;4;The group is amazing and talented, and if you don't try any other indie artists in the next 12 months, try these guys.
719;5;After reading alot of positive reviews and listening to some of the clips, I finally went out and bought this album.
719;6;The group is amazing and talented, and if you don't try any other indie artists in the next 12 months, try these guys.
719;7;This is another of my favorite CDs from 2004...Perhaps the reason I like this cd so much is the fact the first time I listened to it was on a perfect New England fall morning as I was driving to a friends wedding in New Hampshire - the combination of the beauty of the season coupled with the simple beauty of the music were awe-inspiring.
719;8;The lyrics on this album speak of beautiful poetry, and are accompanied by mostly acoustic beats.
719;9;The group is amazing and talented, and if you don't try any other indie artists in the next 12 months, try these guys.
719;10;"I want your flowers like babies want God's love."
718;1;Actually, all the lyrics on this album are really good.
718;2;Every song on here is perfect, but for my money, "A Thousand Lies" is the best.
718;3;Actually, all the lyrics on this album are really good.
718;4;Every song on here is perfect, but for my money, "A Thousand Lies" is the best.
718;5;Every song on here is perfect, but for my money, "A Thousand Lies" is the best.
718;6;When you live in a foreign place with no electricity or running water as long as I did, you'd better have something from home that you find comforting.
718;7;Every song on here is perfect, but for my money, "A Thousand Lies" is the best.
718;8;Actually, all the lyrics on this album are really good.
718;9;Every song on here is perfect, but for my money, "A Thousand Lies" is the best.
718;10;But rather than go on and on about just how great these guys are and how influential this album has been for so many people, I decided to do something a bit different - give a couple recommendations for people who really love this band and are looking for other bands with a similar sound and/or feel.
705;1;The packaging is also good (as with all of their recent reissues), and I enjoyed the still photos.
705;2;Cool songs like "Gloria", "A Day Without Me" and underrated songs like "Surrender" and "Seconds" are also never played anymore which is very sad.
705;3;The editing flows well, and the audio is pretty good...The CD is NOT from this concert.
705;4;True enough, but this album, the concert during which he sported that giant white flag, was a shining moment.
705;5;This DVD is really well done - no frills, the focus was just on the sight and sound, and the result is excellent.
705;6;The picture is crisp and clean with the sound being excellent.
705;7;U2 continues to be a far better live band than they ever are in the studio - and this performance shows that this was true throughout their career.
705;8;The energy and emotion in the songs still comes across strong over 20 years later.
705;9;Very tight and danceable (I sweated to this stuff on the dance floor).
705;10;A couple of years later, I bought the CD, with the hacked up edit included.
704;1;John Mayer is always good stuff, even if I have most all of the music on this CD, still good stuff.
704;2;Mayer has a lot to say and knows how to put it down into a beautiful melody that keeps you listening.
704;3;John Mayer is always good stuff, even if I have most all of the music on this CD, still good stuff.
704;4;Mayer has a lot to say and knows how to put it down into a beautiful melody that keeps you listening.
704;5;Mayer has a lot to say and knows how to put it down into a beautiful melody that keeps you listening.
704;6;Mayer has a lot to say and knows how to put it down into a beautiful melody that keeps you listening.
704;7;I love listening to the 2 CDS as I drive to and from work each day.
704;8;His voice is mesmerizing, his lyrics are endearing without being too sappy, and his guitar playing is incredible.
704;9;Mayer has a lot to say and knows how to put it down into a beautiful melody that keeps you listening.
704;10;I got this cd because I love John Mayer's live performances and was not disappointed with this excellent 2 cd set.
707;1;Excellent album happy with my purchase
707;2;It's not a bad thing--just something I noticed, and it doesn't take anything away...There are some really, really great tunes on this record....My Dying Time is my current favorite
707;3;quick and pounding with a nice tempo for disturbing the peace.
707;4;Excellent album happy with my purchase
707;5;As I do with a lot of new CD's - I listen and read the lyrics the first time that I play it.
707;6;Excellent album happy with my purchase
707;7;Excellent album happy with my purchase
707;8;As I do with a lot of new CD's - I listen and read the lyrics the first time that I play it.
707;9;Excellent album happy with my purchase
707;10;I love the whole cd.
706;1;Its a very instrumental and fun cd with good songs some rock-ish and others country-ish and it mixes well.
706;2;She and her husband did an impressive job on it, and it's too bad they never returned to this style again.
706;3;It's hard to believe "The Woman In Me" is now 15 years old, but the songs have never aged which is a testament to how good a singer and songwriter Shania is.
706;4;"The Woman In Me", Shania Twain's second album is an excellent album at that...The big hit for this album for me is "(If You're Not In It For Love) I'm Outta Here!"
706;5;"The Woman In Me", Shania Twain's second album is an excellent album at that...The big hit for this album for me is "(If You're Not In It For Love) I'm Outta Here!"
706;6;I love the songs like Any man of mine, whose bed have your boots been under, home aint where his heart is anymore, and you win my love.
706;7;"The Woman In Me", Shania Twain's second album is an excellent album at that...The big hit for this album for me is "(If You're Not In It For Love) I'm Outta Here!"
706;8;The lyrics are  gorgeous, the beaty songs are cool, and, after a while, you don't even  really notice the countryness of it.
706;9;This album has it all...beautiful ballads and fun dance songs.
706;10;"The Woman In Me", Shania Twain's second album is an excellent album at that...The big hit for this album for me is "(If You're Not In It For Love) I'm Outta Here!"
709;1;Play it LOUD and enjoy :)
709;2;Now you can found concert like this.
709;3;This is a very good, relaxed Jimi concert.
709;4;Now you can found concert like this.
709;5;Now you can found concert like this.
709;6;Now you can found concert like this.
709;7;The entire surf crew and I drove up from Cocoa Beach, and we had just the goodest time!
709;8;Now you can found concert like this.
709;9;This is a great product to have for fun It is well made as well.
709;10;If you love Jimi Live, get this one!
708;1;Now I get to hear a fantastic LIVE set!!
708;2;Now I get to hear a fantastic LIVE set!!
708;3;I am a big Joe Bonamassa fan and Beth is very good on vocals and is a great change up from all the other records Joe has out there.
708;4;Now I get to hear a fantastic LIVE set!!
708;5;Now I get to hear a fantastic LIVE set!!
708;6;Now I get to hear a fantastic LIVE set!!
708;7;It's a great listen for an extended road trip, where you can just let the extended tracks unfold and flow over you in their entirety.
708;8;Now I get to hear a fantastic LIVE set!!
708;9;The word fun comes to mind and you certainly get a sense that that is exactly what is taking place both on stage and in the audience.
708;10;This was music that they loved, that touched them.
711;1;Waits is a master lyricist
711;2;Hold On is a typical sad Waits ballad, which means it's beautiful, tuneful and moving.
711;3;Waits is a master lyricist
711;4;"Mule Variations" represents a wonderful period of Tom Waits' music.
711;5;"Mule Variations" represents a wonderful period of Tom Waits' music.
711;6;If you appreciate great  songwriting and don't mind a gruff delivery, take this one home.
711;7;"Mule Variations" represents a wonderful period of Tom Waits' music.
711;8;The diversity of sounds/instruments and vocals, as well as the diverse lyrics, ranging from hopeful, to sad and dark, are amazing.
711;9;But I soon realized that the many other songs where just as memorable and fun.
711;10;I still  love the wild stuff the avante' garde stuff Like Box Spring Hog and Eye  Ball KId, but you cant help but love tracks like Come on up to the House  and Cold Water.
710;1;It is a record the whole family can enjoy.
710;2;If you want rocking guitars, powerful vocals, and uplifting lyrics- Sweet & Lynch Only To Rise is the music for you.
710;3;A very good hair metal,  rock album.
710;4;If you want rocking guitars, powerful vocals, and uplifting lyrics- Sweet & Lynch Only To Rise is the music for you.
710;5;If you want rocking guitars, powerful vocals, and uplifting lyrics- Sweet & Lynch Only To Rise is the music for you.
710;6;This may well be the best interplay between Sweet and Lynch and ends with the same clean, haunting sound as the opening..."Recover."
710;7;This is a solid, driving number that Lomenzo and Tichy really make happen.
710;8;If you want rocking guitars, powerful vocals, and uplifting lyrics- Sweet & Lynch Only To Rise is the music for you.
710;9;So whether you get the soundness of this union or come to it with a glaring question mark, Michael Sweet and George Lynch answer their own call and "Only to Rise" is a lot of fun.
710;10;I didn't care for September (just couldn't imagine them doing something like that....yes, that day was terrible, just to clarify things here) but beyond that, I absolutely like every song very much and there's a couple more that I absolutely love as well.
728;1;Fortune Teller - Sounds like R. Kelly's "Step In The Name of Love" but much more fun and laid back.
728;2;The spaces between the old and new is crossed and blended well with this disc.
728;3;I thought Joe had rushed this project since he just had a cd out not too long ago but it is pretty good.
728;4;The spaces between the old and new is crossed and blended well with this disc.
728;5;The spaces between the old and new is crossed and blended well with this disc.
728;6;A R&B main stay since 1996 a R&B power house and main stay on the charts if you like smooth out grooves and a sex twist this is it .
728;7;The spaces between the old and new is crossed and blended well with this disc.
728;8;Strong lyrics, great voice, and great production, it has it all!
728;9;Fortune Teller - Sounds like R. Kelly's "Step In The Name of Love" but much more fun and laid back.
728;10;Love the album as I have said before I am big fan of Joe.
729;1;Martin Barre's "A Winter Snowscape" delivers a nice bit of acoustical guitar work to round out a very good album...So light the log, ye lads and lasses, pour a draught of Christmas ale, kick back and enjoy this holiday alternative.
729;2;Ian and the band have carried home the needy, sad little laughable (Christmas) tree and transformed it - neatly arranged with baubles, bangles and shining colorful lights into a heart-warming centerpiece for the holidays (topped by the angel of PEACE offering prayer for better days).
729;3;This is one Christmas album you won't want to put away after the holidays, and one that sounds just as good in July.
729;4;The originals are surprisingly sweet and melancholy
729;5;The originals are surprisingly sweet and melancholy
729;6;Ian and the band have carried home the needy, sad little laughable (Christmas) tree and transformed it - neatly arranged with baubles, bangles and shining colorful lights into a heart-warming centerpiece for the holidays (topped by the angel of PEACE offering prayer for better days).
729;7;The originals are surprisingly sweet and melancholy
729;8;The originals are surprisingly sweet and melancholy
729;9;The stylings of traditional tunes are great fun.
729;10;It is a wonderful Christmas present for those of us who love all things Tull.
730;1;I am very happy with this product, espically for the price.
730;2;Drake is an excellent artist and can sing and his flow is sick.
730;3;I did like his song "Successful" from his mixtape but that was about it...I had seen some good reviews on this album though and when I saw the $5 download on Amazon, I got it.
730;4;Drake is an excellent artist and can sing and his flow is sick.
730;5;Drake is an excellent artist and can sing and his flow is sick.
730;6;This leads to the Good Ones Go interlude at the end of Cameras, and this signals the start of what I call Act 3, home to the slower R&B-sounding songs.
730;7;Drake is an excellent artist and can sing and his flow is sick.
730;8;He grew as an artist - compared to his last two efforts, the lyrics are more reflective and he expanded his musical horizons.
730;9;Its just a good party song, when you just want have a good time.
730;10;I love all the slow, easy listening songs on this album, way better than what's on the radio.
731;1;Then comes a few big hits in a row, starting with the very fun, uptempo number "All Night Long".
731;2;This song brilliantly brings the David Foster keyboard arrangements in with Lionel Richie's voice.
731;3;These songs could have been hits just as easily as most of the other tracks, as they are both very good.
731;4;This song brilliantly brings the David Foster keyboard arrangements in with Lionel Richie's voice.
731;5;This song brilliantly brings the David Foster keyboard arrangements in with Lionel Richie's voice.
731;6;Being a baby back in the 80's, I remember this album getting lots of airplay, both on our record player at home, and on the radio stations.
731;7;Another trip down memory lane!
731;8;Another number one hit, the soul and smoothness are just perfect, and the emotion that the song has with it are just inexplaniable.
731;9;Then comes a few big hits in a row, starting with the very fun, uptempo number "All Night Long".
731;10;All that it produced was five top 10 hits and a combination of beautiful love songs and some catchy uptempo numbers.
732;1;I'm entirely happy with the CD "Heavenly Christmas"!
732;2;Ding Dong Merrily on High - one of the best versions I've ever heard of this - she really seemed to have fun with it...There really isn't a bad song in the bunch.
732;3;When she gets older, she will enunciate better with her words, but she has a good tone hearing.
732;4;She hits those high notes seemingly without effort.
732;5;Most reviews I've read cite Jackie's delivery of the tradtional holiday fare on this release.
732;6;This cd would also make a great gift, especially to parents and grandparents but anybody possible, too, and it also makes great background christmas music during the christmas season when entertaining people at your house...100% recommended!
732;7;She hits those high notes seemingly without effort.
732;8;She sings with so much emotion and the power behind that beautiful voice is profound!
732;9;Ding Dong Merrily on High - one of the best versions I've ever heard of this - she really seemed to have fun with it...There really isn't a bad song in the bunch.
732;10;We just love jackiel, and her cd is great we listen to it all the time and recommend it for you.
733;1;Better yet - they never sounded as good as they do here!
733;2;Personal favorites on the disc include "Time", "Miss Me Blind", "Move Away", "Karma Chameleon", and "The War Song".
733;3;Better yet - they never sounded as good as they do here!
733;4;Personal favorites on the disc include "Time", "Miss Me Blind", "Move Away", "Karma Chameleon", and "The War Song".
733;5;I can see why they wanted to take a break to focus on solo and individual efforts.
733;6;Personal favorites on the disc include "Time", "Miss Me Blind", "Move Away", "Karma Chameleon", and "The War Song".
733;7;Personal favorites on the disc include "Time", "Miss Me Blind", "Move Away", "Karma Chameleon", and "The War Song".
733;8;Personal favorites on the disc include "Time", "Miss Me Blind", "Move Away", "Karma Chameleon", and "The War Song".
733;9;I bought this for a pool party and everyone laughed when it started playing, but then the most amazing thing happened, they started singin and movin and the party started.
733;10;I'm glad to have the beautiful "I Just Wanna Be Loved" on CD.
734;1;for the fantastic DRAMA record...Good Luck!
734;2;They're not nearly as bad as they're made out to be- in fact, they're mostly very good, especially "Golden Age."
734;3;They're not nearly as bad as they're made out to be- in fact, they're mostly very good, especially "Golden Age."
734;4;Above all the playing and arrangments of Howe, Squire and White are affective, pleasing and impressive.
734;5;Maybe you could  also miss some of the great guitar solos by Steve Howe
734;6;Above all the playing and arrangments of Howe, Squire and White are affective, pleasing and impressive.
734;7;Run through the light is a great keyboard driven tune and the background vocals of Squire are at an all time high, he is just amazing, voice and bass on this album.
734;8;Trevor Horn's lyrics and vocals work well in this project and and contribute to the overall painting and (modern)moodiness of Drama.
734;9;Above all the playing and arrangments of Howe, Squire and White are affective, pleasing and impressive.
734;10;I am a Yes freak and love all of Yes but this album is just different and great.
735;1;This is boisterous good time rock and roll at its best...Peter wolf is a ferocious frontman and gives a rowdy, blow off the roof live performance...This is an overwhelming knock down, drag out, good time that everyone will enjoy.
735;2;probably the band's best selling album
735;3;you know something good is about to happen.
735;4;probably the band's best selling album
735;5;probably the band's best selling album
735;6;Starting with "First I Look at the Purse", the band opens strong, singing and performing fast and with a level of enthusiasm that brings down the house.
735;7;If your feet ain't tappin' you might be nappin'...Unike some of the old stuff released on CD this one sounds just like the original on the big stereo as well as in the car.
735;8;probably the band's best selling album
735;9;The fun continues all the way to the end with "Looking for a Love", a cover of an old R&B tune that the band plays fast and furious, to the point where you wonder if they made it out of the ballroom in one piece.
735;10;The fun continues all the way to the end with "Looking for a Love", a cover of an old R&B tune that the band plays fast and furious, to the point where you wonder if they made it out of the ballroom in one piece.
720;1;the lyrics are inspirational just like her first album and i enjoy it everytime i listen to it.
720;2;"The words she utilizes to convey the depth of her pain are the epitome of PROFOUNDITY(and cleverly appropriate:"My emotions are BANKRUPT!!"
720;3;"The Heart of the Matter"has India seeking to discover the very essence of the situation involving a heartbreak..."Good Mourning"with its' SUPERBLY clever title is a good melancholy song about getting over/dealing with emotional trauma realistically.
720;4;Her re-make of "Heart of the Matter" made me love the song, a small miracle in itself.
720;5;Sometimes i read reviews of recordings and I have come to the conclusion that it all comes down to what you like.
720;6;Her re-make of "Heart of the Matter" made me love the song, a small miracle in itself.
720;7;I listen to it every day in the car and sometimes at work.
720;8;the lyrics are inspirational just like her first album and i enjoy it everytime i listen to it.
720;9;If you appreciate an artist who is smart,sexy and gifted and able to make music fun to listen to holla at my girl,peace
720;10;Her re-make of "Heart of the Matter" made me love the song, a small miracle in itself.
721;1;So I bought this album in somewhat good faith, got it home and realized the longest track was only six minutes long.
721;2;When listening to this album, I found it to be a cross between Sketches of Spain and Kind of Blue, which is obviously not bad company to be in.
721;3;So I bought this album in somewhat good faith, got it home and realized the longest track was only six minutes long.
721;4;At its best, though, the collaboration between Miles and the orchestrations produces some wonderful music.
721;5;Their first was "Miles Ahead", that featured a clever continuous suite filled with cool toned big band music focussing on Miles's soloing.
721;6;So I bought this album in somewhat good faith, got it home and realized the longest track was only six minutes long.
721;7;At its best, though, the collaboration between Miles and the orchestrations produces some wonderful music.
721;8;When listening to this album, I found it to be a cross between Sketches of Spain and Kind of Blue, which is obviously not bad company to be in.
721;9;My favorite is "There's A Boat That's Leavin' Soon For New York", because it is such a fun, uptempo big band tune.
721;10;The highlights of Davis' reading track those of Gershwin's opera, including intense performances of "Summertime", "Bess you is my Woman now" and "I loves you Porgy."
722;1;Liz' lower voice dominates and the lyrics are very good listenable.
722;2;She still has the most distinct voice I have ever heard, in combination with the trademark murmuring lyrics.
722;3;Liz' lower voice dominates and the lyrics are very good listenable.
722;4;She still has the most distinct voice I have ever heard, in combination with the trademark murmuring lyrics.
722;5;She still has the most distinct voice I have ever heard, in combination with the trademark murmuring lyrics.
722;6;She still has the most distinct voice I have ever heard, in combination with the trademark murmuring lyrics.
722;7;Whenever I hear it, it reminds me of good times and it creates images of love and fascination, like your driving  through the desert at night, going to Las Vegas to gamble your life away,  and not care about the consequences.
722;8;She still has the most distinct voice I have ever heard, in combination with the trademark murmuring lyrics.
722;9;Maybe I'm just thinking of the album cover when I think of this, but the songs really sound like light shows
722;10;An essential CD for anyone who loves all that can be music.
723;1;I am enjoying this album,  much more than I did Fortune.
723;2;Chris Brown shows growth as an artist and delivers a great CD.
723;3;This is a really good album allot of featured artist like rkelly, brandy,trey song.akon and many more.
723;4;Chris Brown shows growth as an artist and delivers a great CD.
723;5;Chris Brown shows growth as an artist and delivers a great CD.
723;6;Chris Brown shows growth as an artist and delivers a great CD.
723;7;Chris Brown shows growth as an artist and delivers a great CD.
723;8;Chris Brown shows growth as an artist and delivers a great CD.
723;9;Chris Brown shows growth as an artist and delivers a great CD.
723;10;loved the song fine china
724;1;The sound has always been good, thanks to an excellent recording from the get-go.
724;2;All in all a truly supreme and timeless recording.
724;3;The sound has always been good, thanks to an excellent recording from the get-go.
724;4;All in all a truly supreme and timeless recording.
724;5;It is very focused on "tying" or "binding."
724;6;All in all a truly supreme and timeless recording.
724;7;I listen to this album frequently - it's great for dancing, driving, working and where ever else a little good music could be useful.
724;8;All in all a truly supreme and timeless recording.
724;9;All in all a truly supreme and timeless recording.
724;10;Awesome and I truly loved this product!!!
725;1;That's always a good deal...I highly recommend this collection who enjoy late 70s and early 80s pop music as much as I do.
725;2;Appealing to fans of blue eyed soul, dance-rock and adult contemporary alike, H & O have been the subject of over a dozen compilations, but are perhaps served best by the career encapsulating double platter ESSENTIAL...RATING: FIVE DUOS
725;3;I only have good things to say about this compilation, as I did the "The Ultimate Hall and Oates".
725;4;I only have good things to say about this compilation, as I did the "The Ultimate Hall and Oates".
725;5;I only have good things to say about this compilation, as I did the "The Ultimate Hall and Oates".
725;6;I only have good things to say about this compilation, as I did the "The Ultimate Hall and Oates".
725;7;I only have good things to say about this compilation, as I did the "The Ultimate Hall and Oates".
725;8;The melodies and hooks are great, but the lyrics are so clever.
725;9;Classic and still makes me sing at the top of my lungs and dance!
725;10;Every Hall & Oates song you have ever loved is here!
726;1;All the songs are so good that I feel like this is the best Journey album even over escape and infinity.
726;2;Perry voice is at it's best on this album (It's at the largest range he'll get and it sounds very refined and mature compared to Infinity (Which isn't bad at all!
726;3;All the songs are so good that I feel like this is the best Journey album even over escape and infinity.
726;4;I love most of the songs on this album.
726;5;I love most of the songs on this album.
726;6;I love most of the songs on this album.
726;7;I love most of the songs on this album.
726;8;The music fits right in (again ethereal vibes), great lyrics and great music = great song...Up next is Rubicon: My personal favorite on the disk and overall (Perry) Journey song.
726;9;I love most of the songs on this album.
726;10;I love most of the songs on this album.
727;1;The rest of the band sounds very good and I am finally happy to have added this to my CD collection, but the only thing that could beat it would be a DVD video of this performance or anything else from that era, if it exists...However, one of the most interesting things about the album is the cover, specifically, the guitar player's feet (can't really tell who it is, maybe Rudolph Schenker?)
727;2;I know most Scorpions fans will prefer the albums and songs that come later, which is fine for them, but for me this is thier masterpiece
727;3;good for the new laws in colorado, crank it and relax
727;4;I know most Scorpions fans will prefer the albums and songs that come later, which is fine for them, but for me this is thier masterpiece
727;5;Read the reviews folks, this is a great live album by one of the premier.hard rock/metal bands ever.
727;6;Intro for "he's a woman, she's a man" sounds great with a good home stereo system.
727;7;Filled with songs from their 3 albums before done live with driving power Tokyo Tapes is one of the greatest guitar driven recordings ever !
727;8;I know most Scorpions fans will prefer the albums and songs that come later, which is fine for them, but for me this is thier masterpiece
727;9;All of their early hits are on this live album along with a couple of fun covers...For those who have not seen the Scorpions live, they are one of the cleaner sounding bands and it definatley comes through on this live album...On a side note, this is Herman Rarebell's first album with the band.
727;10;All of their early hits are on this live album along with a couple of fun covers...For those who have not seen the Scorpions live, they are one of the cleaner sounding bands and it definatley comes through on this live album...On a side note, this is Herman Rarebell's first album with the band.
821;1;Anyone who likes good music that's fun to listen to should get Nelly's Cd's.
821;2;Hes got some really good songs on here, yet some bad ones...1.
821;3;Hes got some really good songs on here, yet some bad ones...1.
821;4;I listened to the whole album and I have to say it's nothing short of spectacular.
821;5;I listened to the whole album and I have to say it's nothing short of spectacular.
821;6;I listened to the whole album and I have to say it's nothing short of spectacular.
821;7;While St. Louis is not exactly renowned as a hotbed for R&B talent, Nelly & the Lunatics have a refreshing take on the world of rap music, exhorting their peers to give up the "gangsta" lifestyle for a similar one to theirs:  fast cars, fast women and tonnes of jewelry.
821;8;His songs have great bass, awesome lyrics, and sound great.
821;9;This album isn't about gangs or sex and violence, it's about partying and having fun.
821;10;I always think it hilarious that "fans" will love an artist until s/he actually starts making some money, and then they turn their back on them with that most heinous of rap insults "They sold out".
820;1;This is a good album.
820;2;For me, there is always a bit of sad longing in the memories of my best times.
820;3;This is a good album.
820;4;and the album's first single "Couleurs" sport an undeniable '80s fetish, the dominant influence on Saturdays=Youth is still early-'90s British shoegaze, as it has been on all of M83's previous records.
820;5;Based on reviews that I'd read, I bought M83's "Hurry Up We're Dreaming" last year and liked it quite a lot.
820;6;Akin to the the way the scent of apple-cinnamon takes one back to grandma's house as a child, certain albums were crafted with such heart and thoughtfulness that they capture the spirit of one's life transition of the time.
820;7;I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to relive the 80s, or at least be reminded of their better musical moments...Key Tracks:.1.
820;8;Lyrics have always been incidental to the effect of M83's music, but I love the tension in Gonzalez's words: "Kim and Jessie / They have a secret world in the twilight."
820;9;"I loved being a teenager," Gonzalez explains in the album's press release, "That's when I discovered music and started to take drugs and party with my friends."
820;10;There are not very many artists out there today who share Anthony's love for 80s new wave music and bring that love out in their music
823;1;This is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
823;2;I love Rose's Theme the best along with the other similar tracks...And as far as "My Heart Will Go On", it's a classic that will OUT LIVE any negative options that happen to be publicly voiced out there.
823;3;My impressions of the movie are both good and bad: masterful execution and presentation of an at-best-mediocre love story, which detracts from an otherwise terrific work.
823;4;the best songs on this soundtrack are all of them.
823;5;the best songs on this soundtrack are all of them.
823;6;i bought it in like new condition and was very impressed with the clean cd.
823;7;the best songs on this soundtrack are all of them.
823;8;The album consists of songs that are relaxing, cheerful, and sad which is a great mixture of songs that can help fluctuate listeners' mood.
823;9;This is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
823;10;these songs touch the soul and puts you in a romantic,peaceful mood.
822;1;I love this group-and wanted a good mix of their songs and this CD has just  that.
822;2;So it's funny how one month later, I instantly loved 3DD's records...It also didn't take very long for everyone ELSE to notice 3DD, and why not??
822;3;I love this group-and wanted a good mix of their songs and this CD has just  that.
822;4;So it's funny how one month later, I instantly loved 3DD's records...It also didn't take very long for everyone ELSE to notice 3DD, and why not??
822;5;So it's funny how one month later, I instantly loved 3DD's records...It also didn't take very long for everyone ELSE to notice 3DD, and why not??
822;6;Good clean Rock and Roll
822;7;So it's funny how one month later, I instantly loved 3DD's records...It also didn't take very long for everyone ELSE to notice 3DD, and why not??
822;8;My favorite one is "Goodbyes"
822;9;So it's funny how one month later, I instantly loved 3DD's records...It also didn't take very long for everyone ELSE to notice 3DD, and why not??
822;10;So it's funny how one month later, I instantly loved 3DD's records...It also didn't take very long for everyone ELSE to notice 3DD, and why not??
817;1;But if your want to go top notch and get a live CD as well as a studio version, then that would be the most recommended option but if you can get the import version ,like I did then your still going to enjoy this outstanding blues Texas boogie and rock in roll album by who other the the rock legend (Johnny Winter) and his little brother (Edgar Winter).
817;2;From the opening "Memory Pain" to the instrumental "Tell the Truth" there isn't a weak track, and it includes two of my all time favorite covers, "Johnny B. Good" and "Highway 61 Revisited".
817;3;I even recommend this album even to those of you who don't even like blues or rock in roll, because it is that good in my opinion this is also a hard rock album by the way and the album originally came out in (1969).
817;4;Over the years it was generally the music of brother Edgar that captivated my musical heart.
817;5;Over the years it was generally the music of brother Edgar that captivated my musical heart.
817;6;Over the years it was generally the music of brother Edgar that captivated my musical heart.
817;7;Over the years it was generally the music of brother Edgar that captivated my musical heart.
817;8;Over the years it was generally the music of brother Edgar that captivated my musical heart.
817;9;Over the years it was generally the music of brother Edgar that captivated my musical heart.
817;10;I love the production on this disc.
816;1;I'm giving "Paradise Lost" 5 stars too because it is a very intense progressive metal album which combines lots of energy and hard-edged attack with good melodies...As others have mentioned, this CD has less neo-classical stuff going on with the exception of the opening synth-orchestrated overture and a few other touches.
816;2;And every member is in top form as they effortlessly (it seems) blend styles and sound like a master chef...Another reviewer had sad that the album is worth it for the title track alone
816;3;From start to finish this album has the energy to keep you alive, unlike many of Dream Theater's latest efforts which have speratic moments where LaBrie's vocals and Rudess' keyboards put you to sleep.
816;4;And every member is in top form as they effortlessly (it seems) blend styles and sound like a master chef...Another reviewer had sad that the album is worth it for the title track alone
816;5;Sure, the production sounded almost amateurishly dry, but its simplicity and clarity put the focus on the band's earnest enthusiasm.
816;6;Thankfully the CD is so good, unfortunately I can't play it on my system at home, so I went out and bought a second copy of this CD: that's how good it is.
816;7;After completing the entire disc while traveling on extended weekends, I realized just how incredibly powerful Paradise Lost is.
816;8;And every member is in top form as they effortlessly (it seems) blend styles and sound like a master chef...Another reviewer had sad that the album is worth it for the title track alone
816;9;And every member is in top form as they effortlessly (it seems) blend styles and sound like a master chef...Another reviewer had sad that the album is worth it for the title track alone
816;10;THis CD is a classic and I love the new direction.
819;1;It's always fun to listen too, sometime heartfelt, sometimes sad, usually funny.
819;2;It's always fun to listen too, sometime heartfelt, sometimes sad, usually funny.
819;3;Brad Paisley is a great singer This album is really good.
819;4;One of my favorite CD's with all of Brad's hits on it from his newer tunes to his older ones.
819;5;One of my favorite CD's with all of Brad's hits on it from his newer tunes to his older ones.
819;6;One of my favorite CD's with all of Brad's hits on it from his newer tunes to his older ones.
819;7;One of my favorite CD's with all of Brad's hits on it from his newer tunes to his older ones.
819;8;It's always fun to listen too, sometime heartfelt, sometimes sad, usually funny.
819;9;It's always fun to listen too, sometime heartfelt, sometimes sad, usually funny.
819;10;Love his sense of humor in his music.
818;1;Fantastic...Overall, fans of music from Kansas to Poison will enjoy this.
818;2;When you look at how many songs on here are really classics, and not just because of their age you'll be glad to hear it over and over again.
818;3;Good old rock and roll with one of my favorite bands!
818;4;The best thing is that the songs are peppered with a most amusing kind of synth workouts that just accentuate the goodness of the material.
818;5;As such, I think purchasing this compilation can not only lead to the acquisition of one heck of a party album, but it can also serve as an anthropological study...Ugh, that sounds pretentious, but it's worth pondering...Anyhoo, the tracks here are all, for the most part, superb pieces of 80s pop rock.
818;6;When you look at how many songs on here are really classics, and not just because of their age you'll be glad to hear it over and over again.
818;7;Take a trip down "memory lane" with this album!
818;8;When you look at how many songs on here are really classics, and not just because of their age you'll be glad to hear it over and over again.
818;9;Loverboy was a fun, enjoyable, rock band... not on the level of the GREAT bands, such as the Beatles & Zeppelin, for example, but still a lot of fun!
818;10;i love  this cd,  great price  -great  service.
829;1;Those of you who frequent interent chatrooms will enjoy a good laugh.
829;2;It's a touching and sad ballad.
829;3;That's a good thing, because I haven't got much sleep lately.
829;4;Other times, I want to laugh -- especially on the hilarious "Shoot the Dog" and Freeeek which discusses cybersex.
829;5;John & Elvis Are Dead - I read this lyric before I heard the song and I just said "Wow."
829;6;Crisp, clean, immaculate, highly recommended.
829;7;"Cars and Trains" deals with self-destructiveness in relationships.
829;8;It has thoughtful lyrics about how people can make  wrong decisions in life and get caught in bad and often destructive relationships.
829;9;Much fun on that song hehe.
829;10;Michael's lyrics deal with love,loss, relationships, pain, and self-destructiveness.
828;1;First of all, Allisson is a very good, capable singer, with a beautiful and far-reaching vocal range, who knows how to use it for excellent musical effect with transparency to show the emotions carried through the words.
828;2;Black Cherry was also excellent, and I loved every track, but with Felt Mountain, absolutely every track is stunning and your emotions will be different before and after you listen to this masterpiece...The album begins with the lead single 'Lovely Head'.
828;3;Starting off at the start of the decade was a good time for the band, as they have been climbing and climbing in status for the past six years.
828;4;Black Cherry was also excellent, and I loved every track, but with Felt Mountain, absolutely every track is stunning and your emotions will be different before and after you listen to this masterpiece...The album begins with the lead single 'Lovely Head'.
828;5;Black Cherry was also excellent, and I loved every track, but with Felt Mountain, absolutely every track is stunning and your emotions will be different before and after you listen to this masterpiece...The album begins with the lead single 'Lovely Head'.
828;6;Black Cherry was also excellent, and I loved every track, but with Felt Mountain, absolutely every track is stunning and your emotions will be different before and after you listen to this masterpiece...The album begins with the lead single 'Lovely Head'.
828;7;It is, so far, Goldfrapp's most interesting album, and possibly their best actually.....PS
828;8;Black Cherry was also excellent, and I loved every track, but with Felt Mountain, absolutely every track is stunning and your emotions will be different before and after you listen to this masterpiece...The album begins with the lead single 'Lovely Head'.
828;9;Black Cherry was also excellent, and I loved every track, but with Felt Mountain, absolutely every track is stunning and your emotions will be different before and after you listen to this masterpiece...The album begins with the lead single 'Lovely Head'.
828;10;Black Cherry was also excellent, and I loved every track, but with Felt Mountain, absolutely every track is stunning and your emotions will be different before and after you listen to this masterpiece...The album begins with the lead single 'Lovely Head'.
831;1;The songs in ALADDIN carry a full range of emotion from the heartfelt "A Whole New World" to the triumphant "Prince Ali" to the manic "Friend Like Me".
831;2;When it's all sad and done the three standouts are obvious, the late, great Robin Williams' "Friend Like Me" & "Prince Ali" which just make you want to get up and dance, and last but certainly not least is "A Whole New World" which is easily one of Disney's best and most memorable love songs.
831;3;The music makes me laugh and feel good.
831;4;Robin Williams helped make ALADDIN the huge success it became (and also started a bit of controversy, putting Eisner's Mouse in its place) and listening to his hyped antics on some of the tunes is always a pleasure.
831;5;After the smashing success of "Beauty And The Beast," Walt Disney Pictures soared to new heights once again, this time with a sanitized version of "Aladdin," one of the stories from "One Thousand And One Nights" (which I haven't read yet, but I' love to buy and read it).
831;6;Robin Williams helped make ALADDIN the huge success it became (and also started a bit of controversy, putting Eisner's Mouse in its place) and listening to his hyped antics on some of the tunes is always a pleasure.
831;7;Repurchased it so my grandkids could experience the fun that their parents had when we'd drive to Disneyland on our many trips.
831;8;The songs in ALADDIN carry a full range of emotion from the heartfelt "A Whole New World" to the triumphant "Prince Ali" to the manic "Friend Like Me".
831;9;When it's all sad and done the three standouts are obvious, the late, great Robin Williams' "Friend Like Me" & "Prince Ali" which just make you want to get up and dance, and last but certainly not least is "A Whole New World" which is easily one of Disney's best and most memorable love songs.
831;10;Alternating accents and impressions (at one point doing Edith and Archie Bunker, at another doing William Buckley, etc.) the rapid flow of the voices smoothly across causes me to wonder if the characterisations were improvisational, with the animation produced afterward to fit the flow of the changes...I recommend this soundtrack most highly to children and to adults who love comedy.
830;1;It's packed with emotion, power, good music, and the message that you should simply enjoy your life (No Day But Today).
830;2;"What you own," "Halloween," "I'll Cover you (reprise)," and "Without you" are all sad but honest pieces that will move you.
830;3;, something good was made.
830;4;Yet RENT  manages to encounter each and every one of those and still engulf the  audience and all of Broadway in a sea of energy and melody, changing what  was becoming a dying and stale art form.
830;5;Yet RENT  manages to encounter each and every one of those and still engulf the  audience and all of Broadway in a sea of energy and melody, changing what  was becoming a dying and stale art form.
830;6;Yet RENT  manages to encounter each and every one of those and still engulf the  audience and all of Broadway in a sea of energy and melody, changing what  was becoming a dying and stale art form.
830;7;These are songs driven by character and context more than melody and voice, reflecting pretty much the complete spectrum of musical styles.
830;8;It deals with the issues of authority, rebellion, being yourself, drugs, homosexuality, and AIDS among a group of Bohemian New York artists...The lyrics are excellent, carrying a lot of emotion, and not even sounding sappy doing it.
830;9;Struggles with drug  use and HIV, "Rent" presents a cross-section of our society that  strives for love, care, and friendship.
830;10;Struggles with drug  use and HIV, "Rent" presents a cross-section of our society that  strives for love, care, and friendship.
825;1;It sounds fantastic and looks good.
825;2;I enjoy all of the songs on it and there is not a bad song on it.
825;3;A lot of good rockers from these Southern bad boys.
825;4;It's a classic at my house.
825;5;It's a classic at my house.
825;6;It's a classic at my house.
825;7;I LOVE this CD, and it will be on repeat in my car for the next few weeks!
825;8;I enjoy all of the songs on it and there is not a bad song on it.
825;9;This album makes me get up and dance and wave my arms in the air, sing and smile
825;10;I LOVE this CD, and it will be on repeat in my car for the next few weeks!
824;1;I wish people would just sit back and enjoy the music and have some fun!
824;2;Another excellent metal CD by the band from Canada.
824;3;from the track which is first 'this means war' to when we stand together to very emotional 'video' 'lullaby' (good stuff) to the last track 'don't ever let it end' great sounds.
824;4;It's great workout music to say the least.
824;5;Another excellent metal CD by the band from Canada.
824;6;Another excellent metal CD by the band from Canada.
824;7;Another excellent metal CD by the band from Canada.
824;8;nickelback has such honest music...no trying to make it all nice and proper...just raw emotions.
824;9;Their combination of themes about life, drinking, love and friendship are entertaining and fun to hear.
824;10;, funny romantic , so what are u waiting for get up and buy it now and enjoy  love this music
827;1;Song 5 Do you want to play, reinded me of some good times I had in the past.
827;2;In late 1998 she released her second album Spirit which showed a sad yet uplifting spiritual side to her.
827;3;Song 5 Do you want to play, reinded me of some good times I had in the past.
827;4;Wonderful Jewel music, love her styles
827;5;Her current focus is more country now and this plays into that well.
827;6;This is much closer to the raw emotion of Pieces of You, and any Jewel fans out there that were kind of thrown off by Spirit, This Way will bring you back home.
827;7;Wonderful Jewel music, love her styles
827;8;Jewel has actual talent and writes meaningful lyrics which today's music lacks.
827;9;There is some country twang in Everybody Needs Somebody Sometime and Till We Run Out of Road, a fun pop sound to Standing Still and Serve the Ego, and her wonderful folk sound in Jesus Loves Me.
827;10;Wonderful Jewel music, love her styles
826;1;EVERYBODY'S EVEYTHING and GUAJIRA are my two favorite songs from this album and when you hear this songs live, you cant help but dance and feel good.
826;2;I forgot how high quality the MFSL albums are.
826;3;EVERYBODY'S EVEYTHING and GUAJIRA are my two favorite songs from this album and when you hear this songs live, you cant help but dance and feel good.
826;4;I forgot how high quality the MFSL albums are.
826;5;I forgot how high quality the MFSL albums are.
826;6;Ahem......It was a long day...Things seemed so hard, so solid, so impenetrable...My center got moved...Nothing grooved...Everything seemed gray...I came home to an empty dwelling...I needed some de-spelling to break the hypnosis that fell over my christlightlike gnosis...Santa III seems to ignite the soul from dreams of alienation/seperation/devastation.
826;7;Apart from exemplary guitar work there was always rock solid percussion driving the music along.
826;8;I forgot how high quality the MFSL albums are.
826;9;EVERYBODY'S EVEYTHING and GUAJIRA are my two favorite songs from this album and when you hear this songs live, you cant help but dance and feel good.
826;10;I love you guys and God bless you so much.
804;1;this kind of thing is just fun.
804;2;i just love electronic music.
804;3;, sound different, are different... and a nice change if nothing else... in any case, it's a favorite of mine... and from my point of view, I think you should consider enjoying it today... peace
804;4;i just love electronic music.
804;5;i just love electronic music.
804;6;Going back to Kraftwerk is going to square one - hearing the clean, original ideas in electronic music clearly at the fore.
804;7;This album is Kraftwerk at their most technology driven.
804;8;I mean, listen to the lyrics of "Home Computer": "I program my home computer/Beam myself into the future..." Maybe we should take this at face value...Fun to imagine, at any rate....If you like this, you should also get "Man-Machine", "Radio-Activity", and "Autobahn".
804;9;A great dance album by the way, very dreamy (recalls the great "Neon Lights" from The Man Machine release), and still more satisfying that most of the techno available out there.
804;10;i just love electronic music.
805;1;But a couple of clicks and pops that I couldn't completely obliterate using my software of choice led me to this CD & I'm very happy with it.
805;2;All of this hits an amazing peak when the remarkable "Down So Low", one the the most overlooked tunes of Linda's career, blasts through the speakers.
805;3;Some artists are simply out of time and Linda is one of them, good in any decade.
805;4;Ronstadt's taken extreme heat for covering these three songs on the same record, but "Lose Again" is an ideal power-ballad-type workout, "If He's Ever Near" sometimes is gorgeous, and "Someone To Lay Down Beside Me" was a hit.
805;5;All of this hits an amazing peak when the remarkable "Down So Low", one the the most overlooked tunes of Linda's career, blasts through the speakers.
805;6;All of this hits an amazing peak when the remarkable "Down So Low", one the the most overlooked tunes of Linda's career, blasts through the speakers.
805;7;All of this hits an amazing peak when the remarkable "Down So Low", one the the most overlooked tunes of Linda's career, blasts through the speakers.
805;8;If you enjoy her way of telling the story of the lyrics, you will count this album as one of the best buys you've made in a long time.
805;9;All of this hits an amazing peak when the remarkable "Down So Low", one the the most overlooked tunes of Linda's career, blasts through the speakers.
805;10;One example is the Spanish language "Lo Siento Mi Vida",a melodically beautiful tex-mex type love song while the title song,"If He's Ever Near","Down So Lo" and the other song co-written by Ronstadt in "Try Me Again" take the slickly recorded and played gospel/soul/country ballad style just another level higher...  "Give One Heart" is a rhythmically complex number
806;1;This dude is a monster, on the mic, and just like all of other albums it is good.
806;2;This dude is a monster, on the mic, and just like all of other albums it is good.
806;3;This dude is a monster, on the mic, and just like all of other albums it is good.
806;4;This dude is a monster, on the mic, and just like all of other albums it is good.
806;5;This dude is a monster, on the mic, and just like all of other albums it is good.
806;6;This dude is a monster, on the mic, and just like all of other albums it is good.
806;7;This dude is a monster, on the mic, and just like all of other albums it is good.
806;8;Though his lyrics are off the hook, top-notch production deffinately high-lights this album.
806;9;Kind of a fun song.
806;10;I love the album...It's one of the best albums of 2004.
807;1;I was so happy to hear this album, it's filled with clasical soul songs, and lots of R&B, nice beats all the way trough, and just good production in general.
807;2;While most of the album is still to soulful for radio, it's his most "synthesized" or produced album by far yet.
807;3;Its a mid tempo, feel good track about love, with a comical, but sincere appearance from David Banner.
807;4;While most of the album is still to soulful for radio, it's his most "synthesized" or produced album by far yet.
807;5;While most of the album is still to soulful for radio, it's his most "synthesized" or produced album by far yet.
807;6;While most of the album is still to soulful for radio, it's his most "synthesized" or produced album by far yet.
807;7;While most of the album is still to soulful for radio, it's his most "synthesized" or produced album by far yet.
807;8;The lyrics are wonderful,thanks Anthony.
807;9;While most of the album is still to soulful for radio, it's his most "synthesized" or produced album by far yet.
807;10;Its a mid tempo, feel good track about love, with a comical, but sincere appearance from David Banner.
800;1;If you like good music, in general, you'll be happy you got this.
800;2;The band indulges in Beatles tinged pop "Lady Picture Show" and glammy pop rock numbers "Big Bang Baby" even "And So I Know" brings to mind "Deep Blue Day" by Brian Eno.
800;3;The sound of their previous albums is seldom found on this one and it's a very good thing actually (with respect to the first 2).
800;4;It has the variety and range of The Beatles'  White Album.
800;5;It has the variety and range of The Beatles'  White Album.
800;6;It has the variety and range of The Beatles'  White Album.
800;7;The heavy riffs are still there (Tripping on a Hole in a Paper Heart), but now pop licks are added (Big Bang Baby), more soft thoughtful rock (Lady Picture Show), and even some weirdly compelling jazzy tunes (And So I know)!
800;8;Scott Weiland really explores his gift here, alternating between the gritty, aggressive singing of "Core and "Purple" and a softer tone capable of projecting more diverse emotions
800;9;What's great about this record is that lyricaly its not that strong but musically its great and all the songs are just fun.
800;10;It all works perfectly...My personal favorites on this album are: Lady Picture Show, Pops Love Suicide, Adhesive Love, Trippin' On A Hole..., and Big Bang Baby...A lot of STP fans that loved "Core" and "Purple" weren't ready for the sudden change in sound but in my opinion, the band had to evolve and this was their logical next step given a couple of the songs on "Purple".
801;1;It's just as good as his first single.
801;2;I myself can relate to this song for a girl I really loved just recently and it makes me sad to listen to it.
801;3;It's just as good as his first single.
801;4;Such quality proves that he'll continue to entertain for a long time.
801;5;Such quality proves that he'll continue to entertain for a long time.
801;6;Such quality proves that he'll continue to entertain for a long time.
801;7;Such quality proves that he'll continue to entertain for a long time.
801;8;The passion and emotion when singing this song comes through loud and clear.
801;9;The Way-- true romantic song perfect for the young couple hoping for a first kiss all the way to the long-married older set to dance and sit by the fireplace holding hands.
801;10;The Way-- true romantic song perfect for the young couple hoping for a first kiss all the way to the long-married older set to dance and sit by the fireplace holding hands.
802;1;This record is fantastic, "Wave" is the standard to end all standards.
802;2;It just  keeps growing on you.
802;3;Some of the images that come to mind are: sailboats, cigars, warm golden sunsets, the ocean, good wine, great seafood, gentle wind, clean air, relaxing nightlife, the `70s, and beautiful people.
802;4;It just  keeps growing on you.
802;5;The lyrics, the music, Jobim's gravel voice, is all a study in contrast and it's all good!
802;6;Some of the images that come to mind are: sailboats, cigars, warm golden sunsets, the ocean, good wine, great seafood, gentle wind, clean air, relaxing nightlife, the `70s, and beautiful people.
802;7;The best recommendation for this CD can be told in the fact that, while on a long car trip, I packed a nice selection of CDs to listen to, but this was the one that played during the entire journey!
802;8;The lyrics, the music, Jobim's gravel voice, is all a study in contrast and it's all good!
802;9;It just  keeps growing on you.
802;10;Love the music by Antonio Carlos Jobim.
803;1;very happy with it and quality was very good
803;2;Good music and not a bad song on the album.
803;3;Good music and not a bad song on the album.
803;4;"Unchain The Night" is another gem and a great album opener.
803;5;"Unchain The Night" is another gem and a great album opener.
803;6;"Unchain The Night" is another gem and a great album opener.
803;7;That is stuff to crash your car to..."It's Not Love" got a fair amount or radio and MTV airplay  It does not happen to be one of my preferred Dokken recording, but it is a fan favorite, so let the other reviews tell you more about that track..."Will The Sun Rise" sounds like a song that could have appreared on Def Leppard's HYSTERIA.
803;8;While "Under Lock and Key" doesn't have the pure trailblazing speed that "Back For the Attack" did, it's a great album that seems to settle for a slightly slower pace, but really great quality in  both the lyrics and the music.
803;9;"Unchain The Night" is another gem and a great album opener.
803;10;Shipped in a timely manner and love the cd.
812;1;Yes, the beat has slowed down, but the songs are still good:  Please Forgive Me, All For Love (with Sting and Rod Stewart), Have You Ever Really Loved A Woman?
812;2;Bought this for my husband for Christmas and he says that it is great
812;3;Yes, the beat has slowed down, but the songs are still good:  Please Forgive Me, All For Love (with Sting and Rod Stewart), Have You Ever Really Loved A Woman?
812;4;Bought this for my husband for Christmas and he says that it is great
812;5;Bought this for my husband for Christmas and he says that it is great
812;6;I am so happy, I came home and it was waiting on me!
812;7;Great for road trips, too.
812;8;Bought this for my husband for Christmas and he says that it is great
812;9;Great love songs, great music to dance too, and fun.
812;10;Yes, the beat has slowed down, but the songs are still good:  Please Forgive Me, All For Love (with Sting and Rod Stewart), Have You Ever Really Loved A Woman?
813;1;Once again thanks to T.V. appearances I was able to catch their act...It's good to see the young enjoy the gifts of music...I enjoy this album very much...Ted Turner
813;2;I just think Sugarland makes really good music and so for the "music Lover" I think this cd will please those folks just fine.
813;3;I just think Sugarland makes really good music and so for the "music Lover" I think this cd will please those folks just fine.
813;4;I just think Sugarland makes really good music and so for the "music Lover" I think this cd will please those folks just fine.
813;5;I just think Sugarland makes really good music and so for the "music Lover" I think this cd will please those folks just fine.
813;6;the title song really hits me as a wonderful tune.less than a month ago all i knew about jennifer nettles was her duet with bon jovi on who says you can't go home.
813;7;I just think Sugarland makes really good music and so for the "music Lover" I think this cd will please those folks just fine.
813;8;the emotion and heart she puts into this is evident when it shows her really crying during the song.check them out.
813;9;The Incredible Machine is the kind of album that you want to sing and dance along to.
813;10;I always love seeing what is coming next with Sugarland as I know that they are always moving forward with their music but not forgetting the past either.
814;1;You can still listen to it today and be impressed with the great pop hooks, the good (and sometimes great) lyrics, and the overall production values of it...The title track is really fun.
814;2;"One More Try" a slow sad song with great music behind it.
814;3;EVERY song is good, he basically did everything himself - very talented
814;4;Until that appears, we'll have an album like FAITH, which is truly a 1980s classic, to both bring back memories & remind us that George Michael is an artist whose talents are not to be underestimated.
814;5;Powered by a catchy guitar intro, it's become George's signature song, no doubt aided by the memorable video which focused mostly on his rear...Three subsequent singles also hit #1.
814;6;This is George's Grammy winning album
814;7;Songs like the country driven Faith, the torch ballad Kissing a Fool, the funk of I Want Your Sex, Hard Day, and Monkey, the smooth R&B soul of One More Try, and the smooth pop of Father Figure.
814;8;But I can still turn to this album today, not just for nostalgia, but for great memorable tunes and lyrics that don't feel too dated.
814;9;Fun to sing and dance with.
814;10;I love this CD, for the individual hits and the collection as a whole.
815;1;I had not listened to this for years and had forgot how much I always enjoyed it!
815;2;As a guitarist myself, I can tell you: this man is beyond all definition and comparison.
815;3;Mahavishnu's music combines a ferocious energy with a mystical, one might say, spiritual, sensibility, but this is by no means a safe, relaxing kind of album.
815;4;As a guitarist myself, I can tell you: this man is beyond all definition and comparison.
815;5;If you're reading this, you already know that the music is superb and a "must have" for the genre that Mahavishnu John McLauphlin was an early innovator in...As far as the SACD version, the 2 channel version is great, but this is mainly about the surround 4.0 version.
815;6;Very few things going all over the place to impress the surround listener, yet there are moments of that, with the opening snare drum of "One Word" being impressively going around from one speaker to the other...The overall sound of the SACD is also nice, in that it's quite clean, but still pretty organic.
815;7;That has the same energy and drive, perhaps excessive.
815;8;As a guitarist myself, I can tell you: this man is beyond all definition and comparison.
815;9;As a guitarist myself, I can tell you: this man is beyond all definition and comparison.
815;10;Even fans of the genre may not love every single track, but overall, this is a musical experience of the highest order and an absolute must-have album for jazz guitarists as well as electric jazz musicians.
808;1;It's versatile and fun and I really enjoyed the performance on this CD.
808;2;Her voice sounds so sad and sensual on these two tracks.
808;3;Because those three tracks are that freakin' good, that's why!
808;4;The album is first-rate, the singing is beautiful (both singers offer sweet voices), and the song "Falling Slowly" haunted me, staying with me for days in all its bittersweet gorgeousness.
808;5;I enjoyed the music during the film, particularly Glen's amazing vocals(lead actor and focus of the film).
808;6;She may dream of music, but she's in an alien culture, separated from her husband
808;7;Listening to this album brings back memories of the splendid film (truly `Once' is a magnificent cinematic experience) and that also makes each and every track dear and special and well worth multiple listens...The album opens with the musical catalyst for the film
808;8;And yet I think that this is one of the albums that benefits from the best possible playback
808;9;It's versatile and fun and I really enjoyed the performance on this CD.
808;10;If you loved the movie this is a big part of why and you need this music.
809;1;This is not "Whip It"...This is, however, a very very good album by quirky New Wavers Devo...Devolve and enjoy this stuff.
809;2;Much more than an 80's bad, their new stuff is really good too.
809;3;Much more than an 80's bad, their new stuff is really good too.
809;4;You'll have to listen to it, and see how you interpret what Devo's lyrics mean about this.
809;5;You'll have to listen to it, and see how you interpret what Devo's lyrics mean about this.
809;6;Every single track rocks the house down, especially the underrated masterpiece "Gut Feeling/Slap Your Mammy". "
809;7;You'll have to listen to it, and see how you interpret what Devo's lyrics mean about this.
809;8;You'll have to listen to it, and see how you interpret what Devo's lyrics mean about this.
809;9;The answer was who cares, their music was fun like the B52's who were doing the same type thing in the late 70's .
809;10;I thought they were a joke with flower pots on their heads but I found myself loving their music.
810;1;The band was AND is legit no matter how the story goes: undeniable hooks, mind-blowing bass lines & fresh drumming with some rock guitar influences peppered throughout, fun lyrics & a good time overall.
810;2;I do not go along with everything they did but Cool is a great song!
810;3;The band was AND is legit no matter how the story goes: undeniable hooks, mind-blowing bass lines & fresh drumming with some rock guitar influences peppered throughout, fun lyrics & a good time overall.
810;4;I do not go along with everything they did but Cool is a great song!
810;5;let's barricade the streets and throw some block parties again and get back to r&b that doesnt focus on explicit images, but makes you use your imagination to conjure your own...AND is fun on top of it!
810;6;I do not go along with everything they did but Cool is a great song!
810;7;I do not go along with everything they did but Cool is a great song!
810;8;The band was AND is legit no matter how the story goes: undeniable hooks, mind-blowing bass lines & fresh drumming with some rock guitar influences peppered throughout, fun lyrics & a good time overall.
810;9;let's barricade the streets and throw some block parties again and get back to r&b that doesnt focus on explicit images, but makes you use your imagination to conjure your own...AND is fun on top of it!
810;10;I love every song on this CD.
811;1;If you don't wanna bother, simply put, the LP sounds fantastic & the pressing/vinyl is superb.
811;2;A truly beautiful and sad song.
811;3;This is as good, as amazing, as relevant, as anything he's done.
811;4;Pretty snazzy workout, and cool chord progression for you guitar players out there.
811;5;Read the words to his songs.
811;6;His storytelling skills make this song unique, and it's a real highlight here...So when I reached my prime.Left my home in the Maritimes.Headed down the turnpike for.New England, sweet New England.
811;7;This album,  his solo debut, is actually something of a compromise between these phases  in Simon's career
811;8;The lyrics are heart felt.
811;9;There are also generous doses of fun on the album, beginning with "Mother  and Child Reunion," a modest hit which must be "authentic" reggae since it  was recorded in Kingston, Jamaica.
811;10;And I said, "Oh, I love that title.
791;1;The latter song has a cool mellow kind of vibe that Beck's voice matches...Overall Odelay is a fantastic album that is great to enjoy.
791;2;Although "Guero" and "Mutations" are more satisfying as a whole (they contain no filler), "Odelay" is still a great record.
791;3;New Pollution: Here we go, getting to some good stuff.
791;4;Although "Guero" and "Mutations" are more satisfying as a whole (they contain no filler), "Odelay" is still a great record.
791;5;Although "Guero" and "Mutations" are more satisfying as a whole (they contain no filler), "Odelay" is still a great record.
791;6;Although "Guero" and "Mutations" are more satisfying as a whole (they contain no filler), "Odelay" is still a great record.
791;7;It's a nice song to rock out to when on a long road trip to somewhere.
791;8;With Beck set to take a more serious note - his lyrics here are often indecipherable or just plain silly - given his last album Sea Change, it's well worth taking a chance to listen to his other masterpiece.
791;9;The shape shifting songsmith of the slacker generation really hitr his his stride with 96's "Odelay"and its brilliant scattershot ambitions and deft style twists..."Mellow Gold"had already been an excellent record but it was mainly folk rock with an extra colourful glazing(for instance"Loser"s sitar)and "Odelay"was the trully defining point in Beck's craft as it fuses,sometimes within the same song,several different genres without sounding forceful and indeed coming across as genuinely charming fun.
791;10;Might not last past 10 listens but first couple listens it's nice.
790;1;very good greatest hits from zz top one of best
790;2;Megahits sent it packaged great and superfast.
790;3;very good greatest hits from zz top one of best
790;4;Megahits sent it packaged great and superfast.
790;5;Megahits sent it packaged great and superfast.
790;6;This is a great representation of all the styles they play and rocks the house.
790;7;Need great music for a long drive?
790;8;Megahits sent it packaged great and superfast.
790;9;Just one ding, a dance mix of Legs, really...
790;10;I love their early songs, and I love their "Pop Smashes".
789;1;But what shines through loud and clear on Stalingrad is how good these guys are as musicians, and even more, how much they seem to be enjoying themselves.
789;2;Every song has a unique, melodic, entertaining guitar solo.
789;3;That why Its good because there is not only a great new Accept lineup, but U.D.O. can remain a strong entity as well.
789;4;Every song has a unique, melodic, entertaining guitar solo.
789;5;Every song has a unique, melodic, entertaining guitar solo.
789;6;Mark's gravely low voice and occasional high notes come across as a brilliant mid-way point between Lemmy influenced singers and Halford influenced singers and suit the music remarkably well...The production, from Andy Sneap is also utterly perfect for the album and makes the music sound both powerful and clear, with crunchy feeling on the palm muted riffs and a clean sound on the leads.
789;7;This is great music, unpretentious, driving ,quality and recorded really well.
789;8;Every song has a unique, melodic, entertaining guitar solo.
789;9;Every song has a unique, melodic, entertaining guitar solo.
789;10;All hard rock & metal fans should love this!
788;1;Track 7 is a fantastic Remix of "Heartbreaker" featuring Da Brat and Missy, which contains a sample of "Ain't No Fun" by Snoop Dogg.
788;2;No matter the bad  songs... Mariah's evolution on this album is pure delight.
788;3;The pictures are good, too.
788;4;The pictures are good, too.
788;5;The pictures are good, too.
788;6;The pictures are good, too.
788;7;The pictures are good, too.
788;8;Best known for the amount of power, strength, and emotions  she delivers with each word, the Native New Yorker derives each of her  songs from something she experienced.
788;9;Track 7 is a fantastic Remix of "Heartbreaker" featuring Da Brat and Missy, which contains a sample of "Ain't No Fun" by Snoop Dogg.
788;10;and i definitely love the cd design.
787;1;Armorist is my favorite, and Freedom Rings has a very good guitar riffs at the beginning.
787;2;Bottom line, this is probably the best thrash album of 2014.
787;3;Armorist is my favorite, and Freedom Rings has a very good guitar riffs at the beginning.
787;4;Bottom line, this is probably the best thrash album of 2014.
787;5;Bottom line, this is probably the best thrash album of 2014.
787;6;And "King Of The Rat Bastards," which is home to a really memorable, anthemic, and fist-pumpable, shout-along refrain, is not too shabby, either...But it is actually the album's centerpiece that takes the cake for being its epic.
787;7;Bottom line, this is probably the best thrash album of 2014.
787;8;The riffs are heavy, plentiful, and intense, the vocals are spot on as always, the lyrics are great and the songs are well done.
787;9;Bottom line, this is probably the best thrash album of 2014.
787;10;Now of these 17 albums I truly love each and every one of them for the sake of it being Overkill why else.
786;1;Good CD... Bought it for one song, but I am enjoying the rest of the tracks.
786;2;Awesome sultry voice on this young newbie from the UK.
786;3;This cd is very good!
786;4;Awesome sultry voice on this young newbie from the UK.
786;5;Awesome sultry voice on this young newbie from the UK.
786;6;Awesome sultry voice on this young newbie from the UK.
786;7;I bought two CD's to share with family and to load in my car's music box.
786;8;Excellent ensemble -- we love the lyrics, style and mellowness of this cd!
786;9;Budapest remains as one of my favorite songs on the album, but the rest of it is equally fun and pleasant.
786;10;Excellent ensemble -- we love the lyrics, style and mellowness of this cd!
785;1;She lets her singing soar on the show-tune like "finaly" and it is then where one really recalls her days with the pop group Wild Orchid...Also... look for a swinging bonus track... tacked onto "Finaly"...So... recap... pop this CD into CD player and just enjoy what you hear as she hops from style to style, delivering an album that is quite fun and seriously catchy.
785;2;Every song has a strong beat, great hook and interesting lyrics, and with great production, this is one of those discs that you can spin on repeat in any setting... The one thing lacking is consistency, which is not a bad thing, since the musical genres are all over the space, and Will.
785;3;I admit there are some more talented singers, but as a whole her album is better than many of the more talented ones who have about 7 good songs out of 15 on their album, but with this cd every song is a treat for the ears.
785;4;Glamorous - Lovely anthem about being an anti-celeb, of sorts.
785;5;Glamorous - Lovely anthem about being an anti-celeb, of sorts.
785;6;I purchased the "clean version".
785;7;It is perfectly suited to be pumped in the car during a night drive.
785;8;Every song has a strong beat, great hook and interesting lyrics, and with great production, this is one of those discs that you can spin on repeat in any setting... The one thing lacking is consistency, which is not a bad thing, since the musical genres are all over the space, and Will.
785;9;Its the perfect dance song and its so catchy and fun..."Pedestal" is another coy-sounding track, but with a great upbeat tune.
785;10;All That I Got (The Make Up Song) - Love the slowed-down, R&B vibe.
784;1;The music is really good in this one- must have been a lot of fun to write and record.
784;2;There isn't a single bad song on here, though some are definitely better than others.
784;3;Wether that's a good or a bad thing is up to you to decide...To sum things up: Rammstein again delivered a great album with lots of variety and very strong songs.
784;4;Each record they produce takes their form of industrial heavy metal to different levels, all of which are purely enjoyable, and `Reise, Reise' is no different.
784;5;Each record they produce takes their form of industrial heavy metal to different levels, all of which are purely enjoyable, and `Reise, Reise' is no different.
784;6;The words are about building a house around himself and his love- in the most disturbing way you could imagine- it's a masterpiece again.
784;7;The lyrics are a great rendition of the poem "Erlkonig" by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, which is changed to fit the "travel" theme a bit more.
784;8;There isn't a single bad song on here, though some are definitely better than others.
784;9;Then you have the tracks Amerika, which pokes fun at the commercialism of American culture, and Moskau, which speaks of Moscow's beauty (through the lens of Prostitution).
784;10;The beautiful and enchanting "Ohne Dich" ("Without You") is by far the best love song Rammstein have made, with Till really singing his heart into this one and it's one of REISE, REISE's more melodic moments.
799;1;It's all amazingly good fun and very emotional...The light show is fantastic and the sound is pin-point perfect with a large young choir singing backstage that enhances the performance like no other Elton John has given.
799;2;This is a superior performance over that one.
799;3;There are no musical guests on Elton 60 to ruin the classics---a very good thing.
799;4;This is a superior performance over that one.
799;5;This is a superior performance over that one.
799;6;And the concert is one you wished you've have been at, though the video version captures it so well, you've actually got the best seat in the house.
799;7;This is a superior performance over that one.
799;8;The power is still there and you can't deny that he still knows how to get effective emotions from his songs (his beautiful rendition of Empty Garden for example, has lost nothing over the years)...There is a bonus DVD of rare television appearances over the years and that's a really nice touch.
799;9;It's all amazingly good fun and very emotional...The light show is fantastic and the sound is pin-point perfect with a large young choir singing backstage that enhances the performance like no other Elton John has given.
799;10;The usual hits that one would expect are presented here, with a couple of the big hits from the '80s.
798;1;Didn't have but a few songs my daughter liked or knew, but all in all, she is enjoying the cd.
798;2;That's how amazing the song was..."Bad Romance" was the "Thriller" for the next generation.
798;3;Get this CD if you wanna dance, party, & have a good time!
798;4;Didn't have but a few songs my daughter liked or knew, but all in all, she is enjoying the cd.
798;5;Now read on...to what I think of this album.....This woman is amazing...people love her and yes a huge chunk of the population hate her (or don't understand her which leads to hate) and of course I do get her and love her.
798;6;"Alenjandro" is a story song set to a Spanish infused Caribbean house rhythm again with a very strong melodic narrative.
798;7;Didn't have but a few songs my daughter liked or knew, but all in all, she is enjoying the cd.
798;8;That's how amazing the song was..."Bad Romance" was the "Thriller" for the next generation.
798;9;Get this CD if you wanna dance, party, & have a good time!
798;10;Now read on...to what I think of this album.....This woman is amazing...people love her and yes a huge chunk of the population hate her (or don't understand her which leads to hate) and of course I do get her and love her.
797;1;If you like classical guitar, you will enjoy this.
797;2;Acoustic tunes played with tremendous feeling.
797;3;If you like spicy guitar music, this CD is a very good choice.
797;4;Acoustic tunes played with tremendous feeling.
797;5;Even their covers of "Stairway to Heaven" and "Orion," which might tempt you to roll your eyes when you read them on the track list, are fresh and thrilling interpretations.
797;6;I rock to this while painting, cooking and cleaning the house.
797;7;Having honed their skills in various former bands the two of them have here created a beautiful album of music that is gentle enough to play on those lazy Sunday afternoonswhen you can just let the music wash over you and yet spirited enough to play in your car as you are cruising along.
797;8;Acoustic tunes played with tremendous feeling.
797;9;The energy level they transmit is both fun and invigorating to listen to.
797;10;Loved every moment on this CD.
796;1;just about dominated the eighties and put some good stuff out.
796;2;They also listed a very long and detail information in the booklet.
796;3;just about dominated the eighties and put some good stuff out.
796;4;They also listed a very long and detail information in the booklet.
796;5;They also listed a very long and detail information in the booklet.
796;6;One for the house and one for the car.
796;7;But in summary, great CD to listen to in the car.
796;8;They also listed a very long and detail information in the booklet.
796;9;They also listed a very long and detail information in the booklet.
796;10;Loved the product and prompt delivery!
795;1;The music is fun to listen to and dance to.
795;2;It is difficult, however, to find any honest negative reviews that are basically not hateful...Cher can take it all to  the Bank - a truly great talent - a singer, actor and stage performer...Like they say, it ain't Shakespeare, but I would rather top level pop than so so of anything else.
795;3;Through it all peace,love,and happiness fits Believe perfectly.
795;4;She said it inspired her.
795;5;She said it inspired her.
795;6;"Believe" has the best bumpin house lyrics, with those smooth intoxicating lyrics from one of the most gifted song writers and lyricists of all time, Cher.
795;7;She said it inspired her.
795;8;Although she is not from Italy, her rendering  of this song, and some of its Italian lyrics, is superbly latin in quality.
795;9;The music is fun to listen to and dance to.
795;10;It sounds very romantic and full of love.
794;1;It is actually hard to pick a favorite Bob Seger album because all 3 of his classic albums are so good in their own way.
794;2;Still the Same and Till It Shines are excellent songs...I always felt that Bob Segers music was always a better representation of blue collar working mans music more so than Bruce Springsteen.
794;3;If you've had good times and bad,indeed if you've lived life at all, you will identify with most of his songs.
794;4;It is a product that meets its expectations and that's all I want!
794;5;It is a product that meets its expectations and that's all I want!
794;6;It is a product that meets its expectations and that's all I want!
794;7;The masterpiece, however, is "Hollywood Nights" which may be one of the greatest hard driving pure unadulterated rock & roll songs ever laid down.
794;8;If you've had good times and bad,indeed if you've lived life at all, you will identify with most of his songs.
794;9;I am Bob Seger's fun from the seventeen, and this work I bought in vinyl a lot of years.
794;10;If you like good American rock and roll then you will love Bob Seger and this album.
793;1;It's Clutch, buy it and enjoy.
793;2;They've NEVER made a bad album and this is one of their best!
793;3;They've NEVER made a bad album and this is one of their best!
793;4;Their best album in quite a while.
793;5;In today's market of lazy listeners focused on cherry picking the most popular songs, finding an album that's solid from start to finish is something to celebrate and appreciate and it's about time Clutch gets their due respect for yet another extremely solid album.
793;6;Their best album in quite a while.
793;7;Rocking Machine Clutch is great in the car, great to sing along to in the shower, great on the building site and my kids love it too!
793;8;They've NEVER made a bad album and this is one of their best!
793;9;All the way through theyve been inventive, impressive, consistent and a whole barrel of fun.
793;10;"Quick Death in Texas" has a bluesy, funky groove with a wide-open drum style and "Your Love Is Incarceration", with its infectious opening riff (think Foreigner's "Urgent"), has a similar style and tempo.
792;1;The themes are those usually associated with San Francisco during this era: getting back to nature ("The Farm"), the music biz ("Song For All Seasons"), religion ("Good Shepherd"), and of course, social revolution.
792;2;However, the more you hear them, the more the vocals and guitar playing seem to stand out, and you eventually conclude how good the music is...It's 60's music, and that means the album has that very dated but distinct sound, though it's NOT a bad thing at all.
792;3;However, the more you hear them, the more the vocals and guitar playing seem to stand out, and you eventually conclude how good the music is...It's 60's music, and that means the album has that very dated but distinct sound, though it's NOT a bad thing at all.
792;4;Add to that some great instrumental work (including piano from legendary sideman Nicky Hopkins) and you have a rockin' time capsule of the Woodstock era.
792;5;As the title reflects, this latter theme is dominant on this recording, and is the focus of the strongest material.
792;6;Add to that some great instrumental work (including piano from legendary sideman Nicky Hopkins) and you have a rockin' time capsule of the Woodstock era.
792;7;Add to that some great instrumental work (including piano from legendary sideman Nicky Hopkins) and you have a rockin' time capsule of the Woodstock era.
792;8;The rest of the album is great, too, especially their cover of David Crosby's "Wooden Ships" - they actually trump Crosby Stills and Nash's original version and add some lyrics of their own.
792;9;The album which I really believe is the most fun is the live recording `Bless It's Pointed Little Head'.
792;10;For those of us old enough to remember, these songs reflect the hope, courage, righteous indignation, and nave optimism of a period when young people felt ready to tackle America's problems with nothing more than peace, love, and music.
774;1;And I liked the new album of Tye Tribbett and I did enjoyed it!!
774;2;I had been waiting for what seemed like forever but it is finally here and I am so pleased with this project.
774;3;Some of these verses are so simple (for instance, you are good or the worship medley) yet so powerful.
774;4;I had been waiting for what seemed like forever but it is finally here and I am so pleased with this project.
774;5;I had been waiting for what seemed like forever but it is finally here and I am so pleased with this project.
774;6;However, this album is excellent, and still receives a lot of air time in our home 18 months after release...Stand out songs include: You Are Everything
774;7;It probably made the cars I passed and the cars that passed me pause but I was happy:-)
774;8;The truth in the lyrics are POWERFUL and SIMPLE.
774;9;Wonderful praise and worship songs and songs tat make you dance Tye definitely explores different styles and I love it!!!
774;10;Tye Tribbett is one of my favorite gospel artist and I love this CD.
775;1;I really am enjoying it.
775;2;have always loved her music
775;3;personally a wonderful compilation of her many great tunes and a good add to a large and wide variety of a musical collection.
775;4;have always loved her music
775;5;have always loved her music
775;6;have always loved her music
775;7;have always loved her music
775;8;Reba has built a career around singing songs about survival, heartbreak, loss, and other themes that touch on emotions.
775;9;have always loved her music
775;10;have always loved her music
772;1;The packaging is excellent as well, a true rarity for CD's, with good liner notes by Will Birch and many great pictures.
772;2;It's nice to see someone get a reissue right, and JESUS OF COOL is deserving of special treatment.
772;3;The packaging is excellent as well, a true rarity for CD's, with good liner notes by Will Birch and many great pictures.
772;4;It's nice to see someone get a reissue right, and JESUS OF COOL is deserving of special treatment.
772;5;Pub rock was more of a throwback to superior musicianship and lyrics that focused more on being clever than confrontational and Lowe captures the joys of the sound perfectly on this recording.
772;6;It's nice to see someone get a reissue right, and JESUS OF COOL is deserving of special treatment.
772;7;It's nice to see someone get a reissue right, and JESUS OF COOL is deserving of special treatment.
772;8;Pub rock was more of a throwback to superior musicianship and lyrics that focused more on being clever than confrontational and Lowe captures the joys of the sound perfectly on this recording.
772;9;Buy this CD and have a ton of fun!
772;10;From the off kilter and ultimately gross power pop classic Marie Provost to the stunning I Love The Sound of Breaking Glass, Lowe is possessed and possesses the goods to deliver on this stunning classic.
773;1;It contains: Love Zone, Loverboy, When The Going Gets Tough The Tough Gets Going, Caribbean Queen, Suddenly, Sad Songs, and many other good songs so therefore this is a very nice album I really do enjoy this album!!!!
773;2;It contains: Love Zone, Loverboy, When The Going Gets Tough The Tough Gets Going, Caribbean Queen, Suddenly, Sad Songs, and many other good songs so therefore this is a very nice album I really do enjoy this album!!!!
773;3;We need good music like this again.
773;4;This album is essential 1980s!
773;5;This album is essential 1980s!
773;6;This album is essential 1980s!
773;7;Time has moved forward but his voice and his drive is still intact.
773;8;It contains: Love Zone, Loverboy, When The Going Gets Tough The Tough Gets Going, Caribbean Queen, Suddenly, Sad Songs, and many other good songs so therefore this is a very nice album I really do enjoy this album!!!!
773;9;This album is essential 1980s!
773;10;I loved all of these hits in the 80's, they were often the tracks on a great soundtrack to a hum-drum life.
770;1;Rock and Roll has, and never will sound better than this..."Gimme More" while still an energetic and fun song, is in my opinion the weakest track on the album.
770;2;It has great songs like 'all hells breaking loose' and is just without a weak song on the whole disc.
770;3;The album cover raised many a eyebrow because it was the first to feature the band without the makeup and costumes but the music inside is quite good.
770;4;It has great songs like 'all hells breaking loose' and is just without a weak song on the whole disc.
770;5;It has great songs like 'all hells breaking loose' and is just without a weak song on the whole disc.
770;6;KISS likes to squeeze these in on every album, and this one was a home run.
770;7;Great playing from Eric Carr again drives the album and the band to rock harder.
770;8;Classic guitar riff, cool lyrics, great monstrous vocals and an amazingly catchy chorus.
770;9;Rock and Roll has, and never will sound better than this..."Gimme More" while still an energetic and fun song, is in my opinion the weakest track on the album.
770;10;I love all of KISS's music.
771;1;It is our good fortune to listen to this album...The CD contains two disc of which the CD 1 is fantastic with tracks like "Got to get better in a little while", "Why does lover got to be so sad?"
771;2;It is our good fortune to listen to this album...The CD contains two disc of which the CD 1 is fantastic with tracks like "Got to get better in a little while", "Why does lover got to be so sad?"
771;3;Clapton isn't merely a wicked guitarist, he's also a pretty good singer, and that comes through quite strongly.
771;4;Despite the extensive workouts live, Derek & The Dominos proved that they were the greatest live act of 1970.
771;5;1970- This is Eric at the top of his game, before heroin took away his edge.
771;6;This album, Derek and the Dominos "Live at the Fillmore"  rocks,  cooks,  and the musicianship is tight.
771;7;In those days Second Avenue below Union Square was an adventure but the Fillmore made the trip worthwhile.
771;8;It is our good fortune to listen to this album...The CD contains two disc of which the CD 1 is fantastic with tracks like "Got to get better in a little while", "Why does lover got to be so sad?"
771;9;Jim Gordon adds a frantic drum solo that never slows to allow us to appreciate the cool rhythms, it just goes faster and faster...Professional, poised, and having fun.
771;10;If you love blues rock then you will NOT be disappointed with this masterpiece.
768;1;One good song after another.
768;2;The song ''I'M THE ONE'' is just funny really .
768;3;One good song after another.
768;4;The song ''I'M THE ONE'' is just funny really .
768;5;Glenn runs amongst the wolves to a piece from Black Aria, & late conjures the spechtre of a gorgeous ghostess, who hands him Milton's Paradise Lost, from which he reads a sample.
768;6;Finally, "Blood and Tears" is a piano/keyboard-peppered semi-ballad with sort of melancholic choruses and general feel, with mostly clean guitars and a nice, slower beat to it.
768;7;A nice trip to Hell.
768;8;The song ''I'M THE ONE'' is just funny really .
768;9;The song ''I'M THE ONE'' is just funny really .
768;10;I love the dark bluesy rock, songs like "Killer Wolf" and "Her Black Wings' are classics.
769;1;I certainly agree that it's one of the greatest live albums of all time, and yes, it has worn better than Peter's Comes Alive album, which mainly dates due to that awful mouth wah wah thingy that he overused...Yep, this is about as good as it gets, and it would make a fantastic Christmas gift for a musically discerning friend or loved one...It's true, good times never seemed so good!
769;2;Song sung blue sung live, Cherry Cherry and it's infectious beat.
769;3;and gives an awesome performance - singing all of his greatest songs, Crunchy Granola Suite, Cherry Baby, Solitary Man, Sweet Caroline, and the gentle Play Me, plus Cante Libre, Song Sung Blue and good ole Cracklin' Rosie.
769;4;A great night, and a special, unforgettable, moment in history.
769;5;A great night, and a special, unforgettable, moment in history.
769;6;When we baby boomers are rugged up in our pj's at the Home for the Nearly Departed, one of the subjects we'll discuss will be the day we first heard Neil Diamonds immortal "Hot August Night", what a magnificent moment it was (and still is) and how thrilling it is,still, to hear this digitalised, and extended version through our ear plugs on the ipod,or our hearing aids - which ever may be the case.
769;7;The ambiance of the Greek Theater in Los Angeles was the perfect setting for a singer/songwriter who performs better as a travelling troubadour than a studio musician.
769;8;Incredible music sung with all the emotion and soul that only the special artists can muster.
769;9;A great night, and a special, unforgettable, moment in history.
769;10;A great live album allows those listening to get a feel for the night,the excitement, the enthusiasm, the waves of love flowing back and forth from entertainer to audience, an electrifying atmostphere.
782;1;I've enjoyed listening to his music.
782;2;I've enjoyed listening to his music.
782;3;Worth the money, good CD
782;4;I've enjoyed listening to his music.
782;5;I've enjoyed listening to his music.
782;6;I've enjoyed listening to his music.
782;7;I've enjoyed listening to his music.
782;8;I've enjoyed listening to his music.
782;9;Lol, this cd is great fun, pure Bently!!
782;10;loved it, will buy more Dierks Bentley albums
783;1;The band had it very much together and they really seemed to be enjoying themselves up on stage.
783;2;Many of the songs, especially the classics, feel infused  with fresh life.
783;3;The 1978 bonus CD is also really good, although  Geddy sounds a little weird on the first few songs.
783;4;Many of the songs, especially the classics, feel infused  with fresh life.
783;5;Many of the songs, especially the classics, feel infused  with fresh life.
783;6;It's a powerhouse of a set and it just drives home that Rush is very underrated by the masses.
783;7;It's a powerhouse of a set and it just drives home that Rush is very underrated by the masses.
783;8;His playing breathes emotion into these performances, whereas Lee and Peart are more the technical rhythm players.
783;9;"Closer to the Heart," the requisite concert staple is again performed here, and again it gets a fun jam tagged on at the end.
783;10;CD 2 also includes Freewill, a song that I rather enjoy, Roll the Bones, which would be my favorite if it weren't for the hip-hop section, and of course, The Spirit of Radio and Tom Sawyer(I love these songs and all, but gee, how many re-releases can you do of them?
780;1;quality cd, really good packaging.
780;2;This one is bright and clear without sounding tinny.
780;3;quality cd, really good packaging.
780;4;This one is bright and clear without sounding tinny.
780;5;This one is bright and clear without sounding tinny.
780;6;This one is bright and clear without sounding tinny.
780;7;This one is bright and clear without sounding tinny.
780;8;This one is bright and clear without sounding tinny.
780;9;This one is bright and clear without sounding tinny.
780;10;If you are a fan of John Denver you will love this CD!
781;1;I have always been a big fan and was happy to add this one to my collection.
781;2;Highly recommend it if you are a grown woman experiencing some growing pains with the love of your life...some songs give hidden messages if you listen to the words closely.
781;3;The.Deluxe is good but not sicc like the album but i do love that tracc LOVE IN THE AFTERNOON,.
781;4;Chrisette Michele did an awesome job with this project!
781;5;Chrisette Michele did an awesome job with this project!
781;6;Chrisette Michele did an awesome job with this project!
781;7;Chrisette Michele did an awesome job with this project!
781;8;In these days and times of fake vocals, superficial lyrics and not much to touch the soul of a listerner, Chrisette Michele is always that breath of fresh air that let's you know REAL MUSIC is still alive and well.
781;9;Chrisette Michele did an awesome job with this project!
781;10;- "Better,"  "A Couple Of Forevers,"  "Rich Hipster"  "Can The Cool Be Loved" and "Let Me Win."
778;1;Buy the CD, it good, pure, dirty, ugly, nonsense and a lot of fun once in a while.
778;2;All of his best and worst which are  so bad they.are really good.
778;3;All of his best and worst which are  so bad they.are really good.
778;4;A delight for the few and far between Delaware boy fans.
778;5;There's several other great  tracks here as well, and I'm sure you know them well if you're reading this review.
778;6;This George Thorogood collection is a great party CD, regardless of whether you drink like a fish or are totally clean and sober (as I am).
778;7;A delight for the few and far between Delaware boy fans.
778;8;All of his best and worst which are  so bad they.are really good.
778;9;Buy the CD, it good, pure, dirty, ugly, nonsense and a lot of fun once in a while.
778;10;I, like many other music lovers, have loved and respected B.B. for many decades, but never found out how great Mr. T is, until very recently.
779;1;Well I think this album is really good, if you are a foo's fan you must have this record, if you are not a fan, you will enjoy this alum too.
779;2;4.5/5  This is a very good cd.
779;3;4.5/5  This is a very good cd.
779;4;4.5/5  This is a very good cd.
779;5;4.5/5  This is a very good cd.
779;6;Home: Great rock, a great ending song.
779;7;4.5/5  This is a very good cd.
779;8;The lyrics have the same meaninglessness as the Foo Fighters' first album, but it's still an enjoyable song.
779;9;4.5/5  This is a very good cd.
779;10;I love a couple of things about this album.
776;1;To sum it all up, Annie once again has released a classy, well-produced work that we should all appreciate in this time of scarce good music.
776;2;Filled with pain and the power to overcome it all, Annie knows how to use her singing/songwriting gift to its fullest potential.
776;3;To sum it all up, Annie once again has released a classy, well-produced work that we should all appreciate in this time of scarce good music.
776;4;"Coloured Bedspread" is one of the best, with interesting lyrics and tight, hard dance music.
776;5;"Coloured Bedspread" is one of the best, with interesting lyrics and tight, hard dance music.
776;6;I have really enjoyed recently getting all her albums recently and raging with her in the car, in house, and all over.
776;7;I have really enjoyed recently getting all her albums recently and raging with her in the car, in house, and all over.
776;8;"Coloured Bedspread" is one of the best, with interesting lyrics and tight, hard dance music.
776;9;"Coloured Bedspread" is one of the best, with interesting lyrics and tight, hard dance music.
776;10;My first introduction to her was the Eurhythmics but I fell in lust with her when she started her solo career and I have been in love with her ever since...Contrary to most people, I loved her last album Bare.
777;1;A very good compilation and I am very happy with the purchase.
777;2;This is a great collection of the Canned Heat music it has all the best of the Canned Heat,there is one track with John Lee Hooker
777;3;A very good compilation and I am very happy with the purchase.
777;4;This is a great collection of the Canned Heat music it has all the best of the Canned Heat,there is one track with John Lee Hooker
777;5;This is a great collection of the Canned Heat music it has all the best of the Canned Heat,there is one track with John Lee Hooker
777;6;This is a great collection of the Canned Heat music it has all the best of the Canned Heat,there is one track with John Lee Hooker
777;7;This is a great collection of the Canned Heat music it has all the best of the Canned Heat,there is one track with John Lee Hooker
777;8;This is a great collection of the Canned Heat music it has all the best of the Canned Heat,there is one track with John Lee Hooker
777;9;This is a great collection of the Canned Heat music it has all the best of the Canned Heat,there is one track with John Lee Hooker
777;10;God, I love this album!!
881;1;Even though I am not a country fan, some of the offerings on the CD I still enjoyed.
881;2;If there's a CD series even just a bit better than this, it's got to be the extremely classy, intelligent and, above all, age-appropriate Kidz Bop series of original music for pre-school kids.
881;3;Makes a good break for my routing folk / classic rock.
881;4;If there's a CD series even just a bit better than this, it's got to be the extremely classy, intelligent and, above all, age-appropriate Kidz Bop series of original music for pre-school kids.
881;5;If there's a CD series even just a bit better than this, it's got to be the extremely classy, intelligent and, above all, age-appropriate Kidz Bop series of original music for pre-school kids.
881;6;If there's a CD series even just a bit better than this, it's got to be the extremely classy, intelligent and, above all, age-appropriate Kidz Bop series of original music for pre-school kids.
881;7;It's a soft pop song, and the drums help to drive the message forward...9.
881;8;If there's a CD series even just a bit better than this, it's got to be the extremely classy, intelligent and, above all, age-appropriate Kidz Bop series of original music for pre-school kids.
881;9;Would recommend this album for fun.
881;10;Hunter Hayes, "Wanted," is a beautiful and romantic country tune written to a love interest, explaining that he wants to be able to show her how much she means to him.
880;1;All Nighwish is good but this is there greatest, and most epic.
880;2;Breath-taking music, sad lyrics are Tarja is  singing so powerfully and beautifully.
880;3;All Nighwish is good but this is there greatest, and most epic.
880;4;Having all the music and lyrics written by the keyboard player also, you can just imagine what this has to offer on the keyboard front.
880;5;After Oceanborn, i bought once and angels fall first... both not what i expected (read my reviews to understand more)...Wishmaster is pure greatness, and also different from oceanborn...believe me when i say that all the songs on this album are great.
880;6;Having all the music and lyrics written by the keyboard player also, you can just imagine what this has to offer on the keyboard front.
880;7;And this comming from a Finish band is remarkable how a tragedy can travel so far.
880;8;Breath-taking music, sad lyrics are Tarja is  singing so powerfully and beautifully.
880;9;The Kinslayer and Come Cover Me are beautiful heavy pieces that are always fun to listen to.
880;10;It's amazing, and I really loved Tarja's voice.
883;1;My favorite track at the moment is "Where is the fun in Forever".
883;2;My favorite track at the moment is "Where is the fun in Forever".
883;3;i truely enjoy this young man , he his senual romantic , a calm singer from start to finish thankyou
883;4;My favorite track at the moment is "Where is the fun in Forever".
883;5;I remember seeing this in stores bacc in September & October 2012,also reading some great reviews...but i was still sleeping until 106 & Park played the video for "Do You"!!!
883;6;My favorite track at the moment is "Where is the fun in Forever".
883;7;She loves this album and so do I, she hasn't taken it out her car yet.....great buy indeed!!!!
883;8;A fusion of Prince influences, colorful lyrics, and top notch production makes for the strongest R&B release of 2012.
883;9;My favorite track at the moment is "Where is the fun in Forever".
883;10;i truely enjoy this young man , he his senual romantic , a calm singer from start to finish thankyou
882;1;His voice is strong, the arrangements are catchy yet polished, and the mood is fun and upbeat.
882;2;The title tune,"Surprise Surprise",the imaculately crafted "This Life" and the almost blue grassy "Tomorrow Never Knows" (NOT the Beatle classic by the way) are easy candidates for pop singles.
882;3;it transports your spirit to good feelings, hope and memories.
882;4;his ideas and passion are for real.
882;5;Kingdom of Days is another eloquent pop song that focuses on man and wife growing old together with Surprise Surprise closing out this cycle wonderfully...The record closes (I'm ignoring The Wrestler as part of the record - great song that I regard as a separate item) with a goodbye and a sequel to Wild Billy's Circus Story from The Wild, The Innocent, and The E-Street Shuffle.
882;6;The music is crisp and clean, sounding like something from the mid-1960s pop revolution.
882;7;Great for the car for when you're by yourself.
882;8;The lyrics are mostly thoughtful with some quirks and the songcraft is top notch.
882;9;His voice is strong, the arrangements are catchy yet polished, and the mood is fun and upbeat.
882;10;i love bruce and his cannon of music.
885;1;After that, "First Rays of the Rising Sun" offers a good posthumous collection.
885;2;"Ships Passing Through the Night" and "Crying Blue Rain" are true rarities - even for the most cynical collector after so many years of inferior/embarrassing "new" releases and bootlegs - though "Lullaby for the Summer" is a well-known cut...Eddie Kramer does a masterful job with the mixes and John McDermott's essay in the picturesque booklet delivers historical - and indispensable - tidbits.
885;3;After that, "First Rays of the Rising Sun" offers a good posthumous collection.
885;4;He was charming, genuine, gracious.
885;5;They totally missed the musician, the mastery, the power, the man, and focused on the spectacle.
885;6;With the clean, warm sound on this cd, that's exactly what it feels like.
885;7;I admit I love when it speeds up near the end, though..."Bleeding Heart" is mostly about a funky rhythm driving forward a pretty good vocal melody with only scattered moments of passable guitar soloing.
885;8;The lyrics are moving away from the psychedelic babble of AXIS and radically towards the blues.
885;9;He was charming, genuine, gracious.
885;10;A great collection of Jimi Hendrix songs...I love this album...The sound is really clear.
884;1;That was some hot ****" just at the songs conclusion, only to hear a studio feed catching Willie saying something similar...That said, I'm incredibly thrilled with the album, it spans all kinds of emotions like any great album should do... The most fun being on those two cuts and "Roll Me Up and Smoke Me When I Die".
884;2;His singing with other artists is always awesome & this CD fits the bill.
884;3;It is a very good album, but the best song is the scientist.
884;4;His singing with other artists is always awesome & this CD fits the bill.
884;5;His singing with other artists is always awesome & this CD fits the bill.
884;6;His singing with other artists is always awesome & this CD fits the bill.
884;7;His singing with other artists is always awesome & this CD fits the bill.
884;8;That was some hot ****" just at the songs conclusion, only to hear a studio feed catching Willie saying something similar...That said, I'm incredibly thrilled with the album, it spans all kinds of emotions like any great album should do... The most fun being on those two cuts and "Roll Me Up and Smoke Me When I Die".
884;9;That was some hot ****" just at the songs conclusion, only to hear a studio feed catching Willie saying something similar...That said, I'm incredibly thrilled with the album, it spans all kinds of emotions like any great album should do... The most fun being on those two cuts and "Roll Me Up and Smoke Me When I Die".
884;10;Love the songs he did with Luka.
887;1;Good instrumentals and fine vocal backing.
887;2;A 2 minute introduction, as funky as one could wish, with wailing horns and an hypnotic beat before vocals come into play.
887;3;Good instrumentals and fine vocal backing.
887;4;A 2 minute introduction, as funky as one could wish, with wailing horns and an hypnotic beat before vocals come into play.
887;5;A 2 minute introduction, as funky as one could wish, with wailing horns and an hypnotic beat before vocals come into play.
887;6;A 2 minute introduction, as funky as one could wish, with wailing horns and an hypnotic beat before vocals come into play.
887;7;I love this CD and have it in my car as one of 6 played continuously.
887;8;Better if I run off with tons of the public money than show emotion.
887;9;The Ultimate Collection isn't the last word on The Temptations, but it's a splendid starting point to their music, and will add a satisfying portion of sweet-and-sour soul to your next party.
887;10;All I can say is... I love great music and this one is great... thanks  The Temptations have been around for a very long time and they still have it to give to us all.
886;1;It's a straight up song about love and sex, plain and simple, but the lyrics are fun and the trumpet/sax line is just fantastic.
886;2;"Stand Up" isn't bad, but it was far from the greatness of their 1st three albums.
886;3;Not his best but very good
886;4;First of all, let me just say that I am NOT one of those sycophants who automatically give anything by Dave Matthews Band five stars and just rave about how they're the best and anything they do is just the greatest thing ever.
886;5;There are also some interesting tidbits, like Dave Matthews drew the cover artwork and the GrooGrux King bears a slight resemblance to Moore...Altogether, it was enjoyable viewing, especially for someone like me who doesn't always read the fine print in the liner notes.
886;6;First of all, let me just say that I am NOT one of those sycophants who automatically give anything by Dave Matthews Band five stars and just rave about how they're the best and anything they do is just the greatest thing ever.
886;7;provide us a car full of timeless rock and roll performed with outstanding virtuosity.
886;8;It's a straight up song about love and sex, plain and simple, but the lyrics are fun and the trumpet/sax line is just fantastic.
886;9;They've got their fire back, and they know it: I watched the show they did at the Beacon Theatre in NYC last night, and you can really tell they love these songs and are having fun playing together again.
886;10;the eclectic and energetic DMB that everybody loves.
889;1;But the concept will only be as good as the music which, thankfully, is fantastic...This comes from an era when the word "sophisticated" could be used with a straight face to describe a rock album.
889;2;All in all it's a great work that has been overlooked in recent years.
889;3;The title says it all because it is a bit surreal but even with that said it is good solid music with clear lyrics and as you listen and reflect on the story line you will see what I am talking about.
889;4;All in all it's a great work that has been overlooked in recent years.
889;5;The concept of this album is amazing, like reading a book.
889;6;All in all it's a great work that has been overlooked in recent years.
889;7;From the ethereal notes of Dream Within a Dream to the driving beat of Tell Tale Heart, the lilting but creepy words of Cask of Amontillado and last to the fantastic conclusion with the instrumental Fall of the House of Usher, APP captures the essence of Poe's works.
889;8;The title says it all because it is a bit surreal but even with that said it is good solid music with clear lyrics and as you listen and reflect on the story line you will see what I am talking about.
889;9;The entire album is top notch and is especially great for anybody's Halloween party or just anytime listening.
889;10;Especially loved a couple of the songs.
888;1;Most of all, the record is *fun*: it's a distillation of all the youthful foolishness and bravery that made rock's long moment, and it'll be there when the contemporary scene is just too depressing.
888;2;Anyway, what makes this record really work is the combination of Thunders and Sylvain, who add remarkable riffs ("Vietnamese Baby," "Personality Crisis," "Bad Girl"), and David Johansen, who camps it up memorably and hilariously on several tracks ("Looking for a Kiss," "Private World").
888;3;Rousing guitar work,  high energy drums and bass, and some surprisingly good melodies make up  this classic piece.
888;4;"Personality Crisis" is classic Jerry Lee Lewis  rock'n'roll transformed into vibrant, identity-confused proto-punk.
888;5;"Personality Crisis" is classic Jerry Lee Lewis  rock'n'roll transformed into vibrant, identity-confused proto-punk.
888;6;"Personality Crisis" is classic Jerry Lee Lewis  rock'n'roll transformed into vibrant, identity-confused proto-punk.
888;7;The first three tracks are all wicked rockers as "Personality Crisis" combines a fast pace with some tasty piano work and driving guitar lines while "Looking For A Kiss" and "Vietnamese Baby" are all attitude and catchy as sin.
888;8;Anyway, what makes this record really work is the combination of Thunders and Sylvain, who add remarkable riffs ("Vietnamese Baby," "Personality Crisis," "Bad Girl"), and David Johansen, who camps it up memorably and hilariously on several tracks ("Looking for a Kiss," "Private World").
888;9;Most of all, the record is *fun*: it's a distillation of all the youthful foolishness and bravery that made rock's long moment, and it'll be there when the contemporary scene is just too depressing.
888;10;I've loved the Dolls since day one.
891;1;The fact that DL could sound so good in three completely different ways, in three consecutive albums--bang, bang, bang--just speaks to the talent of this great band all the more.
891;2;This album is usually considered as a definitive album of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal.
891;3;The fact that DL could sound so good in three completely different ways, in three consecutive albums--bang, bang, bang--just speaks to the talent of this great band all the more.
891;4;This album is usually considered as a definitive album of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal.
891;5;If you have read my other reviews you will know by now that I was a teenager when these albums were coming out.
891;6;This album is usually considered as a definitive album of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal.
891;7;I love this album, primarily because it's a group of guys determined to succeed, hungry for that success, and their tenacious drive to kick ass!
891;8;It Don't Matter (3:21): Best known for the lyrical quality, Joe Elliot has a knack for making extremely good lyrics out of a few words.
891;9;Joe Elliot decided that it was more fun singing silly love songs to teen age girls, and the party ended for the head bangers.
891;10;Real metal fans love this record as the powerhouse riffs and leaden production make `On Through the Night' one of the shining beacons of the NWOBHM!
890;1;It includes the female anthem Girls Just Want To Have Fun, the funky She Bop, the inspiring and heartwarming Time After Time, the rocker I Drove All Night, the contemplative True Colours, and the offbeat  The Goonies 'R' Good Enough.
890;2;Some of it makes me sad but good music does that.
890;3;It's just one of those feel good songs that you really need to have!!!
890;4;The 80s put out such amazing music!
890;5;I knew from the moment I read the title that it would be a great song and I was right.
890;6;The 80s put out such amazing music!
890;7;"I Drove All Night" had a much more rock feel to it, and it proved that Cyndi was indeed evolving.
890;8;What a great tone, power, emotion and range this girl has!
890;9;People have so much fun when they dance to her.
890;10;Love Cydni and this is a good overview of her career.
893;1;I've seen her roughly 23 times in person and while I completely enjoy seeing her alone on stage, it will be fun if she tours with her band this time as long as the bass doesn't drown her out (hope you are listening, Mark!)
893;2;She also always oozes power to me, whether powerful sexy (for Ex: "Big Wheel"), powerful sad (for Ex: "Dragon"), or powerful strong (for Ex: "Code Red" and "Smokey Joe").
893;3;first of all, i belive that tori was sent here from heaven, shes that good.
893;4;body and soul...one of tori's best work.
893;5;I'm relatively new to Tori Amos (read novice)and as I said, Wow, i'm impressed.
893;6;The best is "Secret Spell," with its widescreen, epic melody that finds beauty in a clean slate, even if love has abruptly met an end...Religious commentary comes with "Father's Son" and the anxious, seething "Body and Soul."
893;7;There are a few classic piano Tori songs included on here but the majority of the songs on here are backed by a full band and are very melody driven.
893;8;What chops, what brilliant tunes, what texture, what lyrics.
893;9;"Beauty Of Speed" is a forgettable song, but it's fun to listen to.
893;10;it requires a full listen and a couple of times at that and if you like Tori you'll love it like I do.
892;1;Set a happy environment at your house by putting this splendid music on the player and sitting back and enjoying it along with the Christmas season.
892;2;The quality of the sound is excellent and even the artwork is terrific...There's not a bad cut on the CD
892;3;good music to listen too while driving and just relaxing at home, their voices mingled in the old time classics, could listen for hours
892;4;This will be a favorite for us for many Christmas's to come.
892;5;This will be a favorite for us for many Christmas's to come.
892;6;Set a happy environment at your house by putting this splendid music on the player and sitting back and enjoying it along with the Christmas season.
892;7;good music to listen too while driving and just relaxing at home, their voices mingled in the old time classics, could listen for hours
892;8;The quality of the sound is excellent and even the artwork is terrific...There's not a bad cut on the CD
892;9;This will be a favorite for us for many Christmas's to come.
892;10;I love listening to these ladies.
895;1;Zombies are good fun, and having a horror themed album with out a "Night of the Living Dead" themed song is a travesty.
895;2;(I like it though...sometimes pain is fun.)
895;3;The female vocalist singing Christine's parts is good, too (Matt is singing our beloved Phantom's parts, of course).
895;4;It sounds like the son of Satan himself actually contributed to the writing.
895;5;So, I bought this cd yesterday after reading the reviews and I loved it.
895;6;The Phantom Opera Ghost...While not actually a 'ghost' {this character is not dead, but resides in the recesses of the opera house manipulating the superstitions of the performers and the crowd to gain his will in acquiring his dear love, the beautiful Christine for his own}, this song contains some wonderfully tender moments, recalling certain memorably romantic scenes from the play, accentuated by the lovely female voice of Yunhui Percifield.
895;7;Next up, we have track five, "Im-Ho-Tep" (Pharaoh's Curse)" which is another blisteringly heavy, mid-tempo headbanger that starts with a really creepy yet cool, melodic Egyptian-style guitar lead in the beginning that builds into some very heavy and driving riff work, and Steve's bass just pounds away throughout, and Barlow also sounds amazing as always especially when he hits those incredible high notes of his.
895;8;Besides the horrific images that Jon Schaffer and Barlow write and sing about respectively, they delve into the passion and emotion that are present in "Phantom Opera Ghost" and "Dracula", while, again, not sounding ridiculously embarrassing...The musicianship is, to put it in words, exceptional and top-notch.
895;9;Zombies are good fun, and having a horror themed album with out a "Night of the Living Dead" themed song is a travesty.
895;10;The Phantom Opera Ghost...While not actually a 'ghost' {this character is not dead, but resides in the recesses of the opera house manipulating the superstitions of the performers and the crowd to gain his will in acquiring his dear love, the beautiful Christine for his own}, this song contains some wonderfully tender moments, recalling certain memorably romantic scenes from the play, accentuated by the lovely female voice of Yunhui Percifield.
894;1;Anyone with a really great stereo system like 1000 watts,8.1 multichanel stereo with 2 12" subwoofers with Denon AL 24 processing Plus will be a very happy person...iam enjoying this cd as we speak WOW!
894;2;She sounds so human and alive - and actually delivers real vocal power - and some growls that are revealing...it is sad that she (and Motown) felt this was too "avante garde".
894;3;Diana's relaxed vocals perfectly capture the song's essence of excitement and freedom.
894;4;It's plain to see why this is her best selling album.
894;5;What I mean by this is that I love hearing her voice and the originals seem to focus more on her interpretations and vocal quality.
894;6;This CD is in heavy rotation in car and house love it all the songs
894;7;This CD is in heavy rotation in car and house love it all the songs
894;8;She sounds so human and alive - and actually delivers real vocal power - and some growls that are revealing...it is sad that she (and Motown) felt this was too "avante garde".
894;9;Diana Ross was certainly no stranger to great dance music having hit No. 1 on the BillBoard Charts in 1976 with the exciting Love hangover and enjoying Top 20 success with the magnificent, The Boss in 1979.
894;10;This CD is in heavy rotation in car and house love it all the songs
864;1;So just take my word for it that all the other songs are really good.
864;2;"Playing the Game" has delicious main instrumental lines that remind me of the soundtrack from Doki Doki Panic (well, to some people that would be a _bad_ thing).
864;3;"Playing the Game" has delicious main instrumental lines that remind me of the soundtrack from Doki Doki Panic (well, to some people that would be a _bad_ thing).
864;4;The opener "Proclamation" is a really funky rocker with a powerful middle section of heavy electric organs and dissonant vocals.
864;5;But w/ the great 5.1 mix, the entrancing visuals and especially the ability to read the unfamiliar lyrics, I not only got into the complex music, it was a true revelation.
864;6;Finally saw them twice in one night (thanks to Bill Graham) we were to high to drive home.
864;7;Finally saw them twice in one night (thanks to Bill Graham) we were to high to drive home.
864;8;"Playing the Game" has delicious main instrumental lines that remind me of the soundtrack from Doki Doki Panic (well, to some people that would be a _bad_ thing).
864;9;Several GG classics on this one, including "Proclamation" and "So Sincere," the very beautiful "Aspirations" and "No God's A Man," and the fun "Playing The Game."
864;10;For some the style may be an acquired taste (the band even named an album in reference to that fact) but anyone interested in Prog Rock should give them at least a chance, and will probably find themselves hooked...The trademark Gentle Giant style is a mixture of complex time signatures, multiple musical changes and interweaving vocal patterns, coupled with excellent drum work that holds the songs together and prevents them from sounding too bizarre.
865;1;(see "Braveheart Party", however "Heaven" on God's Son is a very Good song!)
865;2;She's my heart and this made me think about the future.
865;3;(see "Braveheart Party", however "Heaven" on God's Son is a very Good song!)
865;4;I listened to the whole album in the gym yesterday and I love it!
865;5;For anyone who doesn't know why Nas is considered one of the best of all time, please study this album...closely.
865;6;The other way it hits home is with my niece.
865;7;She's my heart and this made me think about the future.
865;8;The beats emotion and lyrics are amazing.
865;9;She's my heart and this made me think about the future.
865;10;I love that Sax in the background.
866;1;The sound quality is fantastic.
866;2;Shows you how they recorded years ago.
866;3;Some of the songs didn't get radiotime but are just as good as good as the ones that did, have a listen and you will agree.
866;4;Shows you how they recorded years ago.
866;5;Shows you how they recorded years ago.
866;6;this L.P. brings back such great memories partying in H.S. I got (the L.P.)it from Columbia house!
866;7;Had it years ago and tripped across it on Amazon.
866;8;The guitar work is mesmerizing and the lyrics run the gamut of emotions.
866;9;'All Night Laundry Mat Blues' is a filler, but fun.
866;10;I've always loved Joe Walsh music and this is my favorite album of his.
867;1;The good news is that this misnamed album is a perfectly credible compilation of most the Winchester, VA native's best work on Decca records from 1957-1963.
867;2;She truly uses these songs as vehicles by which to express the universal truths of human love and pain.
867;3;Her voice has the feel of a cool breeze over a calm lake, especially in the song "If you got leavin' on your mind."
867;4;Twenty six reviews, all five stars!
867;5;Twenty six reviews, all five stars!
867;6;Twenty six reviews, all five stars!
867;7;Twenty six reviews, all five stars!
867;8;If you want the basics as it concerns Patsy Cline, the big hits are all here in glorious sound in songs for the most part written by prolific country writers, sung with heart and emotion and orchestrated in a way that thrills.
867;9;every song is a joy to listen to and there are even some songs you want to dance to!!!
867;10;There are tons of classics on this CD, and hearing them as a rather 'young' fan of Patsy (42), I just loved all the songs all over again...and was proud to be a part of the celebrations around her life.
868;1;Every single song is great and fun to sing along to.
868;2;My husband loves this guy.
868;3;And the amazing thing is in another 5 years he'll probably be able to put  out another boxed set, with just as many good songs.
868;4;My husband loves this guy.
868;5;My husband loves this guy.
868;6;My husband loves this guy.
868;7;Great to listen in the car when they are playing junk on the radio.
868;8;My husband loves this guy.
868;9;Every single song is great and fun to sing along to.
868;10;My husband loves this guy.
869;1;I love popping in this and just enjoying good ole' Deftones.
869;2;Pain is a good example of what most of Will Haven's music is like.
869;3;This band is hip hop influenced which is good (calm down I'm not saying they're like Linkin Park or anything) but they certainly have that influence, which sets them apart from other metal bands since their songs all have a good melody.
869;4;so i then went back to this album and liked it better then around the fur.
869;5;I've read these reviews a lot and each person's favorite songs are different.
869;6;Although their following albums were cleaned up considerably, and sounded the better for it, "Adrenaline" is still great in it's own way.
869;7;so i then went back to this album and liked it better then around the fur.
869;8;As I said earlier, the songs are very simple, and rely on as few riffs as possible, with Chino mumbling lyrics using a very um... unique vocal style.
869;9;so i then went back to this album and liked it better then around the fur.
869;10;I love popping in this and just enjoying good ole' Deftones.
870;1;The rest of the album is very good, yet they don't come close to the brilliance of these few songs
870;2;If many of the bad reviews where for the music, then go back to whatever crap you think is musical genius.
870;3;The rest of the album is very good, yet they don't come close to the brilliance of these few songs
870;4;He speaks a couple of handfuls of languages fluently for goodness sake.
870;5;:) is that if you know about musical structure and study these  compositions REALLY close, they do have a strong, carefully thought out  structure...a wild structure, sure, but these guys knew exactly what they  were doing in assembling these songs right from the beginning.
870;6;It culminates with Patton saying "There's no place like home" in different voices including a hilarious old granny voice...Stub a Dub is an entertaining, and often quite pretty eulogy to a dead dog.
870;7;He speaks a couple of handfuls of languages fluently for goodness sake.
870;8;The lyrics are about the life and death of a family dog, and Patton's wicked sense of humor runs unbridled through the entire song.
870;9;Scathing lyrics, nice baritones, decent brass, heavy metal, funkadelic, what a lot of fun!
870;10;He speaks a couple of handfuls of languages fluently for goodness sake.
871;1;The only song I don't like is Pigeon Song, but 11 great songs out of 12 is pretty good for three military kids in England trying to get their foot in the door.
871;2;The only song I don't like is Pigeon Song, but 11 great songs out of 12 is pretty good for three military kids in England trying to get their foot in the door.
871;3;The only song I don't like is Pigeon Song, but 11 great songs out of 12 is pretty good for three military kids in England trying to get their foot in the door.
871;4;The only song I don't like is Pigeon Song, but 11 great songs out of 12 is pretty good for three military kids in England trying to get their foot in the door.
871;5;The only song I don't like is Pigeon Song, but 11 great songs out of 12 is pretty good for three military kids in England trying to get their foot in the door.
871;6;The only song I don't like is Pigeon Song, but 11 great songs out of 12 is pretty good for three military kids in England trying to get their foot in the door.
871;7;This was music created by three very talented musicians and composers with "fire in the belly"- these songs were practiced in their car, this is prior to George Martin who would transform them into an extremely good pop music 1970's band.
871;8;The only song I don't like is Pigeon Song, but 11 great songs out of 12 is pretty good for three military kids in England trying to get their foot in the door.
871;9;The only song I don't like is Pigeon Song, but 11 great songs out of 12 is pretty good for three military kids in England trying to get their foot in the door.
871;10;One more thing after you buy this CD and admitt that you really love these songs, and take a step further... go buy the new America CD, "Here and Now," it's the best recording from these guys within the last 30 years.
872;1;Every song is great and there is a good balance between the heavy rock and the softer songs.
872;2;Tesla never have put a bad album out and this is just a terrific album and needs to be heard immediately!
872;3;Every song is great and there is a good balance between the heavy rock and the softer songs.
872;4;Another solid effort from one of the best remaining bands that I still truly Love.
872;5;Another solid effort from one of the best remaining bands that I still truly Love.
872;6;It's amazing what some wisdom and a clean life can produce.
872;7;Another solid effort from one of the best remaining bands that I still truly Love.
872;8;Stellar production, songwriting, lyrics, arrangements, and performances.
872;9;Another solid effort from one of the best remaining bands that I still truly Love.
872;10;I love the opening track MP3 which in a way chronicles the state of the music format.
873;1;Great music and good selections!
873;2;I love this couple  His voice is absolutely marvelous.
873;3;Great music and good selections!
873;4;I love this couple  His voice is absolutely marvelous.
873;5;I have read a lot of nasty comments about their break up, but they are both still so young and so talented.
873;6;I love this couple  His voice is absolutely marvelous.
873;7;I love this couple  His voice is absolutely marvelous.
873;8;Charlotte's lovely soprano voice rings crystal clear as she shows her range and ability...Jonathan and Charlotte sing not only with breath and vocal chords but with their hearts and emotions which makes their music very real.
873;9;Keep your humility and friendship and when you are feeling overwhelmed go back and watch your initial BGT audition.
873;10;I love this couple  His voice is absolutely marvelous.
874;1;The fun,dance numbers are all here,"Emotions,Make it Happen(Mariah's Bio)and "Your so Cold,"but my favorite cuts are the ballads.
874;2;Well recommended for the emotions, the happy and sad ones.
874;3;AND YOU DON'T REMEMBER-A very good song
874;4;Still shy in interviews, still sporting her early trademark curly hair and a youthful promise for the future, she had burst onto the music scene just a little over a year earlier, stunning many with her shockingly enormous voice projected from such a tiny body.
874;5;AND YOU DON'T REMEMBER-A very good song
874;6;Back in 1991 when I first heard Can't Let Go, I loved the song so much that I bought the tape and everyday before I went to school and after I got home from school, I listened to it over and over because I loved it so much.
874;7;Great for singing along with in the car.
874;8;Well recommended for the emotions, the happy and sad ones.
874;9;The fun,dance numbers are all here,"Emotions,Make it Happen(Mariah's Bio)and "Your so Cold,"but my favorite cuts are the ballads.
874;10;"I love "If its Over,"Co-written by the legend,Carole King.
875;1;This CD is perhaps a little inconsistent, but the music is good 'ol blues, a staple most SRV fans have come to enjoy and will only want more of after they hear this album.
875;2;The debut (1983's "Texas Flood") was recorded with the intention of making some nice demos they could shop to labels, but with some touched up vocals, it actually got them a deal and was released as is.
875;3;Well, they're all pretty good, but this is the first album the band recorded actually KNOWING that they were making an album!
875;4;The debut (1983's "Texas Flood") was recorded with the intention of making some nice demos they could shop to labels, but with some touched up vocals, it actually got them a deal and was released as is.
875;5;Stevie's guitar playing is soulful and virtuosic, his band could not be tighter, and his vocals add the perfect focus for his songwriting.
875;6;The debut (1983's "Texas Flood") was recorded with the intention of making some nice demos they could shop to labels, but with some touched up vocals, it actually got them a deal and was released as is.
875;7;The debut (1983's "Texas Flood") was recorded with the intention of making some nice demos they could shop to labels, but with some touched up vocals, it actually got them a deal and was released as is.
875;8;There may have been guitarists in the past who were more in touch with the raw emotion of the blues, but nobody can match his technique, his precision, and his fire.
875;9;The debut (1983's "Texas Flood") was recorded with the intention of making some nice demos they could shop to labels, but with some touched up vocals, it actually got them a deal and was released as is.
875;10;The CD came at a reasonable time in delivery and I love SRV with a passion.
876;1;Their first "official" duo album remains among their best with strong material, flawless playing and beautifully realized harmonies...The SACD layer will be a treat for fans with multi-channel set ups but that doesn't mean you can't enjoy the album in stereo as the CD layer sounds exceptional as well...Steve Hoffmann's mastering is sympathetic to the material with a warm, full bodied presentation of the material that reminds me of the vinyl in terms of the overall tone.
876;2;Their first "official" duo album remains among their best with strong material, flawless playing and beautifully realized harmonies...The SACD layer will be a treat for fans with multi-channel set ups but that doesn't mean you can't enjoy the album in stereo as the CD layer sounds exceptional as well...Steve Hoffmann's mastering is sympathetic to the material with a warm, full bodied presentation of the material that reminds me of the vinyl in terms of the overall tone.
876;3;Never had a Loggins and Messina album, it is good too!
876;4;Their first "official" duo album remains among their best with strong material, flawless playing and beautifully realized harmonies...The SACD layer will be a treat for fans with multi-channel set ups but that doesn't mean you can't enjoy the album in stereo as the CD layer sounds exceptional as well...Steve Hoffmann's mastering is sympathetic to the material with a warm, full bodied presentation of the material that reminds me of the vinyl in terms of the overall tone.
876;5;Their first "official" duo album remains among their best with strong material, flawless playing and beautifully realized harmonies...The SACD layer will be a treat for fans with multi-channel set ups but that doesn't mean you can't enjoy the album in stereo as the CD layer sounds exceptional as well...Steve Hoffmann's mastering is sympathetic to the material with a warm, full bodied presentation of the material that reminds me of the vinyl in terms of the overall tone.
876;6;It was an amazing evening and when I listen to this album today I am still taken with the superb audio quality we achieved recording in Jimmy's house and the incredible quality of the music we captured...Working with Jimmy and Kenny will always be one of the highlights of my life.
876;7;The SACD includes both the 4.0 quad mix as well as the original stereo mix in both SACD and CD formats...I, also, enjoyed listening to the stereo mix in the car...There have been other 4.0 mixes released by Audio Fidelity.
876;8;Exceptional harmonies and insightful lyrics coupled with well phrased music make this album an outstanding example of just darn good listening...A must for every music lover.
876;9;Their first "official" duo album remains among their best with strong material, flawless playing and beautifully realized harmonies...The SACD layer will be a treat for fans with multi-channel set ups but that doesn't mean you can't enjoy the album in stereo as the CD layer sounds exceptional as well...Steve Hoffmann's mastering is sympathetic to the material with a warm, full bodied presentation of the material that reminds me of the vinyl in terms of the overall tone.
876;10;This album has elements of rock, pop, classical and baroque
877;1;Its a fun song to dance too, and even though Nicholas Brendon's voice is not all that good his enthusiasm and (wonderful) actings kills make up for it.
877;2;Dawn dances around with the people who captured her to a brilliant instrumental before singing along with the main Bad Guy.
877;3;Its not a bad one, but has good beats and a nice performance.
877;4;She manages to kill the demons and slay the vampires while singing away to her heart's content!
877;5;This amazing composer worked on the series full time for years, then departed to focus on scoring films, but returned to provide instrumental pieces and the overture for Once More, With Feeling.
877;6;She manages to kill the demons and slay the vampires while singing away to her heart's content!
877;7;I love that I can listen to the music in my car to and from school.
877;8;He does this to the best of his ability yet wrote every single lyric to every song on Once More, With Feeling - he even composed the music and wrote/direct the episode!
877;9;Its a fun song to dance too, and even though Nicholas Brendon's voice is not all that good his enthusiasm and (wonderful) actings kills make up for it.
877;10;Nicholas Brendon and Emma Caulfield give surprisingly good vocal performances as the two love birds.
878;1;If you enjoy their music enough to want more than just a hits collection, this is a good place to start  collecting their original albums.
878;2;The Rickenbacher is in fine form as always, and I've seen a lot of negative reviews of "Mind Gardens" Now admittedly I smoke a lot of dope, but I think it's a great song.
878;3;If all this is too painful to even think about, then stick with Good Ol' YTY - one of The Byrds' (and 1967's) finest pop releases.
878;4;A much bigger surprise was the unpredictable emergence of Chris Hillman as a composer, contributing to seven of the seventeen.
878;5;A much bigger surprise was the unpredictable emergence of Chris Hillman as a composer, contributing to seven of the seventeen.
878;6;A much bigger surprise was the unpredictable emergence of Chris Hillman as a composer, contributing to seven of the seventeen.
878;7;Get this one for a real trip.
878;8;Hillman's 'Time Between' (perhaps the first country-rock outing) features gorgeous melodies, Crosby's 'Everybody's Been Burned' possesses a haunting, melodramatic melody and incisive lyrics, 'Lady Friend' has a great chorus line, and 'The Girl With No Name' and 'It Happens Each Day' are both worthy ballads.
878;9;As David Crosby once said, it comes across as "a little cynical," but also like a lot of fun.
878;10;"Everybody's Been Burned" is haunting, beautiful and wistful in a Nick Drake sort of way - along with "Lady Friend" probably the only two songs by Crosby I can say I really love...The country rock tracks are my least favorite on the album, but even they are top-notch for the genre.
879;1;Music made me happy though their were no mint juleps to be made that day...life is still good.
879;2;It is basically the "other love song".
879;3;It has some very good instrumentation and vocals...Bones is supposed to be the second single.
879;4;It is basically the "other love song".
879;5;I wanted to give it a good listen through in order to be able to accurately review it...I have read several professional reviews (and amatuer ones) that want to bring Springsteen comparisons.
879;6;I bought this album the day it came out, got home, listened to it and it is NO hot fuss.
879;7;If you are looking for yet another great album from the Killers which takes you back to the days of The Cure and Springsteen, take a trip to Sam's Town.
879;8;With lyrics like "Breakin' out of this two-star town..." you can tell it is kind of a "go your own seperate ways" song...Uncle Jonny is a stand-out song on the album and cleverly original.
879;9;"Bones", complete with horns, is one of my favorite cuts and it's a tidal wave of pure fun from start to finish.
879;10;I was quite surprised to see that there are actually a few soft, romantic love songs, (which I didn't know the killers could pull off!)
851;1;I highly recommend this album to those that are interested in listening to good music that is well written and performed by a beautiful woman with a beautiful voice who sings with an incomparable depth of emotion in each and every song
851;2;an acoustic live cd is included in this version of the globe sessions, and the performances are excellent.
851;3;I highly recommend this album to those that are interested in listening to good music that is well written and performed by a beautiful woman with a beautiful voice who sings with an incomparable depth of emotion in each and every song
851;4;an acoustic live cd is included in this version of the globe sessions, and the performances are excellent.
851;5;an acoustic live cd is included in this version of the globe sessions, and the performances are excellent.
851;6;The songs on her third release are not as easily accessible
851;7;If you doubt the power of music to evoke moods or emotions, if you love the connection between the magic of great music and the ability it has to wound or heal, to incite passion or bestow the gift of inner peace, and if you want to travel to new places and actually feel the emotions of another person....then listen to Globe Sessions.
851;8;My Favorite Mistake features some outstanding guitar from her guitarist Peter Stroud...Anything but Down is another great song...The Difficult Kind follows, and features some outstanding harmony as well as fine lyrics.
851;9;"There Goes The Neighborhood" uses a clap track, horns, and loose guitar riffs to make a great party song, and "Mississippi", a southern-style Bob Dylan cover, is very upbeat...The best track on "The Globe Sessions" is undoubtedly "The Difficult Kind."
851;10;I have always loved Sheryl Crows music and this is the first cd I have ever bought of hers and I bought it today (yes, I don't believe that either).
850;1;I really enjoy med thus Cd Set!!!
850;2;This is absolutely the best live recording I have heard.
850;3;all great song and good renditions and singing thru-out
850;4;This is absolutely the best live recording I have heard.
850;5;This is absolutely the best live recording I have heard.
850;6;The man and his band really cook.
850;7;This is absolutely the best live recording I have heard.
850;8;As to the songs and musicianship well that was always without question - some of your favorite tunes given a fresh take and Gregg Allman's lyrics and singing still able to pierce your soul.
850;9;As he says at the show's conclusion, "Sure was fun.
850;10;A very fine live recording of Gregg Allman and his band, which features a couple former Allman Brothers members.
849;1;Every aspect of the album is fantastic and Just as good as the first.
849;2;Not a bad beginning, but nothing spectacular.
849;3;Even the latter tracks are still good
849;4;This is a great follow up to Opus Eponymous.
849;5;"Greatest threat" brings us life, it comes across as a mantra, begging you to sing along with the chorus, with very simple lyrics and easy to decipher the true meaning, read between the lines..."Jigolo Har Megiddo" sounds like a long lost recording from the first Boston record, spot on organ, over the top perfection...Infestissumam is that good.
849;6;IMO Ghost is one of the best newly formed metal bands out there, It's like they play black metal but the vocals are clean and you can clearly understand every word that Papa Emeritus is saying.
849;7;This is a great follow up to Opus Eponymous.
849;8;Not a bad beginning, but nothing spectacular.
849;9;Listening to a Ghost album is like watching "Rosemary's Baby" or some other creepy movie that involves the devil and religion...but it's only a show people, all in fun and done to entertain you, nothing more.
849;10;I loved it, it was innovative and completely unlike anything I had ever heard before.
848;1;good, you can thank me later, enjoy.
848;2;A solid song, nothing awesome, but nothing bad.
848;3;But let's get to the good stuff.
848;4;All things considered, I see this as being a modern day classic, along with the likes of Lamb of God's Ashes of the Wake...Shadows Fall are one of this day and ages bands that keep true metal alive.
848;5;All things considered, I see this as being a modern day classic, along with the likes of Lamb of God's Ashes of the Wake...Shadows Fall are one of this day and ages bands that keep true metal alive.
848;6;The later sounds like there is a crackling fire in the background (quite soothing)...There are also clean vocals on many of the choruses which sound excellent.
848;7;It's got some of the heaviest moment on the album and it can drive you insane if ya let it.
848;8;A solid song, nothing awesome, but nothing bad.
848;9;Truthfully, I wrote that first part to make fun of all the individuals who try to downplay this CD.
848;10;I love this band along with this album.
855;1;Prima Donna - Fantastic song about being confident and having fun.
855;2;I haven't crossed anything I hate on it at all...Now here are the negatives about it................................................................On her first album and third album she sheerly expresses her fantastic vocal cords.
855;3;I Am (Stripped) - Just as good as the regular.
855;4;I love this version too.
855;5;I love this version too.
855;6;I love this version too.
855;7;I love this version too.
855;8;While some of the lyrics are not high are by any stretch of the imagination, the album is pure fun to listen to...There are many different version of "Bionic" available for purchase.
855;9;Not Myself Tonight, while not the best choice for the first single, is a fun dance song as well as the title track, the giggly crassness of WooHoo, glassy Elastic Love, and spicy Desnudate.
855;10;I love this version too.
854;1;I do not offer that to suggest any type of "religious" connotation, rather, I mean to say that, just as the Lord fills me with His light, so also does truly good music shine a light in the darkest corners of my psyche, my mind, my heart.
854;2;The fast pace main theme with its sad undertow of things to come, & the ultimate Irish Jig of "The Kiss"...what master pieces with layers of cross current melodies.
854;3;I do not offer that to suggest any type of "religious" connotation, rather, I mean to say that, just as the Lord fills me with His light, so also does truly good music shine a light in the darkest corners of my psyche, my mind, my heart.
854;4;Most of the music I listen to is classical, but I love this recording and play it frequently.
854;5;Most of the music I listen to is classical, but I love this recording and play it frequently.
854;6;Most of the music I listen to is classical, but I love this recording and play it frequently.
854;7;Ive watched the DVD many times but its nice to have the musical score to listen to at work or in the car.
854;8;Ill never forget the first time I saw Last of the Mohicans on the big screen, and this soundtrack brings back all the emotions and excitement.
854;9;Most of the music I listen to is classical, but I love this recording and play it frequently.
854;10;Most of the music I listen to is classical, but I love this recording and play it frequently.
853;1;The Elton John band ROCKS this thing - I was SO happy that Elton decided to make a."rock" album again, Davey and Nigel are fantastic (as always) - hearkens back to my youth - love Elton on all his albums, but this just did my heart good.
853;2;BLUE WONDERFUL: About someones love for a pixie-like spirit affected by wanderlust, this is an exquisite, mid-tempo ballad that Bob Dylan really ought to cover.
853;3;"Blue Wonderful","A Good Heart",the acoustic driven "Tambourine" and the beautifully arranged closer "The Open Chord" are all richly melodic ballads in the classic Elton/Bernie style...  From song to song,tempo to tempo this album is a lot of fun.
853;4;At an age when most classic rockers are either doing 'the great gig in the sky', or long retired from the industry, the dynamic duo of Elton and Bernie are still giving us some wonderful, quality 'old school' rock in a 'musical desert era'!
853;5;At an age when most classic rockers are either doing 'the great gig in the sky', or long retired from the industry, the dynamic duo of Elton and Bernie are still giving us some wonderful, quality 'old school' rock in a 'musical desert era'!
853;6;As Elton sings, with evident happiness and satisfaction, Youre an open chord Im gonna play all day, we see how he feels nowadays, as an Elder Statesman of Rock who loves what he does professionally and, with all his heart, the family he goes home to.
853;7;"Blue Wonderful","A Good Heart",the acoustic driven "Tambourine" and the beautifully arranged closer "The Open Chord" are all richly melodic ballads in the classic Elton/Bernie style...  From song to song,tempo to tempo this album is a lot of fun.
853;8;The album is full of catchy songs, telling lyrics, and some of that energy which has been missing in his last albums.
853;9;"Blue Wonderful","A Good Heart",the acoustic driven "Tambourine" and the beautifully arranged closer "The Open Chord" are all richly melodic ballads in the classic Elton/Bernie style...  From song to song,tempo to tempo this album is a lot of fun.
853;10;this is his BEST effort since the early 80's, back to the great pop rock tunes with a couple of great ballads thrown in.
852;1;But here in "Celebrity Skin" the raw emotions are tempered with well crafted music, and ironically pretty vocals...I hope that one day Ms. Love may grow up for good and all and make this kind of album again...But that's just me
852;2;The final word from Hole(sad to say)and probably their best hour.
852;3;But here in "Celebrity Skin" the raw emotions are tempered with well crafted music, and ironically pretty vocals...I hope that one day Ms. Love may grow up for good and all and make this kind of album again...But that's just me
852;4;and i'm satisfied with it.
852;5;this cd has some powerful lyrics that i like you to read.
852;6;and i'm satisfied with it.
852;7;Great CD to drive to...As crazy and self-destructive as Courtney Love is, she proves that she has the talent of her late husband, Kurt Cobain.
852;8;She is a talented musician and she lays her emotions out for all to see with her lyrics and performance.
852;9;"Use Once & Destroy" is an interesting song dealing with drugs, and "Heaven Tonight" is a fun pop type track.
852;10;I love every song from beginning to end.
859;1;I like every song on this but I think the Zepplin cover of Thank You is my favorite, not that it is a better song than any of Cornell's originals, but I really enjoy when an artist makes a cover song sound better than the original.
859;2;We respond to the pain, the contemplation, and above the truth in the words that he preaches to us with incredible voice.
859;3;Awesome live versions, good sound quality.
859;4;A selection of my favorites spanning Temple of the Dog, Soundgarden, and Audioslave, as well as his own solo work.
859;5;A selection of my favorites spanning Temple of the Dog, Soundgarden, and Audioslave, as well as his own solo work.
859;6;Quality packaging, well pressed vinyl with clean, dynamic sound.
859;7;A selection of my favorites spanning Temple of the Dog, Soundgarden, and Audioslave, as well as his own solo work.
859;8;Great lyrics, some of his best songs.
859;9;A selection of my favorites spanning Temple of the Dog, Soundgarden, and Audioslave, as well as his own solo work.
859;10;I have not purchased the whole cd, but I did purchase 6 songs off of it so far, and this man's voice is beautiful, so powerful, I love it!
858;1;They are very good and nice clean family fun listening to them!
858;2;Listening to this music really puts you in the holiday spirit.
858;3;They are very good and nice clean family fun listening to them!
858;4;Listening to this music really puts you in the holiday spirit.
858;5;Listening to this music really puts you in the holiday spirit.
858;6;They are very good and nice clean family fun listening to them!
858;7;Listening to this music really puts you in the holiday spirit.
858;8;Listening to this music really puts you in the holiday spirit.
858;9;They are very good and nice clean family fun listening to them!
858;10;I loved this kind of Christmas music -- my generation.
857;1;If you saw and enjoyed the movie you'll be happy to see a couple extra tracks.
857;2;The soundtrack to the Academy Award winning musical "Chicago" is pretty good.
857;3;The soundtrack to the Academy Award winning musical "Chicago" is pretty good.
857;4;The soundtrack to the Academy Award winning musical "Chicago" is pretty good.
857;5;Thankfully the CD focuses on the score and that makes this a strong soundtrack especially if you are a huge fan of the hit film.
857;6;The soundtrack to the Academy Award winning musical "Chicago" is pretty good.
857;7;The soundtrack to the Academy Award winning musical "Chicago" is pretty good.
857;8;He feels invisible and I think he got the emotion in his voice just perfect.
857;9;Chicago soundtrack is non-stop fun.
857;10;I loved the movie & I LOVE the soundtrack!!!!!
856;1;Ever since I heard her "Annabel Lee"  I've admired and enjoyed her art.
856;2;Every bit the joy or pain of a given song just wails out to the walls through her amazing voice.
856;3;Every song here makes me feel something, something good.
856;4;This set sparkles with originality, depth, and finesse, and every song on it shines and beautifully illustrates how far she's come since her first album.
856;5;This set sparkles with originality, depth, and finesse, and every song on it shines and beautifully illustrates how far she's come since her first album.
856;6;This set sparkles with originality, depth, and finesse, and every song on it shines and beautifully illustrates how far she's come since her first album.
856;7;This set sparkles with originality, depth, and finesse, and every song on it shines and beautifully illustrates how far she's come since her first album.
856;8;To my ears there are very few folk artists that make music that touches the emotions of human life like this young woman.
856;9;She is such a fluid player and her voice beautifully dances within her songs.
856;10;In the midst of finishing this album, Sarah graduated with honors from the extremely prestigious New England Conservatory--and I think everything she was exposed to there enabled her to both more more confident in her sound as well as branch out a bit...Sarah is part of a very exciting movement of young people who love traditional folk music yet understand how to frame it within a more modern melodic palette.
863;1;If you enjoy this band, pick up this CD and you'll find yourself falling in love with their music all over again, trust me.
863;2;"Shake it Up" (my fave) and "Tonight She Comes" will have your toes tapping, and there isn't a bad track on the CD...This is one compilation that will definitely stay in your player for awhile.
863;3;Good solid rock n roll.
863;4;The Cars are one of those rare bands able to put out a greatest hits collection in which nearly every song WAS in fact a hit.
863;5;The Cars are one of those rare bands able to put out a greatest hits collection in which nearly every song WAS in fact a hit.
863;6;The Cars are one of those rare bands able to put out a greatest hits collection in which nearly every song WAS in fact a hit.
863;7;Nevertheless, there are plenty of Cars classics on this album, including four from "Heartbeat City," ("Magic," "Drive," "You Might Think" and the title track) their most popular album.
863;8;"Shake it Up" (my fave) and "Tonight She Comes" will have your toes tapping, and there isn't a bad track on the CD...This is one compilation that will definitely stay in your player for awhile.
863;9;The Cars are one of those rare bands able to put out a greatest hits collection in which nearly every song WAS in fact a hit.
863;10;Aha, another from the 80's, my ex girlfriend loved the song," Drive," off of this album, but I liked it all thanks.
862;1;Thank you for picking out such fantastic songs (my favorite is the last track--"That's All").
862;2;Rod Stewart singing the old classics makes it easier to bear the pain of admitting that deep down, we loved Sinatra, and Porter and Cole and the myriad other singers of classic songs of love...Stewart is the ideal vehicle for this collection.
862;3;"You Go To My Head" - Haven Gillespie & J. Fred Coots' jewel sung in a very relaxed atmosphere.
862;4;This is a great relaxing romantic cd from Rod Stewart as well as his sequel one As Time Goes By.
862;5;This is a great relaxing romantic cd from Rod Stewart as well as his sequel one As Time Goes By.
862;6;This is a great relaxing romantic cd from Rod Stewart as well as his sequel one As Time Goes By.
862;7;This is a great relaxing romantic cd from Rod Stewart as well as his sequel one As Time Goes By.
862;8;Each of these songs are perfectly engineered, with memorable lyrics rendered in just an amazing style by Stewart.
862;9;As soon as I heard him singing, I HAD to dance!
862;10;This is a great relaxing romantic cd from Rod Stewart as well as his sequel one As Time Goes By.
861;1;This song is as good as it gets when it comes to "fun".
861;2;This is a remarkable single that sounds like nothing else before it, with impassioned singing by Phil Collins set against the impersonal, heavy machinery sound of the drum machine.
861;3;The second half is just as good as the first half and the whole album is totally awesome.
861;4;This is a remarkable single that sounds like nothing else before it, with impassioned singing by Phil Collins set against the impersonal, heavy machinery sound of the drum machine.
861;5;This is a remarkable single that sounds like nothing else before it, with impassioned singing by Phil Collins set against the impersonal, heavy machinery sound of the drum machine.
861;6;If you don't think these two cuts are progressive rock, as well as even the first 'Home by the Sea,' than in my opinion, you need to get your ears cleaned...Now, granted, there are the pop songs and the ballads here as well, but they are fine pop songs.
861;7;Although mostly in 4/4 time, it is a story of a haunted house & then an epic electronic drum driven instrumental sequence...  Totally genesis...  This is also the 1st album where phil uses electric drums along with his gretcsh acoustic drums.
861;8;Besides the great lyrics, Tony Banks really shines.
861;9;It's a fun song in this respect.
861;10;I love the versatility both in Phil's voice and in the music throughout the album.
860;1;Best is a good definition for this alb.
860;2;Back in the day when these phenomenal.brothers 1st released these tunes, my.friends & I were definitely hooked to their.unique style & guitar talent.
860;3;This music calms me down and always puts me in a good mood.
860;4;Back in the day when these phenomenal.brothers 1st released these tunes, my.friends & I were definitely hooked to their.unique style & guitar talent.
860;5;Back in the day when these phenomenal.brothers 1st released these tunes, my.friends & I were definitely hooked to their.unique style & guitar talent.
860;6;Back in the day when these phenomenal.brothers 1st released these tunes, my.friends & I were definitely hooked to their.unique style & guitar talent.
860;7;I listen to it while I am on the computer and often take it with me on long trips.
860;8;Back in the day when these phenomenal.brothers 1st released these tunes, my.friends & I were definitely hooked to their.unique style & guitar talent.
860;9;A lot of these songs take me back to our old school block parties...
860;10;I love the brother Johnson old school music is the best!!!
834;1;It really made me realize how much went in to it, and it was fantastic to hear Martin and Son talking about how they did it.
834;2;actually made me want to see the live show a 2nd time!
834;3;I noticed the signs were still up in the movie "The Hangover", so the chances are that it will be there for a good decade.
834;4;actually made me want to see the live show a 2nd time!
834;5;actually made me want to see the live show a 2nd time!
834;6;For me it was worth it to get to see the live show and to hear the fabulous surround sound music George Martin and Son had cooked up!
834;7;This segment is only 9 minutes but being played over a proper 5.1 audio system, it teases you and makes you want to take a road trip to Vegas!
834;8;actually made me want to see the live show a 2nd time!
834;9;If you know the soundtrack, you know George Martin's fount of creativity is nowhere close to tapping out...I delight in knowing that "Love" sprung out of a friendship between George Harrison and Cirque founder Guy Lalibert.
834;10;I highly recommend this documentary to all Beatles fans, except those who just plain hate the whole "Love" thing.
835;1;"Crazy Happy" is a fun song, which is exactly what the title implies..."Free At Last" is the most unique cut on the CD.
835;2;Great music from a superb band.
835;3;Keep up the good work!
835;4;Great music from a superb band.
835;5;I also appreciate the fact that most of the lyrics are focused on something other than the basic love song motif...The opening cut, "Now," is a unique sound for Chicago (clearly influenced by Earth, Wind & Fire) that features Jason Scheff doing a great job on lead vocals.
835;6;Great music from a superb band.
835;7;For anyone who thinks he's mellowed, listen to the provocative and intense Naked in the Garden of Allah, which features the most progressive horns I've heard from this band in decades...Robert is a driving force, producing both mellow songs (Crazy Happy, Another Trippy Day) and rockers (Naked, Free at Last).
835;8;The music is a perfect foil for Robert Lamms politically charges lyrics.
835;9;"Crazy Happy" is a fun song, which is exactly what the title implies..."Free At Last" is the most unique cut on the CD.
835;10;My  Boyfriend loves this cd if you like Chicago then you have to buy this cd you will love it.
832;1;If you enjoy their music enough to want more than just a hits collection, this is a good place to start  collecting their original albums.
832;2;The Rickenbacher is in fine form as always, and I've seen a lot of negative reviews of "Mind Gardens" Now admittedly I smoke a lot of dope, but I think it's a great song.
832;3;If you enjoy their music enough to want more than just a hits collection, this is a good place to start  collecting their original albums.
832;4;"Lady Friend" is one of the best rock singles from 1967.
832;5;"Lady Friend" is one of the best rock singles from 1967.
832;6;"Lady Friend" is one of the best rock singles from 1967.
832;7;Get this one for a real trip.
832;8;"Thoughts And Words" is a fabulous compostition with the unusual backwards sounds, and the melody and lyrics as striking as on "Have You Seen Her Face".
832;9;As David Crosby once said, it comes across as "a little cynical," but also like a lot of fun.
832;10;Recorded in late 1966, released in early 1967 and lost beneath the "Summer Of Love" praise heaped on "Sgt. Pepper" and the first commercially successful albums from the "new wave" of West Coast groups, "Younger Than Yesterday" deserved, and still deserves, much more critical acclaim...Put simply, this is one of the best and most cohesive records from a period of profound musical change.
833;1;If you love good sax (Queen of Hearts - this is one of the greatest sax songs I  have ever heard: very emotional) - buy it!
833;2;I watched Gregg as he shared with the audience his pain and his grief, and something more...That something more manifested itself two years later with this very rewarding debut solo effort.
833;3;If you love good sax (Queen of Hearts - this is one of the greatest sax songs I  have ever heard: very emotional) - buy it!
833;4;It took courage and it took fortitude for Gregg to stay the course.
833;5;The highlight for me is his version of the Jackson Browne song "These Days", and Allman's voice is perfect for the world weariness the lyrics read.
833;6;It took courage and it took fortitude for Gregg to stay the course.
833;7;I find I still have so much of this CD still in my head from many years ago---like my early teen years....Thank you for a wonderful trip down memory lane.
833;8;The highlight for me is his version of the Jackson Browne song "These Days", and Allman's voice is perfect for the world weariness the lyrics read.
833;9;But, some great stuff amoungst those eight songs... great fun at what always appears to have been difficult times for Gregg.
833;10;It's Gregg Allman's most romantic and well produced solo album,and probably his best, too.
838;1;This isn't music I would blast in my car because most people would think I'm gay, but I enjoy it a lot.
838;2;Full of insanely awesome, yet very discreet hooks, and pitch-perfect songwriting, it was a sad affair that nearly beat out Transatlanticism.
838;3;Yes, these guys are that good.
838;4;Everything you'd expect from them is here: great melodies and thoughtful lyrics.
838;5;Everything you'd expect from them is here: great melodies and thoughtful lyrics.
838;6;Everything you'd expect from them is here: great melodies and thoughtful lyrics.
838;7;This isn't music I would blast in my car because most people would think I'm gay, but I enjoy it a lot.
838;8;Everything you'd expect from them is here: great melodies and thoughtful lyrics.
838;9;Everything you'd expect from them is here: great melodies and thoughtful lyrics.
838;10;I just love the way the music flows.
839;1;Although this album is a bit risque it has some really good songs on it.
839;2;It still is working its power on me.
839;3;Although this album is a bit risque it has some really good songs on it.
839;4;It still is working its power on me.
839;5;It still is working its power on me.
839;6;Next friday  I'm having a big party at my house and I'm going to play that and dance  with the girl I love!
839;7;This cd is so enjoyable I am getting two copies one  for the car and one for the crib!
839;8;It is an album full of emotion and vocal ability that propelled her to stardom.
839;9;Next friday  I'm having a big party at my house and I'm going to play that and dance  with the girl I love!
839;10;Oooh, how I love that wonderful, romantic ballad.
836;1;The sound is fantastic and the playing is world class.
836;2;The sound is fantastic and the playing is world class.
836;3;All good stuff from Clapton and a long list of accomplished guitarists -- none and unknown.
836;4;The sound is fantastic and the playing is world class.
836;5;The sound is fantastic and the playing is world class.
836;6;The sound is fantastic and the playing is world class.
836;7;The sound is fantastic and the playing is world class.
836;8;The sound is fantastic and the playing is world class.
836;9;The sound is fantastic and the playing is world class.
836;10;Love all the music on every CD.
837;1;And if you are younger, and enjoy good harmonies and fun songs, give it a listen as well!
837;2;the andrew sisters were a  wonderful trio and you don't get music like this any more.
837;3;keep up the good work amazon, marsha
837;4;the andrew sisters were a  wonderful trio and you don't get music like this any more.
837;5;That speaks volumes about the quality of the music, but the real value if you are a musician is the songs on this album are a study in both arrangements and harmony.
837;6;the andrew sisters were a  wonderful trio and you don't get music like this any more.
837;7;So nice to take a trip like this, back in time.
837;8;the andrew sisters were a  wonderful trio and you don't get music like this any more.
837;9;This CD is fun fun fun to dance to.
837;10;Listened to this music as I was growing up, and loved it then, and love it now.
842;1;I have no reason to take it out because the music is so darn good and enjoyable.
842;2;The new remasterings are excellent, with improved sound (the originals were not bad at all, but the new versions seem to have a broader, more open sound) and attractive new packaging, including expanded liner notes.
842;3;I have no reason to take it out because the music is so darn good and enjoyable.
842;4;This is simply superb music making on every level.
842;5;This is simply superb music making on every level.
842;6;I brought it home on a rainy afternoon and put it on promptly.
842;7;This is simply superb music making on every level.
842;8;His lyrics are a monument to his appreciation of all the nuances of the English language -- filled with emotion and humor, masterfully crafted, containing some of the most inventive uses of internal rhymes and wordplay I've ever heard in song.
842;9;Buddy  Bregman's arrangements are brilliant--everything from simple piano accompaniment ["Miss Otis Regrets," where Ella's understated delivery actually heightens the drama of this unusual song] to small combo ["Let's Do It (Let's Fall In Love)," where the slow, "love-making pace" actually creates a sexiness and extra sense of fun)] to full string and horns [the best arrangement ever of "Begin The Beguine," truly a WONDER!!]
842;10;I love their romantic renditions of "Moonlight In Vermont
843;1;I am so very happy he won.
843;2;Not that the other David is bad, but in our opinion the right David won the competition...Anyway I was pleasantly surprised when I heard this compilation and even here he crosses a couple of music boundaries creating an album that I don't seem to get tired of listening too...My wife and I listen to classic rock for the most part, and honestly he's found a solid place in our play lists.
843;3;Not that the other David is bad, but in our opinion the right David won the competition...Anyway I was pleasantly surprised when I heard this compilation and even here he crosses a couple of music boundaries creating an album that I don't seem to get tired of listening too...My wife and I listen to classic rock for the most part, and honestly he's found a solid place in our play lists.
843;4;Once I got to work, and settled in, put in my ear bud to my ipod, and began to listen properly from start to finish.
843;5;Upon first look, David Cook's debut album is reading out of the modern rock playbook, but even with this unoriginality, it has it's formula down solid, creating a pleasant and radio-friendly atmosphere for fans and top 40 followers alike.
843;6;From the chine spilling power ballad "Permanent" to the hardcore rock jam of "Bar-ba-sol", Cook proves his versatility and impressive vocal abilities.
843;7;His Mr. Sensitive and A Daily AntheM continue the personal guitar driven sound I have come to love from him with his prior work.
843;8;Not that the other David is bad, but in our opinion the right David won the competition...Anyway I was pleasantly surprised when I heard this compilation and even here he crosses a couple of music boundaries creating an album that I don't seem to get tired of listening too...My wife and I listen to classic rock for the most part, and honestly he's found a solid place in our play lists.
843;9;Once I got to work, and settled in, put in my ear bud to my ipod, and began to listen properly from start to finish.
843;10;Lights On: My son loves this track, and plays it at every opportunity.
840;1;John Lodge is a happy rocker who enjoys what he is doing.
840;2;We all have our thoughts and feelings to express...that's what this forum is all about...it's what makes this fun...but don't let the negative ones hold you back !
840;3;Their live concerts were as good as their studio recordings which is quite a feat in itself.
840;4;Lovely To See You is magnificent!
840;5;Read the excellent reviews here...they say it all regarding the positives...so I won't re-hash !
840;6;our couch is the best seat in the house for a concert !!
840;7;The entire feeling and sound is more of a trip back in time than any of the other live recordings.
840;8;a present given by the moodies to you for being faithful...Even at a now venerable age, all the lads are white haired - they can still sing and play with the same emotion,technical ability, and most importantly, with the same enthusiam of their younger days.
840;9;Being a bit of a rarity, it's a treat and yes, Graeme's dance is funny.
840;10;I still have this on Nexflix with perfect 1080p full HD but I loved it so much I bought it just to have it on disc for convenience.
841;1;good opus , vraiment un album accompli, belle production , les amateurs et fans apprcieront.
841;2;Red Rabbits is beautifully sad, at times.
841;3;From the illusory absurdities and truths of love in "Australia," where James Mercer channels Morrisey to the inspiration in "Sleeping Lessons" to "A Comet Appears" where life is indeed a journey where numbness can sometimes fool you into mistakenly tethering your life to the wrong people or the wrong things when if you just listened to your heart, you would know many of your answers, good or bad...I love The Shins.
841;4;good opus , vraiment un album accompli, belle production , les amateurs et fans apprcieront.
841;5;good opus , vraiment un album accompli, belle production , les amateurs et fans apprcieront.
841;6;good opus , vraiment un album accompli, belle production , les amateurs et fans apprcieront.
841;7;good opus , vraiment un album accompli, belle production , les amateurs et fans apprcieront.
841;8;There is a lot of emotion attached,thereby, further accentuated by maybe the best use of lyrics one has ever heard.
841;9;This CD is original in it's sound, fun and really entertaining.
841;10;Love it- this arrived on time and in great condition.
846;1;For a work of true genius and pure emotion by one of the greatest musicians of all time, go get this CD and enjoy it as much as I have.
846;2;Let audiophiles & die hard fans whine & gripe till they're blue in the face...I'm a discerning fan, not everything he's touched turns to gold but Young's albums are always heartfelt.
846;3;This is my album of the year, to date, in a strong year with very good albums from Ry Cooder, The Stones, McCartney & Richard Thompson.
846;4;There are a lot of musicians too.
846;5;You really gotta give Neil Young credit for sticking to his guns and intentionally focusing on creating a folk-rock album instead of a Crazy Horse hard-rock album.
846;6;Here For You is a father's touching letter to a daughter who has just left the nest, and many fathers of daughters will recognize themselves in this song even if their daughters are still at home.
846;7;There are a lot of musicians too.
846;8;His vocal and lyrics are palpable with emotion and the stripped down effect of he and his guitar with a outstanding band made me feel his music...This is one of his best, do yourself a favor and listen to this album and read the lyrics...Thanks Neil.
846;9;You know these guys were having fun in the studio when they recorded this one.
846;10;He loves both trains and Indians (even though it was the building of the railroads that was a major contributor to the destruction of the Indians' way of life), the real romantic character that he is.
847;1;Cd has some good dance tracks like "Work B*tch" and oher great songs.
847;2;I really like "Perfume" It's a sad song but very good.
847;3;Cd has some good dance tracks like "Work B*tch" and oher great songs.
847;4;Most of the dance tracks are great - not quite the level of Hold It Against Me or Dance Till The World Ends but they will be fun in the club, to workout, etc.
847;5;This Britney Spears cd, is a great collection of songs.
847;6;My favorite song on the whole album has to be "Work Work" (the clean version obviously!)
847;7;This Britney Spears cd, is a great collection of songs.
847;8;I guess for a B-Spears album its personal though the lyrics certainly aren't anything profound...But Britney Jean is FUN and catchy and overall good and pleasant to the ear.
847;9;Most of the dance tracks are great - not quite the level of Hold It Against Me or Dance Till The World Ends but they will be fun in the club, to workout, etc.
847;10;Got this for my girlfriend and she loves it.
844;1;I have enjoyed the music of Michael W. Smith for years, but he was never one of my favorites.
844;2;Using "friends" that are Christian superstars as his back-up singers brings a remarkable quality to this live performance.
844;3;While the events of September 11th, 2001, were tragic, good was able to come out of the heartache and sacrifice.
844;4;Using "friends" that are Christian superstars as his back-up singers brings a remarkable quality to this live performance.
844;5;His amazing piano is joined by a wonderful band and a choir that reads like a Christian music All-Star roster
844;6;I popped the CD in my stereo while cleaning and puttering in my new home.
844;7;Using "friends" that are Christian superstars as his back-up singers brings a remarkable quality to this live performance.
844;8;The music on this album features uplifting lyrics, soaring choruses, a talented lead singer/pianist, and an ANGELIC choir.
844;9;Using "friends" that are Christian superstars as his back-up singers brings a remarkable quality to this live performance.
844;10;This cd is a MUST for any Michael W. Smith cd library and for anyone who loves contemporary Christian music.
845;1;Good music which was enjoyed by all.
845;2;I also like the mixture of newer songs (which are bound to become standards in the future) with more traditional Christmas music...There isn't a bad track on this album
845;3;another terrific cd and loved all of it, good music from a terrific musician, everything he does is enjoyable and this is another one
845;4;Great gift and wonderful music.
845;5;Great gift and wonderful music.
845;6;Great gift and wonderful music.
845;7;Great gift and wonderful music.
845;8;I also like the mixture of newer songs (which are bound to become standards in the future) with more traditional Christmas music...There isn't a bad track on this album
845;9;Great gift and wonderful music.
845;10;I especially loved his duet with Billy Joel.
956;1;But if Sam's Town grew on you and you enjoyed his solo album, this may be one of the best albums of the year...Song-wise, "The Rising Tide" is wildly fun, "Heart of a Girl" is beautiful and romantic, and "Be Still" is as close to "Only the Young" as it gets.
956;2;Elsewhere, "Runaways" is a great choice for the leadoff single, and honestly, there really isn't a bad track on this thing...The Killers have found themselves creating quality music, and that's more than can be said by most of their peers from the mid-2000s.
956;3;The extra songs on the deluxe are pretty good.
956;4;This is much closer to Sam's Town and Flowers' solo album, Flamingo.
956;5;This is much closer to Sam's Town and Flowers' solo album, Flamingo.
956;6;This is much closer to Sam's Town and Flowers' solo album, Flamingo.
956;7;There is such passion and energy on all of the songs and I love singing along to them when I'm driving in my car.
956;8;I feel they continue to mature and are comfortable in their sound, which isn't a bad thing, cause they combine their music with such great lyrics, you can't resist!
956;9;But if Sam's Town grew on you and you enjoyed his solo album, this may be one of the best albums of the year...Song-wise, "The Rising Tide" is wildly fun, "Heart of a Girl" is beautiful and romantic, and "Be Still" is as close to "Only the Young" as it gets.
956;10;Still love Hotfuss a lot, but this is another great hit!!!
957;1;It's a different vibe, but in a good way.
957;2;Diamond Eyes achieves its addictive ability easily because the music is so well blended, so well constructed and executed that you tend to forget that even a 'bad' Deftones song makes for a great song if it were by a lesser band.
957;3;It's a different vibe, but in a good way.
957;4;This is my personal favorite album by the Deftones and one of my favorite albums, by any band.
957;5;Having read some pre-release interviews, this is Chino's idea of a positive record.
957;6;But when I played it on the actual home stereo with quality speakers, it sounds like a completely different album...This CD is good!
957;7;"Royal" is driven by deep, propulsive guitar grooves, a steady rhythm section, and a powerful vocal performance from Chino (including some unnerving, lung-stretching screams reminiscent of his earliest days).
957;8;Fortunately, everybody came to their senses by reforming, and, challenging their emotions into musical form, coming back sounding stronger than ever.
957;9;This is my personal favorite album by the Deftones and one of my favorite albums, by any band.
957;10;I love this band ad I'm their fan from now on.
958;1;I enjoyed the entire cd and will continue to support the Atlanta based artist... Loved it.
958;2;CeeLo's CD is one of the best contemporary Christmas CDs in a long time.
958;3;The cost ratio is very good.
958;4;CeeLo's CD is one of the best contemporary Christmas CDs in a long time.
958;5;He has one of the greatest voice I've ever heard, Ceelo, if you happen to read this please do something for us Olde School people less the explicit lyric!!!
958;6;But he hits a home run with this album.
958;7;the colors and the horses pulling a car grab your attention, it's over the top and dramatic, just like cee-lo and i love it but don't let the flamboyant cover cause you to pass this great work by.
958;8;Though I may not buy anything else because of the explicit lyrics on his main stream CD's, I would tell any and everyone this is one of the Best Christmas CD's I have ever heard!!!
958;9;You have your fun dance around music as well as songs to make you reflect on the reason for the season.
958;10;I love almost every song on the dang thing!
959;1;"Memorial Day" recalls the hit "Monterey" to me and is a good song.
959;2;This album maybe his best in years!
959;3;"Memorial Day" recalls the hit "Monterey" to me and is a good song.
959;4;This album maybe his best in years!
959;5;This album maybe his best in years!
959;6;"Wait" blends a clean,percussive bossa soul type flavor-a wonderful paean to romantic longing.
959;7;I've traveled hundreds of miles to see him and it's always worth it.
959;8;Eric has always been an unbelievable talent....this CD carries on with his amazing voice and some VERY strong lyrics.......such a pleasure to hear someone continue on with creativity and not even resemble the no-talents who are recording nonsense nowadays....Eric continues 50+ years of greatness....
959;9;He still has his destinctive voice and has some fun on this release.
959;10;I listen to this day, I play guitar and sing "House of the Rising Sun" frequently and it never gets old to me...I love 'em all still...And now the old man looks back and marvels that he has survived (as do many of us) and shares a bit more with us.
952;1;every song could be a top 10 single on the billboard hot 100 that's how good this album is!
952;2;Bad Girl f/Missy Elliott  5/5  Crazy beat, worthy rap by Ms. E. Special effects with the vocals.
952;3;every song could be a top 10 single on the billboard hot 100 that's how good this album is!
952;4;I love all the songs on the album.
952;5;I love all the songs on the album.
952;6;I love all the songs on the album.
952;7;I love all the songs on the album.
952;8;Bad Girl f/Missy Elliott  5/5  Crazy beat, worthy rap by Ms. E. Special effects with the vocals.
952;9;**HERE'S THE STATS** --> Mostly upbeat sensual dance tracks
952;10;I love all the songs on the album.
953;1;Anyway, this is turning out to be an awful mess of a review, so I'll sum it up as this:  If you are a ZZ Top fan and you are a bit open-minded enough to enjoy a broader range of music, this is a fun listen.
953;2;This is fun, classy, and clever...Btw, whoever the drummer is, he/she is stellar.
953;3;I listened a couple times and then put in a playlist with Kim Simmonds,Bob James,Robert glasper,Joe Walsh and I kept being impressed with how good this guy is and I like tasteful organ and Billy must to.
953;4;This is fun, classy, and clever...Btw, whoever the drummer is, he/she is stellar.
953;5;The Latin percussion really fits well with these songs
953;6;This is fun, classy, and clever...Btw, whoever the drummer is, he/she is stellar.
953;7;Definitely give it a listen and keep an open mind... really enjoyable music for driving down the interstate!
953;8;As usual, Billy writes lyrics with a great sense of humor and some of the best musical chops ever.
953;9;This is fun, classy, and clever...Btw, whoever the drummer is, he/she is stellar.
953;10;Billy's new album retains the fuzz, the love for rhythm changes, and adds a whole new dimension with the latin flavor -- funky piano, no less.
954;1;This is a very special album and a good one to start with to appreciate the man and his music.
954;2;I highly recommend him if you like the old standards and some easy listening.
954;3;This is a very special album and a good one to start with to appreciate the man and his music.
954;4;I highly recommend him if you like the old standards and some easy listening.
954;5;I highly recommend him if you like the old standards and some easy listening.
954;6;I highly recommend him if you like the old standards and some easy listening.
954;7;I keep it in my car now all the time for driving around the city.
954;8;totally different from his sinatra cd...this one takes all the classic bacharach songs and sings with heartfelt emotion,,one great song after another,,one of the best "make out" cds you can own.
954;9;These aren't just great tracks to play during dinner party's (they are) but they are also fantastic examples of how standard pop music should be produced and arranged.
954;10;I like his song choices and his unique voice and have purchased several of his CD's and love every one of them.
955;1;I enjoyed listening to Lisa Kelly she has a wonderful voice that I could listen to forever the cd was fantastic
955;2;Fabulous CD by talented artist with incredible voice.
955;3;Saw her on TV and bought CD on a chance she was good.
955;4;Fabulous CD by talented artist with incredible voice.
955;5;Fabulous CD by talented artist with incredible voice.
955;6;Fabulous CD by talented artist with incredible voice.
955;7;Fabulous CD by talented artist with incredible voice.
955;8;David Downes is a fantastic composer and Lisa spares no effort in interpretation of his beautiful lyrics and melodies.
955;9;Fabulous CD by talented artist with incredible voice.
955;10;If you loved Celtic Woman (as seen on PBS), you will love this CD!
948;1;This incredible album really rounds out Queen Latifa's vocal range - her rendition of "Hello Stranger" an all-time winner by Barbara Lewis is just right on target and I truly enjoyed her rendition of "California Dreamin'" as well.
948;2;She certainly knows how to make a song swing like Ms Bailey.
948;3;Hopefully, she will put out another album that will be just as good.
948;4;She certainly knows how to make a song swing like Ms Bailey.
948;5;There's nothing rappy about it - the whole CD (or at least the majority of it) is covers from old classics that focus on her lovely voice.
948;6;Latifah hits a home run with the release of this CD.
948;7;It takes you on a trip and doesnt bring you back until the last song is over with.
948;8;Queen Latifah (New Jersey native hard-core repper) has put together a collection of jazzy tunes and wonderful lyrics that hit you below the belt.
948;9;Absolutely fun and thouroughly enjoyable treatment of "Mercy, Mercy, Mercy."
948;10;This is my new most loved CD right now.
949;1;Good CD, always enjoy listening to Dave Koz.
949;2;These are top-notched sax musicians that are outstanding each in their own right and put together sound simply amazing.
949;3;Good tunes and great variety.
949;4;This is one of my favorite gym workout albums.
949;5;These are top-notched sax musicians that are outstanding each in their own right and put together sound simply amazing.
949;6;These are top-notched sax musicians that are outstanding each in their own right and put together sound simply amazing.
949;7;Love this CD, play it a lot as I travel in my car.
949;8;These are top-notched sax musicians that are outstanding each in their own right and put together sound simply amazing.
949;9;Love this cd  Great players easy listening and fun songs....
949;10;Highly recommended for those who love jazz saxophones.
950;1;From start to finish the songs are good excluding skits with the hit singles Purple Pills and Fight Music this album never gets old or boring Pistol Pistol is a favorite song of mine that I enjoy dancing to because it's a catch song with a relevant beat good vibe and it gets stuck in your head if you listen to it more than once the whole album is a good.
950;2;( very funny album intro ).2.
950;3;instigator ( 8/10 good ).13.
950;4;( very funny album intro ).2.
950;5;( very funny album intro ).2.
950;6;( very funny album intro ).2.
950;7;It has a fresh sound that hip-hop has been in dire need since the birth of bling-bling and fast cars.
950;8;DEVILS NIGHT is my fav hip-hop album, i love everything in this album, lyrics beats, hooks, skits, devils night was released right after marshall mathers lp and when u gonna hear this album u ll feel that mm lp made big influence on this one, this two albums has some similar beats and raping style,.1.
950;9;Blow My Buzz - An excellent fun party song with a hilarious chorus, A great bassline for the beat and great verses from every member of the band.
950;10;DEVILS NIGHT is my fav hip-hop album, i love everything in this album, lyrics beats, hooks, skits, devils night was released right after marshall mathers lp and when u gonna hear this album u ll feel that mm lp made big influence on this one, this two albums has some similar beats and raping style,.1.
951;1;But for this Baby Boomer, I will enjoy these albums as much as I did Vol.
951;2;One of George's more obscure tracks..."Bad Boy" and "Dizzy Miss Lizzy" - Again, John really going at it!
951;3;Pretty good stuff..."Beatles VI" - A killer album.
951;4;But for this Baby Boomer, I will enjoy these albums as much as I did Vol.
951;5;But let's focus on the positive for a moment.
951;6;Already, the Beatles are using a sitar...This 1965 work, with its accustic guitars and clean sounds, probably works better in mono, and for that, you need the UK versions of these landmark albums.
951;7;But for this Baby Boomer, I will enjoy these albums as much as I did Vol.
951;8;One of George's more obscure tracks..."Bad Boy" and "Dizzy Miss Lizzy" - Again, John really going at it!
951;9;But after all these years, and with the improved sound, it's great fun to hear the James Bond-esque intro (never before available on CD)
951;10;Now I have the version I know and love.
944;1;Do yourself some good and get  the cd today!
944;2;Every song is great and  catchy.
944;3;Do yourself some good and get  the cd today!
944;4;Every song is great and  catchy.
944;5;I know no one is going to read this review so I will leave it at this:  This Cd is really good and you should get it.
944;6;"Broken Home" has  a great guitar effect and speaks of just that, a broken home.
944;7;This LP begins with the title track with a head banger driven guitar with a touch of rap.
944;8;Papa Roach's "Infest" is a combination of strong lyrics, heavy beats,  incredible riffs and catchy yet metal tunes.
944;9;"Infest" is a very fun CD, you'll listen over  and over.
944;10;I absoulutley love this cd and I think you will to.
945;1;It hurts but  it feels so good inside.
945;2;His voice isn't the greatest, but it captures pain, pleasure, power, and weakness perfectly.
945;3;It hurts but  it feels so good inside.
945;4;American III: Solitary Man is excellent, too.
945;5;American III: Solitary Man is excellent, too.
945;6;"Unchained" gives us a throwback album to the glory days of the house of Cash.
945;7;It is an amusing tale of a man who drives his woman away over a money dispute only to travel across the country by train to win her back.
945;8;While the screams on the original show defiance, this style transforms the same lyrics into a controlled display of confidence...Cash even covers himself on "Country Boy" and "Mean Eyed Cat".
945;9;Mean-Eyed Cat and Country Boy, both Cash originals, are fun little romps.
945;10;Pop  fans will love it too.
946;1;Damn good job for a guy his age.
946;2;i love the songs and the voice
946;3;Damn good job for a guy his age.
946;4;i love the songs and the voice
946;5;I've read that Cohen takes a while to write his "poetry," but I absolutely am moved by his work including Popular Problems.
946;6;i love the songs and the voice
946;7;i love the songs and the voice
946;8;The lyrics are, like always, astounding.
946;9;The mysterious "A Street" is a solemn affair occasionally sprinkled with horns ("The party's over, but I've landed on my feet"), while the Country-tinged "Did I Ever Love You" alternates between gentle and bouncy, a pleasant change in pace.
946;10;i love the songs and the voice
947;1;Good song at any rate.
947;2;All songs on here, are worthy of continuous play.
947;3;Good song at any rate.
947;4;All songs on here, are worthy of continuous play.
947;5;Having read a couple of good things I knew I wanted The Clash.
947;6;Before I start talking about this cd, I got to say what a great job they did cleaning this cd up.
947;7;All songs on here, are worthy of continuous play.
947;8;Here we had politically charged lyrics that burned into a new generation of socially conscious youth.
947;9;When listenening to this cd, you feel a flow of energy and just want to get up and dance.
947;10;this was my music then, and i still love it now.
941;1;And Game's stroytelling is actually pretty good in this one.
941;2;House of Pain - great beat and one of the catchiest songs on the album.
941;3;And Game's stroytelling is actually pretty good in this one.
941;4;This is by far the games best album ever!!!
941;5;This is by far the games best album ever!!!
941;6;This album is fire...f*ck the features because he out shines everyone...even Luda and Na$...and I am a huge Na$ fan...I downloaded the clean version last week and am still copping it today at Best Buy... Die Haters!
941;7;The Game is now considered a driving force in westcoast music, probably the top 5 in the west as of now.
941;8;The beat is better and Game's lyrics are better.
941;9;His second album "Doctor's Advocate" was a step in the right direction, he proved he can sell records and make good records without the help of 50 Cent and Dr. Dre, but he still lacks the ability to make records without help from A-list artists and producers...L.A.X. proves to be Game's album so far, he diverses well with party records, songs for the ladies, and gangsta records.
941;10;The Game spits very well on the track, its all about the money on this one (obviously) although I hate tracks like this in Hip Hop, I actually love this track and the way Game delivers.
940;1;This is a good, fun album that isn't to be taken overly serious.
940;2;I got "Black and Blue" a day before it was actually suppose to actually come out and I can't say a bad thing about it.
940;3;My brother even likes this cd and he is 13 so yeah its pretty good.
940;4;Thank you for having this item on this website.
940;5;Thank you for having this item on this website.
940;6;Thank you for having this item on this website.
940;7;Thank you for having this item on this website.
940;8;I love every song on here and again the harmonies the melodies the emotions are raw and heart felt.
940;9;Now I love it and it's fun to dance to.
940;10;My sister really loves "Get Another Boyfriend."
943;1;It's a good buy and will give you many hours of enjoy with godly music to keep your spirit up.
943;2;They doing well with this one again just like the others I like most of the songs on here and listened to the CD out.
943;3;They always deliver such good music.
943;4;They doing well with this one again just like the others I like most of the songs on here and listened to the CD out.
943;5;I absolutely loved it, and I plan to listen to this CD many, many more times when I want to just let go and spend a great time praising God...The sound of this album is much more acoustic than Crowns' previous albums, with much more of a focus on strings and piano than on a rock-type sound with electric guitars and beating drums.
943;6;They doing well with this one again just like the others I like most of the songs on here and listened to the CD out.
943;7;I'm a praise and worship leader, and I love to listen to great new tunes in my car to see which ones I can adapt for church meetings.
943;8;Always fascinated by the lyrics.
943;9;The music is fun, easy, and foot stomping.
943;10;I listened to the CD samples and loved them.
942;1;good album with the role of the couple Kantner and Slick
942;2;good album with the role of the couple Kantner and Slick
942;3;It's a classic, and a nice, calm, relaxing love song...Also here are 'Starship,' which is a seven minute science fiction rock epic, and 'X-M,' another cool song that's a great one...The musicianship here is incredible, as is the cover art.
942;4;good album with the role of the couple Kantner and Slick
942;5;But if you read the excellent notes to this edition, you'll discover that the real story was in the actual, hands-on, production grind.
942;6;It sounds great and clean but I cannot comment on the technical quality of this CD's tracks as compared to the previous releases or to the original album (which I played so often the grooves were stripped).
942;7;This is truly a classic and a great trip.
942;8;There are many memorable lyrics as well.
942;9;Take a band of hippies from San Francisco's Golden Gate Park and plant the idea that they can leave all the straight laced crap behind - all they have to do is Hijack a Starship, travel 30,000 light years from earth, live, love, get high, and party - it'll all be okay.
942;10;good album with the role of the couple Kantner and Slick
937;1;I've always been a fan of the Steve Hackett era of Genesis (1971-1977) and this 2 1/2 hour show dedicates all it's time to that period of the band...Whilst I enjoyed the 2007 Genesis (Farewell Tour) show both on CD and DVD, it's main concentration was on the 80's / 90's Genesis...With this Steve Hackett set, for me, the 1971-1977 period shows just how good and how much fantastic music was produced in just those 6 years.
937;2;This show lovingly and respectfully presents some of the best music Genesis ever released as well as some favorites from Hackett's solo catalog.
937;3;The video is also very good.
937;4;This show lovingly and respectfully presents some of the best music Genesis ever released as well as some favorites from Hackett's solo catalog.
937;5;This show lovingly and respectfully presents some of the best music Genesis ever released as well as some favorites from Hackett's solo catalog.
937;6;This show lovingly and respectfully presents some of the best music Genesis ever released as well as some favorites from Hackett's solo catalog.
937;7;i had the pleasure of meeting him a few years ago, and even gave him a ride in mi car, ahd he is also a very sweet down to earth man.
937;8;Now I finally have a live version of 'Afterglow' that is true to the power and emotion of the studio version.
937;9;Perhaps the best example of this is his rendition of "Dancing With The Moonlit Knight."
937;10;If this sort of music sounds like you, if you love the 1971 - 1977 period of Genesis I hope you get this as well and enjoy as much as I have...If I had the money, I'd be on the next plane to Europe or the USA to catch a show.
936;1;"Seven Curses," 'Eternal Circle,"  'Farewell, Angelina" are as good as anything on his early to mid 60's  albums.
936;2;It's sad to see how great Infidels and Shot of Love could have been had Bob placed such great songs as "Angelina", "Blind Willie McTell", "Foot of Pride" and "You Changed My Life" on them.
936;3;"Seven Curses," 'Eternal Circle,"  'Farewell, Angelina" are as good as anything on his early to mid 60's  albums.
936;4;And now we have it all here, on this 3CD package.
936;5;The  liner notes and pictures are great too -- arguably the best study around of  the first 30 years of Dylan's career.
936;6;Among these rare and previously unreleased songs can be found folk music, satirical protest songs, rock & roll as Dylan defined it, blues, a tinge of country, and more
936;7;'angelina' is completely tripped out.
936;8;It's sad to see how great Infidels and Shot of Love could have been had Bob placed such great songs as "Angelina", "Blind Willie McTell", "Foot of Pride" and "You Changed My Life" on them.
936;9;And now we have it all here, on this 3CD package.
936;10;And the number of great songs which did not get included on each of Dylan's albums is astonishing...If you've heard and loved the major Dylan albums, you'll get the most value out of this set, especially when it comes to alternate versions.
939;1;There were many songs on this one that I was happy to add to my collection.
939;2;WOW hits has done it again.
939;3;I found This to be  a nice deal on Amazon, and I felt it was a good deal to take advantage of.
939;4;WOW hits has done it again.
939;5;WOW hits has done it again.
939;6;WOW hits has done it again.
939;7;Listening in the car can make the difference between a good day and a great day!
939;8;Powerful lyrics that are packed with life, forgiveness and the love of Jesus Christ.
939;9;WOW hits has done it again.
939;10;Powerful lyrics that are packed with life, forgiveness and the love of Jesus Christ.
938;1;Babyface can make about a book with know words on the pages and make it sound good...this Man is just talented.
938;2;A great buy for lovers of his music...best thing from him since Grown and Sexy!
938;3;Babyface can make about a book with know words on the pages and make it sound good...this Man is just talented.
938;4;A great buy for lovers of his music...best thing from him since Grown and Sexy!
938;5;A great buy for lovers of his music...best thing from him since Grown and Sexy!
938;6;A great buy for lovers of his music...best thing from him since Grown and Sexy!
938;7;A great buy for lovers of his music...best thing from him since Grown and Sexy!
938;8;Face knows how to write a great  lyrics, play a  mad guitar, collaborate with the best, and produce timeless hits!
938;9;A great buy for lovers of his music...best thing from him since Grown and Sexy!
938;10;Love timeless R& B music and Babyface makes timeless.
933;1;Fantastic CD for anyone who loves Mancini.
933;2;Reminds me of what a master of sound Mancini was.
933;3;Nevertheless, this CD is a very good place to start.
933;4;Reminds me of what a master of sound Mancini was.
933;5;Reminds me of what a master of sound Mancini was.
933;6;Play it at home, or load it on your IPOD, or do both!
933;7;Reminds me of what a master of sound Mancini was.
933;8;I am in awe of someone who can create such beauty for the ear and emotions.
933;9;Brings back so many memories of high school dances.
933;10;Fantastic CD for anyone who loves Mancini.
932;1;Either way, it's pretty good.
932;2;All of the really big hits are here, including their classic collaborations on Mariah Carey's "One Sweet Day" and LL Cool J's "Hey Lover."
932;3;Either way, it's pretty good.
932;4;All of the really big hits are here, including their classic collaborations on Mariah Carey's "One Sweet Day" and LL Cool J's "Hey Lover."
932;5;All of the really big hits are here, including their classic collaborations on Mariah Carey's "One Sweet Day" and LL Cool J's "Hey Lover."
932;6;Good tracks with great harmonizing and clean lyrics.
932;7;I can howl with the best of them in my car of course.
932;8;Good tracks with great harmonizing and clean lyrics.
932;9;All of the really big hits are here, including their classic collaborations on Mariah Carey's "One Sweet Day" and LL Cool J's "Hey Lover."
932;10;If you are a Boyz II Men fan, you will definitely love listening to this CD.
935;1;are present and sound as good as they ever have.
935;2;Sad is a great song but they're all great songs, Pearl Jam is the best band ever!
935;3;Such a powerful song...Let Me Sleep...interesting music and good christmas time lyrics...Driftin'...one of my favorite songs off this release for sure.
935;4;I prefer this kind of collection than a best of with the hits.
935;5;They also always gave the impression of being very sour-faced and always very serious, like the smart kid always studying and never really cutting up with the rest of the guys.
935;6;I prefer this kind of collection than a best of with the hits.
935;7;With a driving guitar line and interesting vocals from Ed, it actually presages some of their later work, and would fit right in on Binaural or Riot Act.
935;8;The best two songs are Yellow Ledbetter and Last Kiss...This is a two disk set filled with great songs ( even though on most of them you can't understand Eddie Vedders Lyrics like on Yellow Ledbetter. )
935;9;"Drifting" is a lot more fun to sing along to a lot better with that word in there.
935;10;really good...Bee Girl, I love this song.
934;1;The second disc is especially good because there are some of the more obscure tracks.
934;2;These 21 songs are overflowing with originality and spirit, proving that there is still noone who can tell a story in a song as well as Bob could.
934;3;The second disc is especially good because there are some of the more obscure tracks.
934;4;These 21 songs are overflowing with originality and spirit, proving that there is still noone who can tell a story in a song as well as Bob could.
934;5;These 21 songs are overflowing with originality and spirit, proving that there is still noone who can tell a story in a song as well as Bob could.
934;6;These 21 songs are overflowing with originality and spirit, proving that there is still noone who can tell a story in a song as well as Bob could.
934;7;I have always preferred the folky Bob Dylan but also love some of his bluesy rock, so this is fun to have on a long drive to hear a little bit of everything (including songs from his country album, Nashville Skyline).
934;8;Hendrix' rendition only shows how great is Dylan's genius at lyrics and tunes, when we see the rendition Hendrix was able to build with the song.
934;9;I have always preferred the folky Bob Dylan but also love some of his bluesy rock, so this is fun to have on a long drive to hear a little bit of everything (including songs from his country album, Nashville Skyline).
934;10;II" features some of the very best songs recorded by American popular music's greatest and most versatile talent, and coupled with "Greatest Hits vol.
929;1;The Benedictines of Mary Queen of Apostles are fantastic singers and I have been very pleased with their music and CD.
929;2;Angelic music performed by angels.
929;3;Listening to the beautiful voices of these ladies will lift your spirit and calm your soul . . . just what one needs in these troubling times.
929;4;Angelic music performed by angels.
929;5;Perfect for prayer, study, meditation, discernment, reading, searching for answers to our issues, healing, worship, learning.
929;6;I keep this close at hand for quiet times at home.
929;7;Angelic music performed by angels.
929;8;I don't mind that I do not understand the lyrics, I find them quite beautiful as well as the vocals.
929;9;Angelic music performed by angels.
929;10;I love this CD as well as Lent at Ephesus.
928;1;The rest is good...There are about five players that really influenced my playing.
928;2;The original album is pure aural joy from the "breezy" opening of the title track through the wistful ending of "Lady."
928;3;The rest is good...There are about five players that really influenced my playing.
928;4;The original album is pure aural joy from the "breezy" opening of the title track through the wistful ending of "Lady."
928;5;The original album is pure aural joy from the "breezy" opening of the title track through the wistful ending of "Lady."
928;6;The original album is pure aural joy from the "breezy" opening of the title track through the wistful ending of "Lady."
928;7;The original album is pure aural joy from the "breezy" opening of the title track through the wistful ending of "Lady."
928;8;The original album is pure aural joy from the "breezy" opening of the title track through the wistful ending of "Lady."
928;9;People had been traumatized during the 60s with the assassinations, civil unrest, and Vietnam war and I always think of the 70s as the party decade where a 20 something generation kicked back, had fun, and didn't worry about their careers too much until later in the decade.
928;10;Loved it reminded me of a long time ago
931;1;But, I had forgotten about these bootlegged tapes until I received an email from an ebay seller -- I bought a piece of Red Wing pottery and was reminded of how much I had enjoyed Dylan's song about the Walls of Red Wing.
931;2;It's sad to see how great Infidels and Shot of Love could have been had Bob placed such great songs as "Angelina", "Blind Willie McTell", "Foot of Pride" and "You Changed My Life" on them.
931;3;But I think this is one collection of Bob Dylan's work that is very good and also spans many eras of the 20th century.
931;4;become a professional in all aspects.
931;5;The  liner notes and pictures are great too -- arguably the best study around of  the first 30 years of Dylan's career.
931;6;Among these rare and previously unreleased songs can be found folk music, satirical protest songs, rock & roll as Dylan defined it, blues, a tinge of country, and more
931;7;'angelina' is completely tripped out.
931;8;lyrics, if not the audio, because they resound so true,.
931;9;become a professional in all aspects.
931;10;Love the Cd has songs I had never heard Bob sing, and everything was just fine.
930;1;I encourage anyone who never listened to  this record to buy it straight away, it is still as good as if it had been  recorded yesterday, and it will make you understand where most of today's  rock music comes from!
930;2;It makes me feel stoned to listen to it and that's quite a feat since I'm always sober.
930;3;I encourage anyone who never listened to  this record to buy it straight away, it is still as good as if it had been  recorded yesterday, and it will make you understand where most of today's  rock music comes from!
930;4;It makes me feel stoned to listen to it and that's quite a feat since I'm always sober.
930;5;It makes me feel stoned to listen to it and that's quite a feat since I'm always sober.
930;6;It makes me feel stoned to listen to it and that's quite a feat since I'm always sober.
930;7;All of the songs are great and Neil also provides glimpses into his future direction (so influential to grunge) with the feedback drenched "Danger Bird" and the searing "Drive Back"...The aforementioned songs alone would make this a five star album.
930;8;The standout track on the album is "Cortez The Killer" with its droning guitar solo and vivid lyrics, the song is tremendous.
930;9;It makes me feel stoned to listen to it and that's quite a feat since I'm always sober.
930;10;'Lookin' For a Love' is another country-rock number, this one generally optimistic about finding a new love and wanting "to live and make the best of what I see".
926;1;I listen to this album and it reminds me of my college days and the fun and good times I had dancing and listening to the guys from Teaneck, NJ.
926;2;This is a GREAT compilation of songs, complete songs (parts 1 and 2).
926;3;I listen to this album and it reminds me of my college days and the fun and good times I had dancing and listening to the guys from Teaneck, NJ.
926;4;But as much as they were rock and as much they are gospel/funk and soul, it's the emotional and soulful slow jams that helped make the group different from those who were known for slow jams as well as funk workouts.
926;5;This is a GREAT compilation of songs, complete songs (parts 1 and 2).
926;6;This is a GREAT compilation of songs, complete songs (parts 1 and 2).
926;7;The songs took me back to the '70's, and because of that, I really enjoyed my long drive to work for a change.
926;8;This is a GREAT compilation of songs, complete songs (parts 1 and 2).
926;9;I listen to this album and it reminds me of my college days and the fun and good times I had dancing and listening to the guys from Teaneck, NJ.
926;10;This album has all of their greatest hits but what I like the most is there are a lot of their love songs and some older ones that I had forgotten.
927;1;the live shows were epic, you had to be there and this takes me back their...since their demise this is the accurate and exciting record we need...rock out enjoy and relive if you were lucky enough to be there :)
927;2;The chance to see Johnny play a guitar other than his white or blue Mosrite.
927;3;The one good thing about that cd was that, because it was recorded in 1990, it has some good songs that aren't on the two CDs I'll mention soon.
927;4;One of my favorite live releases, only rivals KISS at the time.
927;5;The Camera Mart Stages has the greatest camera work/display (screen above focusing on an individual Ramone whilst you also see the whole band underneath)and it's Leave Home songs, their greatest album anyways!
927;6;One of my favorite live releases, only rivals KISS at the time.
927;7;This CD provides an unlikely source to help me bond with my two young children when I drive them places.
927;8;With the CD player blaring away, my two year old daughter will sing "Go go go" and "Whoa-oh-oh" and other snippets of the lyrics, and my four year old son with autism will crack a smile, which is pretty expressive for him.
927;9;One of my favorite live releases, only rivals KISS at the time.
927;10;In other words, they got it right early on and knew better than to ruin a good thing...The sheer volume of material makes this set a solid winner, but it's those little moments and details that diehard fans will love most.
924;1;Definitely a good value for those who enjoy music from this era.
924;2;The set also proves to be a great way to pick some excellent singles of some "one hit wonders" of the sixties.
924;3;Definitely a good value for those who enjoy music from this era.
924;4;The set also proves to be a great way to pick some excellent singles of some "one hit wonders" of the sixties.
924;5;The set also proves to be a great way to pick some excellent singles of some "one hit wonders" of the sixties.
924;6;The set also proves to be a great way to pick some excellent singles of some "one hit wonders" of the sixties.
924;7;The set also proves to be a great way to pick some excellent singles of some "one hit wonders" of the sixties.
924;8;by the Lyrics among others are such unexpected gems.
924;9;This song is a party for the ears and will actually have you dancing!
924;10;I bought the original 33 album double set in 1976 and loved it then.
925;1;I don't know, but this is as good as and so much more fun than the original.
925;2;Great...GOOD GIRLS GO TO HEAVEN (BAD GIRLS GO EVERYWHERE ELSE).
925;3;Great...GOOD GIRLS GO TO HEAVEN (BAD GIRLS GO EVERYWHERE ELSE).
925;4;His vocal performance on it is unbelievable, also Steinman keeps  his lyrics "serious" for once, throughout most of the song at  least.
925;5;His vocal performance on it is unbelievable, also Steinman keeps  his lyrics "serious" for once, throughout most of the song at  least.
925;6;* give you something you can take home.
925;7;It was a perfect autumn day, alone in the car.
925;8;His vocal performance on it is unbelievable, also Steinman keeps  his lyrics "serious" for once, throughout most of the song at  least.
925;9;This is a fun to sing to and THINK to CD!
925;10;Choose the songs off each album you truly love.
922;1;I have the remastered version which I think improves on a very good recording from 1975.
922;2;What an amazing remastering process.
922;3;I have the remastered version which I think improves on a very good recording from 1975.
922;4;What an amazing remastering process.
922;5;What an amazing remastering process.
922;6;What an amazing remastering process.
922;7;The song writing is great, and the hard driving guitar playing of Don Felder helps make this one classic.
922;8;It has an inviting melody, terrific lyrics, and is just an outright enjoyable piece of music.
922;9;All in all, this album is a lot of fun to listen to.
922;10;I replaced it with the CD and, 35 or so years later, still love this album as much as the first time I heard it.
923;1;That's awfully lofty company - the first album was an instant classic, 11 good tracks, 6-7 of them *extremely* good, and the first five in a row on the album absolutely fantastic.
923;2;Here, the words, often sad, bitter or uncertain, are matched with sweet, sure melodies, cleverly crafted, as on their first album, but more ambitious & expansive.
923;3;They're quite a good band, and you should give them a try."
923;4;Last December I was enjoying a pub lunch with some colleagues.
923;5;It's already one of my favorites of the year, so all in all it was a great purchase...I've read some negative reviews about this album, and it kind of raises a point about music reviewers.
923;6;Last December I was enjoying a pub lunch with some colleagues.
923;7;It is dreamlike, like being taken on a trip to some distant planet.
923;8;Here, the words, often sad, bitter or uncertain, are matched with sweet, sure melodies, cleverly crafted, as on their first album, but more ambitious & expansive.
923;9;Not only is this album rather melancholy about romantic love, but even friendship is threatened by success and by personal demons.
923;10;Not only is this album rather melancholy about romantic love, but even friendship is threatened by success and by personal demons.
920;1;I believe this was as good as anything he ever compiled since.
920;2;He does some of his most beautiful, sad tunes.
920;3;I believe this was as good as anything he ever compiled since.
920;4;I believe this was as good as anything he ever compiled since.
920;5;As time went on in the 70s, hed focus more on the bluesy jazz-rock element, but I dare say, musically speaking, this album is perhaps one of his most adventurous pieces of art he put out in the 1970s.
920;6;I believe this was as good as anything he ever compiled since.
920;7;"Martha" is just so wonderful
920;8;He does some of his most beautiful, sad tunes.
920;9;I believe this was as good as anything he ever compiled since.
920;10;In someone elses hands, it would sound oh-so-hokey, but in the hands of Waits, it is funny way for a man to proclaim his love to his gal.
921;1;"Walk Among Us" has everything a great album needs: strength, energy, emotion, humor, and great lines.
921;2;"Walk Among Us" has everything a great album needs: strength, energy, emotion, humor, and great lines.
921;3;Good chorus, and nice, upbeat music.
921;4;"Walk Among Us" has everything a great album needs: strength, energy, emotion, humor, and great lines.
921;5;"Walk Among Us" has everything a great album needs: strength, energy, emotion, humor, and great lines.
921;6;"Walk Among Us" has everything a great album needs: strength, energy, emotion, humor, and great lines.
921;7;"Walk Among Us" has everything a great album needs: strength, energy, emotion, humor, and great lines.
921;8;"Walk Among Us" has everything a great album needs: strength, energy, emotion, humor, and great lines.
921;9;"I Turned into a Martian" is a fun song, and "20 Eyes" is a work of punk rock song writing genius.
921;10;Walk Among Us is probably the best album ever (well, I have said that about every Misfit album so I guess this is my favorite of their album's - but I love them all.)
918;1;Not only does each track on here stand apart from the other ones because Carly is actually quite diverse in her songwriting skills, but each and every song has a really good vocal melody with lots of emotion courtesy of Carly's great vocal range.
918;2;Not only does each track on here stand apart from the other ones because Carly is actually quite diverse in her songwriting skills, but each and every song has a really good vocal melody with lots of emotion courtesy of Carly's great vocal range.
918;3;Not only does each track on here stand apart from the other ones because Carly is actually quite diverse in her songwriting skills, but each and every song has a really good vocal melody with lots of emotion courtesy of Carly's great vocal range.
918;4;Not only does each track on here stand apart from the other ones because Carly is actually quite diverse in her songwriting skills, but each and every song has a really good vocal melody with lots of emotion courtesy of Carly's great vocal range.
918;5;Not only does each track on here stand apart from the other ones because Carly is actually quite diverse in her songwriting skills, but each and every song has a really good vocal melody with lots of emotion courtesy of Carly's great vocal range.
918;6;Not only does each track on here stand apart from the other ones because Carly is actually quite diverse in her songwriting skills, but each and every song has a really good vocal melody with lots of emotion courtesy of Carly's great vocal range.
918;7;Of  course, the sell of "You're So Vain" is a no-brainer
918;8;Not only does each track on here stand apart from the other ones because Carly is actually quite diverse in her songwriting skills, but each and every song has a really good vocal melody with lots of emotion courtesy of Carly's great vocal range.
918;9;Not only does each track on here stand apart from the other ones because Carly is actually quite diverse in her songwriting skills, but each and every song has a really good vocal melody with lots of emotion courtesy of Carly's great vocal range.
918;10;There are certainly a couple items on it which are easy on a guy's eyes, like Carly's sensuous upper and lower lips, plus those millions of gorgeous teeth.
919;1;Dark star & fair game deal more with realtionships & are good efforts.
919;2;The seasoning may have been tough on their personal lives but it was, at that time, not bad for their music..."Shadow Captain" opened "CSN" to great effect.
919;3;Dark star & fair game deal more with realtionships & are good efforts.
919;4;"Anything At All" has Crosby's characteristic dreamy resignation to it, and in typical Crosby fashion, it really gets under your skin and moves you.
919;5;CSN is a subtle treasure, never over-produced, a study in restraint.
919;6;I had all the albums but they got distroyed in a house flood so was so nice to get them again and go back in time with the music
919;7;What a trip down memory lane once I got it!
919;8;"Fair Game" is a deviously laidback Latin-flavored folk-rocker with lyrics that are a real riot, and Stephen rips out a hot acoustic solo toward the end.
919;9;"Anything At All" has Crosby's characteristic dreamy resignation to it, and in typical Crosby fashion, it really gets under your skin and moves you.
919;10;Have loved them forever musically and still do after all these years.
916;1;She delivers every song with great emotion that reaches deep in your soul and touches you greatly.
916;2;This album is deep, spiritual, reflective, sad and hauntingly breathtaking.
916;3;But all the songs are really good.
916;4;She delivers every song with great emotion that reaches deep in your soul and touches you greatly.
916;5;She delivers every song with great emotion that reaches deep in your soul and touches you greatly.
916;6;She delivers every song with great emotion that reaches deep in your soul and touches you greatly.
916;7;Not many modern country legends have traveled throughtheir careers with the wherewithal, grace and vision of Emmylou Harris.
916;8;She delivers every song with great emotion that reaches deep in your soul and touches you greatly.
916;9;The Dvd is a fun experience of how some of the artists collaborate on something so wonderful.
916;10;I instantly fell in love with the record, the emotion, and the voice.
917;1;It's a greatest hits CD very good if you don't already have all of the songs.
917;2;He doesn't actually have a bad album, and for various reasons they are all worth collecting.
917;3;It's a greatest hits CD very good if you don't already have all of the songs.
917;4;Buy this now and you'll not only be getting Prine's debut album, but his first  greatest hits release as well.
917;5;I want to focus on one in particular, though.
917;6;Buy this now and you'll not only be getting Prine's debut album, but his first  greatest hits release as well.
917;7;Last year I bought the tape of John  Prine for my car.
917;8;John's songs have something for everyone and expose your emotions.
917;9;It was a different kind of music than I was used to, but it was fun to listen to.
917;10;It's been so nice to revisit his music  I loved it when it came out and I love it now.
914;1;We were at a concert of his and enjoyed it very much, he's a good singer and is a good performer.
914;2;Speaking of which, Keith never delves into anything obscence or negative, and leaves listeners with an overall enjoyable experience.
914;3;We were at a concert of his and enjoyed it very much, he's a good singer and is a good performer.
914;4;Even better live, and so glad to have had a chance to see how talented as a guitarist he truly is.
914;5;Even better live, and so glad to have had a chance to see how talented as a guitarist he truly is.
914;6;"God's Been Good To Me" is a joyous, ganjo laden retrospective on his incredible life and career that he wrote in a hotel room in Nashville while awaiting the completion of his new house..."This golden road's been long.
914;7;From an emotional standpoint, Keith Urban really bares all in his voice which can be strong and driving to soft and very personal.
914;8;He conveys such emotion unlike alot of other country artists.
914;9;Its really good and the tracks are all fun and just overall awesome.
914;10;I got this cd just a couple of weeks ago, my first Keith Urban album and I love it!
915;1;It takes me back and lots of the songs are just fun and good to dance to.
915;2;It takes me back and lots of the songs are just fun and good to dance to.
915;3;It takes me back and lots of the songs are just fun and good to dance to.
915;4;It takes me back and lots of the songs are just fun and good to dance to.
915;5;It takes me back and lots of the songs are just fun and good to dance to.
915;6;It's marvelously produced, the songs are sharp, clean and beautiful.
915;7;I have to blast it in the car.
915;8;Some good photos and the lyrics to songs on album.
915;9;It takes me back and lots of the songs are just fun and good to dance to.
915;10;Purchased this CD because I love this artist.
912;1;If you enjoy going back to some of the old stuff, this is a great recommendation.
912;2;Remastering is good, and great music...Now for the bad news.
912;3;Remastering is good, and great music...Now for the bad news.
912;4;It's an uplifting song about overcoming drug addiction, with the following empathetic lyrics.
912;5;Blues in technicolor...I read....."Like a number of artists, Lee made his name on the Woodstock stage.
912;6;I do not hear any major differences in the texture or sound due to the remastering for this release but I did not buy it for that reason, I just wanted a pristine clean copy, which is what I received.
912;7;It's an uplifting song about overcoming drug addiction, with the following empathetic lyrics.
912;8;It's an uplifting song about overcoming drug addiction, with the following empathetic lyrics.
912;9;It's an uplifting song about overcoming drug addiction, with the following empathetic lyrics.
912;10;Absolutely love this group and this LP.
913;1;Granted, for hardcore Elvis fans, much of  this material had been released before, but for me - it was one heck of a  good album.
913;2;Another great sounding Elvis reissue from Friday Music...This time Kevin Gray lends his ears to aid Joe Reagoso in the remastering of what would turn out to be the final complete album released by Elvis...A mixture of live tracks and the final studio recordings that were recorded in the Jungle Room of Graceland...Reissued on blue vinyl as the original pressing were, this is a must own of this classic album.
913;3;Granted, for hardcore Elvis fans, much of  this material had been released before, but for me - it was one heck of a  good album.
913;4;The old Irish folk song Danny Boy also gets a nice workout.
913;5;This is Elvis not as King of Rock 'n' Roll  but as King Lear, a man who knows that all the power in the world ain't  nothing without... well, you know what.
913;6;This is Elvis not as King of Rock 'n' Roll  but as King Lear, a man who knows that all the power in the world ain't  nothing without... well, you know what.
913;7;This is Elvis not as King of Rock 'n' Roll  but as King Lear, a man who knows that all the power in the world ain't  nothing without... well, you know what.
913;8;It displays the emotive and plaintiff side of Elvis and clearly paints the picture of a man who is sad, somewhat depressed and aware of some mistakes he has made in his personal life.
913;9;His update of the Diamonds' "Little Darlin'" is a lot of fun, and he also tackles two Olivia Newton-John hits, "If You Love Me (Let Me Know)", and "Let Me Be There".
913;10;I love the talent of Elvis Presley and especially like his gospel and romantic music.
911;1;They all feel relaxed, probably enjoying what the master has to say in songs such as It's All Good, Forgetful Heart, I Feel A Change Comin' On and Beyond Here Lies Nothin'...So is this a definite shift from previous albums?
911;2;The CD is one of his best, lots of great songs.
911;3;They all feel relaxed, probably enjoying what the master has to say in songs such as It's All Good, Forgetful Heart, I Feel A Change Comin' On and Beyond Here Lies Nothin'...So is this a definite shift from previous albums?
911;4;The CD is one of his best, lots of great songs.
911;5;After reading so many reviews thatwere so disrespectful to Mr. Dylan,I can only say that this cd is simply his best and the best cd of the year so far.
911;6;"My wife's home town" is a cool bluesy song with neat guitar and accordian.
911;7;The CD is one of his best, lots of great songs.
911;8;It's a curious choice but, consistent throughout, it is its own musical statement and perhaps his lyric and vocal offerings within the more reduced decibel (comparted to Love & Theft for example) are even more evident.
911;9;The tunes are bloody catchy on many tracks and he sounds like he's having spontaneous fun with it all.
911;10;So, in this record he delivers a collection of tunes that people can tap their feet to and jump around and be merry as he celebrates people's brightest worldly hope and object of admiration-- romantic love.
910;1;Some of the highlights on this album are:FanMail(a great song that talks about their fans that sent them fanmails),Silly Ho (another great tune with great opening and cool lyrcis),No Scrubs(Their first single and it's AWESOME song),I'm good at being bad (another fantastic tune with great lyrcis),Unpretty (Good song with great message),My Life(Awesome song) and Shout (great tune).
910;2;Come on down is very  pretty,and I'm good at being bad is so  excellently diabolicaly  malicious.
910;3;Come on down is very  pretty,and I'm good at being bad is so  excellently diabolicaly  malicious.
910;4;Fanmail and lovesick are  the best songs,(I listened to fanmail over 30 times).
910;5;Fanmail and lovesick are  the best songs,(I listened to fanmail over 30 times).
910;6;I cant wait until may 1st for the delivery of this great and awesome album to my house!
910;7;Fanmail and lovesick are  the best songs,(I listened to fanmail over 30 times).
910;8;good at being bad- multi-layer song, funny lyrics.
910;9;Many of the songs are fast-paced, fun songs, but TLC also mellows out to put their heart into a few slower ones too, and a few of the songs have an electronically-altered feel.
910;10;But,like all my fav albums,this one grows on you,and it grows so big you will love it.
909;1;Arrived in time in good condition.
909;2;A pearl from my childhood!
909;3;Arrived in time in good condition.
909;4;A pearl from my childhood!
909;5;A pearl from my childhood!
909;6;For true devotees to this soundtrack since my parents brought the LP home and surprised us kids back in 1964.
909;7;A pearl from my childhood!
909;8;Julie Andrews is of course amazing, and the lyrics are clever and fun.
909;9;It's a fun Soundtrack to listen too.
909;10;Everyone who loved the movie, will love singing along with the CD!
908;1;Christmas Dinner, Country Style is lots of fun (only Bing can make square-dancing music cool), but it's best to prepare yourself in advance for the unexpected solo parts performed by the most famous reindeer of all in Rudolf the Red-Nosed Reindeer (clearly, Rudolph needs to stick with his day - er, night - job)...This is just a fantastic album, one that really deserves a better and more complete version of White Christmas.
908;2;It's a guaranteed crowd-pleaser at Christmas parties and family get-togethers, but it is perhaps best enjoyed in quiet contemplation.
908;3;It has become the definitive Christmas song (outside of traditional carols), and its warm feeling and hope of a time gone by always brings a glow...Every song on this album is strong, with a good mix of traditional (O Holy Night, Hark!
908;4;It's a guaranteed crowd-pleaser at Christmas parties and family get-togethers, but it is perhaps best enjoyed in quiet contemplation.
908;5;It's a guaranteed crowd-pleaser at Christmas parties and family get-togethers, but it is perhaps best enjoyed in quiet contemplation.
908;6;This album was bought for Christmas and enjoyed by all visitors to our home.
908;7;It's a guaranteed crowd-pleaser at Christmas parties and family get-togethers, but it is perhaps best enjoyed in quiet contemplation.
908;8;It's a guaranteed crowd-pleaser at Christmas parties and family get-togethers, but it is perhaps best enjoyed in quiet contemplation.
908;9;It's a guaranteed crowd-pleaser at Christmas parties and family get-togethers, but it is perhaps best enjoyed in quiet contemplation.
908;10;My 20 something daughter loves this, and she didn't grow up listening to it.
907;1;Some of the highlights on this album are:FanMail(a great song that talks about their fans that sent them fanmails),Silly Ho (another great tune with great opening and cool lyrcis),No Scrubs(Their first single and it's AWESOME song),I'm good at being bad (another fantastic tune with great lyrcis),Unpretty (Good song with great message),My Life(Awesome song) and Shout (great tune).
907;2;This CD has many good songs... The best would have to be... err... "Silly Ho", "No Scrubs", "I'm Good At Being Bad", and "Unpretty"... I guess "My Life" too... Recommended.
907;3;This CD has many good songs... The best would have to be... err... "Silly Ho", "No Scrubs", "I'm Good At Being Bad", and "Unpretty"... I guess "My Life" too... Recommended.
907;4;"Unpretty" was also a big hit, a nice anthem song.
907;5;"Unpretty" was also a big hit, a nice anthem song.
907;6;I cant wait until may 1st for the delivery of this great and awesome album to my house!
907;7;"Unpretty" was also a big hit, a nice anthem song.
907;8;good at being bad- multi-layer song, funny lyrics.
907;9;It's fun to sing along with.
907;10;I Miss You You So Much--I don't like ballads all that much and I love this song.
906;1;It's a great album and proves how good the original band was.
906;2;One of my favorites is the last track, which is released here for the first time.
906;3;It's a great album and proves how good the original band was.
906;4;One of my favorites is the last track, which is released here for the first time.
906;5;A few other tunes that don't quite measure up to those 4 but are rather good are: "Was I Right Or Wrong", "Preacher's Daughter", "And Down South Jukin'"...If you don't own this album, stop reading these reviews and GO BUY IT!
906;6;One of my favorites is the last track, which is released here for the first time.
906;7;One of my favorites is the last track, which is released here for the first time.
906;8;One of my favorites is the last track, which is released here for the first time.
906;9;One of my favorites is the last track, which is released here for the first time.
906;10;I loved "First... and Last" when it came out, and here are nine additional tracks.
905;1;It sounds just superb...Have Fun!
905;2;There are many moments to cherish, but for me the real highlights are the amazing performance of "Under Pressure," the always enjoyable "Five Years," and the moving "Slip Away," a more recent Bowie composition...There are many who were skeptic when Bowie announced that he was going to embark on his first stadium tour in years (bad memories of "The Glass Spider" tour are still etched in many peoples minds.)
905;3;There are many moments to cherish, but for me the real highlights are the amazing performance of "Under Pressure," the always enjoyable "Five Years," and the moving "Slip Away," a more recent Bowie composition...There are many who were skeptic when Bowie announced that he was going to embark on his first stadium tour in years (bad memories of "The Glass Spider" tour are still etched in many peoples minds.)
905;4;This is an artist who has made a career by bucking the trends and straying from the norm, so this DVD makes sense!
905;5;This is an artist who has made a career by bucking the trends and straying from the norm, so this DVD makes sense!
905;6;The concert rocks and it looks great and sounds clean.
905;7;It's a great trip through memory lane and getting to see him perform the songs is just too perfect.
905;8;There are many moments to cherish, but for me the real highlights are the amazing performance of "Under Pressure," the always enjoyable "Five Years," and the moving "Slip Away," a more recent Bowie composition...There are many who were skeptic when Bowie announced that he was going to embark on his first stadium tour in years (bad memories of "The Glass Spider" tour are still etched in many peoples minds.)
905;9;It sounds just superb...Have Fun!
905;10;If you love music and aren't afraid to go through the Changes this is a must.
904;1;Took awhile for me to warm up to this one, but it really does work well -  a true "feel good" song.
904;2;If you are in a bad mood this cd will put a smile on your face and make you wanna dance.
904;3;Took awhile for me to warm up to this one, but it really does work well -  a true "feel good" song.
904;4;This song is so gloriously uplifting I have literally had to stop myself from throwing my hands up while listening to this track (over & over again) at the gym.
904;5;The result of their collaboration is Aphrodite...and it is hands down the best pop/dance album ever to grace our ears this year, and one of the best albums Minogue has ever given us...Kylie's last outing, X, was a fantastic album though it was also very haphazard and not very focused.
904;6;Reminds me, not in terms of style, but of emotional intensity, story-telling, melodic inventiveness, imaginative formal structure/progression (etc.) of the best of the Supremes from the mid-sixties, especially "Reflections", but also "Love is Here - Now You're Gone", "Love is Like an Itching in My Heart", and so.
904;7;Sure, her voice may not be strong like other pop divas, but she capitalizes on that girl next door appeal and innate sensuality to deliver a truly likable record: joyous, stylistically cohesive, with limitations and originality gaps, but overall outstanding as a testament of the paths she has traveled.
904;8;The upbeat tempo that she carries in all of her lyrics not only supports dancing, but also working out (believe me, Aphrodite is perfect if you are working out).
904;9;This album is the most fun since "Light years" and the most interesting since "Fever", quite possibly her best work...The album is a non-stop feel-good party of positive outlook on love and happiness, feeling fierce and mighty and being back to life!
904;10;A fine up-tempo love song.
903;1;Not to say it's Ultra-fi, but for the first time you can hear what those guys were doing when they put together these productions, and It is Good.
903;2;This sad ballad again keeps Gene's vocals squarely in the spotlight
903;3;Not to say it's Ultra-fi, but for the first time you can hear what those guys were doing when they put together these productions, and It is Good.
903;4;He's listened to it two nights in a row while exercising & absolutely loves it---as do I. Quite a collection of Gene's work & well worth every penny spent on it!
903;5;It must have been 1959 or 1960 when I sat in study hall and listened to "....I'm going to love my life away.
903;6;Wonderful album and the recordings are nice and clean.
903;7;He's listened to it two nights in a row while exercising & absolutely loves it---as do I. Quite a collection of Gene's work & well worth every penny spent on it!
903;8;When I first heard "Only Love Can Break A Heart"I was captivated by the strong emotion coming from Gene Pitney's voice.
903;9;He's listened to it two nights in a row while exercising & absolutely loves it---as do I. Quite a collection of Gene's work & well worth every penny spent on it!
903;10;He's listened to it two nights in a row while exercising & absolutely loves it---as do I. Quite a collection of Gene's work & well worth every penny spent on it!
902;1;As it is Evanescence's 1st DVD, I found it very good, and I really enjoyed the live show, but it's kind of boring, because the stage is too simple, and there isn't any exciting moment in the show, and I gave it 5 stars because of the concert and the special features, all combinated, because it has very nice special features
902;2;Very good, I couldn't have been more pleased, the only complaint, which many people agree with this, is the rapid editing, but that wasn't really as bad as people make it out to be (unless your picky about these things) anyway, this DVD was great (I loved the hour of behind the scences they showed!
902;3;Very good, I couldn't have been more pleased, the only complaint, which many people agree with this, is the rapid editing, but that wasn't really as bad as people make it out to be (unless your picky about these things) anyway, this DVD was great (I loved the hour of behind the scences they showed!
902;4;For example...listen to "Field Of Innocence" from Origin and the 1997/98 demo "October"...both great, infact awesome, songs, but not the style Evanescence wants...Always amusing, although a little shocking at moments, yet undeniably hilarious, the Behind The Scenes featurettes were a great addition.
902;5;The concert footage is what makes this performance even better, I like the way the camera doesn't just focus on Amy.
902;6;It's a fine song which was originally intended for Fallen but was cut, along with Farther Away, and the truly exceptional Breathe No More (the latter two are included in the live concert)...Behind the Scenes is a compilation of "home video" of the group.
902;7;The CD is nice in terms of being able to listen to it in the car, but I rarely think concert's CDs sound as good as the video/DVD.
902;8;And for the most part the concepts actually relate to the lyrics...I predict Evanescence will be around for many years to come and I can't wait to hear their new album set for release sometime next year.
902;9;behind-the-scenes footage and a hidden preformance of "Bring Me To Life", that I discovered about 1 month after I bought the DVD, and it is so cool, and it's very exciting and fun to look for it, and if you haven't found it yet, it's in one of the menus....And I also gave it 5 stars because of the CD, and the 14 track "Missing".
902;10;Defintley recommend to all Evanescence fans and any music fan that loves awesome music.
901;1;Overall, Underworld should appeal to all who enjoy good music.
901;2;While there is not a bad symphony x album, this one ranks among their best (riding behind odyssey and V: The mythology suite).
901;3;All of the songs are very good, and well-thought: a detailed listening of the "simple" songs/parts should reveal intricate points.
901;4;It ends up being a great mix that is growing on me.
901;5;This record brings back the focus found on The Odyssey, Paradise Lost and any of the late 90's works like TDWOT and TIO...This is a recommend for fans of progressive metal, fans of Symphony X who may have been turned off by Iconoclast and fans of progressive rock in general.
901;6;It ends up being a great mix that is growing on me.
901;7;It ends up being a great mix that is growing on me.
901;8;While there is not a bad symphony x album, this one ranks among their best (riding behind odyssey and V: The mythology suite).
901;9;When they did, given the quirky time signatures, I got used to everything and liked them more and more...This is certainly not dance music.
901;10;All I can really say is that it's one of the few albums that I loved from the very second I heard it (as in, all of it).
900;1;This is a hybrid album that mixes classic trash with modern death metal, and it is a good mix, they take the best of both and gives us a crystal clear metal album that make your feet and neck bounce... Dave Lombardo does a great job behind the kit (check out Dave on Mike Patton`s fantastic Fantomas albums!)
900;2;"Demonic" has sort of a death metal sound to it for instance.
900;3;It's almost on a par with the drumming of Dave Culross of Malevolent Creation (this is another good thing).
900;4;"Demonic" has sort of a death metal sound to it for instance.
900;5;"Demonic" has sort of a death metal sound to it for instance.
900;6;The drums are very clean and at times, such as in track 2, are quite fun.
900;7;"Demonic" has sort of a death metal sound to it for instance.
900;8;There is one lyric in particular that, when I hear it, makes me laugh with joy: "I am not about to run away!"
900;9;The drums are very clean and at times, such as in track 2, are quite fun.
900;10;Yet they still sound like the good old Testament that we all love and adore.
899;1;Got a lot interest on Robert Glasper ever since about almost 2 years ago I heard his music, and their pretty good to hear.
899;2;Afro blue remake is the best song on the CD!
899;3;Got a lot interest on Robert Glasper ever since about almost 2 years ago I heard his music, and their pretty good to hear.
899;4;His messages were well received and heart felt.
899;5;With so much music becoming popular based on spectacle and ridiculous antics (as he touches upon at the end of "Gonna Be Alright"), it's refreshing and reassuring that artists like these are keeping the focus on musicianship.
899;6;The Robert Glasper Experiment hit a big-time home run with&nbsp
899;7;It something when we learn from Our Children, several years ago my Daughter played this CD on a road trip.
899;8;As always, the Experiment holds things down, serving as both an excellent backdrop and as a creative force, be it Glasper's piano lines, Hodges's buttressing bass, or Dave's melodic treatment of drum set...On "Gonna Be Alright (F.T.B.)", Glasper takes a cut entitled "F.T.B." from album&nbsp
899;9;(TRUTH) I am having fun with this one y'all.
899;10;This CD is truly Jazz meets hip hop and they are in love!!!
898;1;I recommend this album to anyone who enjoys rock or punk music, or wants a fun, introspective listening experience.
898;2;Such a sad and beautiful song especially the chorus.
898;3;But Adams' new release is a beast on its own...I won't go into detail of every track but my favorites are: Gimme Something Good, My Wrecking Ball, Shadows and I Just Might.
898;4;It sounds seamless and full of hard-hitting urgency that makes you want to take a drive and rehash your feelings, thoughts and emotions.
898;5;Also, the focus on the electric guitar this time around with some acoustic songs mixed is music to my ears...So far, the standout songs for me are "Gimme Something Good", "I Just Might" and "Am I Safe".
898;6;The vocals are crisp and clean especially during the chorus.
898;7;It sounds seamless and full of hard-hitting urgency that makes you want to take a drive and rehash your feelings, thoughts and emotions.
898;8;It sounds seamless and full of hard-hitting urgency that makes you want to take a drive and rehash your feelings, thoughts and emotions.
898;9;I recommend this album to anyone who enjoys rock or punk music, or wants a fun, introspective listening experience.
898;10;Others such as Stay With Me and Am I Safe are also really good, but come second after the former tracks...I love everything about this record!
897;1;Regardless to the language barrier I feel like a child - innocent, carefree and happy, whenever I listen to this CD.
897;2;They also manage to capture that sad, wordless longing for childhood nostalgia.
897;3;And since the Flaming Lips rule, that's pretty good company to be in...There are some traces of traditional rock sounds to be found on Takk..., mostly in the drumming, but they're combined with heavy doses of symphonic instrumentation (especially strings), which, along with the band's soaring melodies and the wonderfully alien, androgynous vocals of frontman Jonsi, elevate the band's sound into the aural stratosphere.
897;4;Every time I listen to the album I hear something new.
897;5;It's wonderful music to rest to, and I often put it on when I'm studying, as there's veryl ittle here that's jarring or hard on the nerves...A sensational record, for those that enjoy atmospheric music.
897;6;And in the end, that's really what this album is: a nostalgic dream of something you perhaps experianced as a child, or in another life
897;7;Every time I listen to the album I hear something new.
897;8;The music is so interesting that unlike most outfits of popular music, the listener doesn't have to turn to the text of the lyrics in order to maintain interest.
897;9;You cannot dance to it, but you can certainly revel in it.
897;10;Love this sound the feel, the creativity.
896;1;It also captures a moment in time for the band itself, before "Pet Sounds" and "Good Vibrations" represented a shift in their musical direction that, while showing an appreciable growth in artistry, had an adverse affect on their commercial viability.
896;2;the sound quality is amazing compared to the original.
896;3;It also captures a moment in time for the band itself, before "Pet Sounds" and "Good Vibrations" represented a shift in their musical direction that, while showing an appreciable growth in artistry, had an adverse affect on their commercial viability.
896;4;the sound quality is amazing compared to the original.
896;5;the sound quality is amazing compared to the original.
896;6;They delivered  the 60s summer clean cut california scene which they were a part of, themselves.
896;7;Hit the beach, surf, drive cool cars, date cute girls.
896;8;It's a delight to the ears...The album is back from the "good ole days" -- you know -- when bands wrote music, many lyrics had some artistry, sang (with real singing), and could sing on key.
896;9;This is a classic record and truly gives you a great taste of fun summer beach music.
896;10;I bought this album back in the 70's and still love listening to it today.
1016;1;Yeah, I get the feeling she still wants to have some fun, but I also sense she now believes that there's more to life than just a good time.
1016;2;Not since Carly Simon's "In Pain" (from 1980's classic COME UPSTAIRS) has an artist so ravaged both her vocal cords AND heart to get her story across.
1016;3;The latter at first listen might seem awkward, but on further listen are equally as good as her more accessible songs.
1016;4;There are plenty of upbeat tunes, stunning balads and bonafide hits.
1016;5;It focuses on the spirit of the residents of New Orleans, and it's got lyrics to die for:.
1016;6;The CD has enjoyed a lot of airplay in the car over the last six months, and I'm sure that Crow is feeling at home with her music again.
1016;7;The CD has enjoyed a lot of airplay in the car over the last six months, and I'm sure that Crow is feeling at home with her music again.
1016;8;The songwriting is timeless, the lyrics potent and true, the singing extraordinary.
1016;9;This spirited ode to New Orleans could easily be written off as a fun little ditty, what with it's hand claps, Rickie Lee Jones-esque opening groove and Mardi Gras party vibe, but there's a lot more to it than that.
1016;10;At the same time, people you know you love now have to be loved more wisely, primarily because all of a sudden you have to put yourself first - maybe for the first time ever.
1017;1;Irreplaceable is a good song about how people can sometimes become attached to their possessions.
1017;2;She also raps on this one and it wasn't bad.
1017;3;Irreplaceable is a good song about how people can sometimes become attached to their possessions.
1017;4;Suga Mama is a groovy sounding track about a sweet person.
1017;5;Suga Mama is a groovy sounding track about a sweet person.
1017;6;This CD is BETTER than Dangerously In Love except classics like "Crazy In Love" "Baby Boy" and "Me, Myself, and I" are better than ANY of the songs on this record...but overall I can pop her album in and ride in my car all day whereas with Dangerously in Love I would only play while chillen or relaxing at home...With that said---my favorites songs are:.
1017;7;This CD is BETTER than Dangerously In Love except classics like "Crazy In Love" "Baby Boy" and "Me, Myself, and I" are better than ANY of the songs on this record...but overall I can pop her album in and ride in my car all day whereas with Dangerously in Love I would only play while chillen or relaxing at home...With that said---my favorites songs are:.
1017;8;If you are angry with your man "Irreplaceable" and "Ring Alarm" will help you express those emotions.
1017;9;This song makes me want to party and find a pretty woman of my own.
1017;10;sheesh i love the entire thing.
1018;1;Great package the music on the cd is classic blues when you read the back stories you can't wait to see the dvd, The dvd is everything you hope for as KWS does such a great job of honoring these legends hats off to you Mr Shephard well done I really enjoyed this thanks for keeping the blues alive and well!!!!
1018;2;the  dvd should be  add d  to  the  national  treasures vault.....far  far  beyond great... thank you  kenny n friends ....
1018;3;This is an awesome collection of good blues with Kenny Wayne collaborating with some Blues Legends!
1018;4;the  dvd should be  add d  to  the  national  treasures vault.....far  far  beyond great... thank you  kenny n friends ....
1018;5;Great package the music on the cd is classic blues when you read the back stories you can't wait to see the dvd, The dvd is everything you hope for as KWS does such a great job of honoring these legends hats off to you Mr Shephard well done I really enjoyed this thanks for keeping the blues alive and well!!!!
1018;6;Shepherd took home the 1998 and 2001 Orville H. Gibson Awards for Best Blues Guitarist...Musicians:.
1018;7;Kenny Wayne did actually travel the backroads to play and speak to these fine blues performers and thankfully shares with us his remarkable trip.
1018;8;This creates an album where the songs are played with a lot of soul, energy, and emotion, and it's truly a pleasure to hear such varied voices in one album...Amazing!
1018;9;The fun these terrific musicians have playing together, sharing their craft and the joy will jump over to you, who knows, maybe in the end even turning you into yet another blues fan like me.
1018;10;Everybody who loves rock and the blues should do themselves a favor and see Kenny Wayne Sheppard!
1019;1;The strokes show creative and fun ways to deliver themselves while expressing true emotions.
1019;2;I love the tightness of the band, and the delightful guitar work that adorns each cut.
1019;3;"12:51" and "You Talk Way Too Much" are among the best songs they have ever done, and "Under Control" (with its Television-like guitar lines) and "The End Has No End" later on are just as good.
1019;4;I love the tightness of the band, and the delightful guitar work that adorns each cut.
1019;5;I disagree wholeheartedly and believe that instead this gives the listener some familiar tie that will only encourage additional listening and create the opportunity to study the work more intensely and explore the deeper regions of each track.
1019;6;I love the tightness of the band, and the delightful guitar work that adorns each cut.
1019;7;If your looking for the retro sound of the Velvet Underground mixed with the Cars than this is a great album to purchase.
1019;8;The infectious lyrics and guitar lines are incredible throughout the CD, and Songs like "The end has no End" and the first four tracks of the CD in sucsession should help to quell anyone's doubts.
1019;9;What they are doing is every bit as challenging and fun as what THE WHITE STRIPES are up to (another favorite band).
1019;10;But if you're somebody who likes to throw on a good CD with a bunch of friends, throw back a couple drinks, and have a good time you will love this album.
1020;1;The latest set of songs from The Best Band In The World right now is there best since Violator, and is close to as good as it!!
1020;2;Works well as filler in the album's context though...The other songs mentioned aren't bad, but I'd say they are standard fare for the band.
1020;3;I Am You (one of their best haunting somber romantic songs: whether good or bad, a oneness in a relationship, referred to in both beauty as well as fear "we're in this trap", and likening love to an addiction).
1020;4;On every album you can hear their thoughts and see their progress.
1020;5;Mark Bell's production adds a clarity and focus to the brilliant yet eclectic instrumentation and arrangements of Gore's songs.
1020;6;Now it lives in my home player...and after a day of work, I push play and unwind...and it's my house cleaning theme music too lol.It took me a day or two to really get into the groove of it but it is definitely worth a space in one's DM collection.
1020;7;It's an acoustic guitar driven number, with very light electronic sounds, reminiscent to some extent to that of "Personal Jesus," but with a lyrically faster pace and surreal tone.
1020;8;A lot better lyrics, much more daring production and synth lines, and a lot more uplifting.
1020;9;Overall, the sound is a bit on the more laid-back side, with only tracks like "I feel Loved" living up to the dance floor beats that everyone has expected DM to produce.
1020;10;There are a couple faster songs, "Dream On", "I Feel Loved" and "The Dead of Night", which plays like "Barrel of a Gun"  Part 2.
1021;1;This was a very good purchase and I have enjoyed it very much in fact I have been listening to it over and over again.
1021;2;Seether is an extremely underrated band.
1021;3;good blend of styles,  I find it a very relaxing yet blood pumping album
1021;4;Seether is an extremely underrated band.
1021;5;Seether is an extremely underrated band.
1021;6;Seether is an extremely underrated band.
1021;7;Seether is an extremely underrated band.
1021;8;And the band's mix of angst & heartfelt lyrics often got me through the occasional lousy day.
1021;9;I also had a chance to catch a fun live performance from Seether when they opened as one of the musical acts of an exciting Nickelback concert that I attended back in April 2012.
1021;10;I love Seether and Amazon MP3!
1022;1;Very good cd, it has the best of the supremes before the break, and diana left to become a bigger star.
1022;2;Very good cd, it has the best of the supremes before the break, and diana left to become a bigger star.
1022;3;Very good cd, it has the best of the supremes before the break, and diana left to become a bigger star.
1022;4;Very good cd, it has the best of the supremes before the break, and diana left to become a bigger star.
1022;5;Very good cd, it has the best of the supremes before the break, and diana left to become a bigger star.
1022;6;Very good cd, it has the best of the supremes before the break, and diana left to become a bigger star.
1022;7;How sweet it is to take a trip down memory lane.
1022;8;Very good cd, it has the best of the supremes before the break, and diana left to become a bigger star.
1022;9;Very good cd, it has the best of the supremes before the break, and diana left to become a bigger star.
1022;10;Oh boy, I love this CD !!!!!
1023;1;I would highly recommend this to anybody who enjoys good music.
1023;2;A lot of really beautiful songs on this set.
1023;3;I would highly recommend this to anybody who enjoys good music.
1023;4;A lot of really beautiful songs on this set.
1023;5;David, if you read these, please accept my heart felt THANKS for a terrific 2 hours.
1023;6;A lot of really beautiful songs on this set.
1023;7;A CD which I can play in my car and two hours + of DVD entertainment to watch and cheer.
1023;8;The Italian tenor is in a league of his own, his voice and emotion second to none, and in this set, he sings three songs that highlight his immense qualities: "Amapola", "Because we believe", and an incredible version (maybe the best) of "The Prayer".
1023;9;But get the DVD to really enjoy 2 solid hours of great music and fun.
1023;10;When I saw the concert on PBS, I loved it!
1008;1;And his duet with Cheryl Crow in "Baby It's Cold Outside" is refreshing and fun, yet respectful of the original arrangement.
1008;2;He wrote 2 great songs ("What God Wants for Christmas" and "Candy Cane Christmas") that are touching and really make you think about the season, each one from a different perspective.
1008;3;This is a good Christmas cd by Darius.
1008;4;He wrote 2 great songs ("What God Wants for Christmas" and "Candy Cane Christmas") that are touching and really make you think about the season, each one from a different perspective.
1008;5;Darius Rucker could probably read the phone book aloud and I would love it because I love his voice.
1008;6;Home For The Holidays is a good Christmas CD by Darius Rucker.
1008;7;He wrote 2 great songs ("What God Wants for Christmas" and "Candy Cane Christmas") that are touching and really make you think about the season, each one from a different perspective.
1008;8;He infuses energy and emotion into these standards and the originals are both touching and a bit rockin'.
1008;9;And his duet with Cheryl Crow in "Baby It's Cold Outside" is refreshing and fun, yet respectful of the original arrangement.
1008;10;love darius and his music
1009;1;So happy I bought it, makes it so much easier to enjoy panic!
1009;2;The slight orchestral moments in the song are a nice touch too.
1009;3;At a mere 32 minutes long, it's just a good straightforward pop album.
1009;4;The slight orchestral moments in the song are a nice touch too.
1009;5;Urie's voice has become more of a focus, which is well deserved and hopefully well received in the pop world 2014 (Levine be damned)...2.342
1009;6;The slight orchestral moments in the song are a nice touch too.
1009;7;The slight orchestral moments in the song are a nice touch too.
1009;8;After actually listening to the lyrics, the opening and closing beats sound more like a heartbeat to me!
1009;9;Also, its just a simple and fun pop album.
1009;10;Then after a few listens I loved it.
1010;1;All of the artists offer covers that range from fantastic to good.
1010;2;This is a fitting tribute to one of metal's all time legends.
1010;3;Well done guys, may Ronnie rest in peace
1010;4;This is a fitting tribute to one of metal's all time legends.
1010;5;This is a fitting tribute to one of metal's all time legends.
1010;6;Taylor has managed to score a massive home run here and his respect for RJD is evident.
1010;7;This is a fitting tribute to one of metal's all time legends.
1010;8;This is a fitting tribute to one of metal's all time legends.
1010;9;Now while Im not a fan of Motorhead, I do like Saxon and found this to be a great combination which worked well, this is a fun track.
1010;10;9/10, great cover...This is Your Life: This is pretty much Ronnie's love for his music summarized into a beautiful song
1011;1;Also, the extra tracks  aren't that great, but Cars is fun, even if it adds nothing really new to  the original.
1011;2;i was pleased to find the rest wasn't too bad at all, I'm sort of on the border of hard rock and death metal, but i still enjoyed this album.
1011;3;All the songs are good, even ones  where he screams the whole time such as Edgecrusher.
1011;4;Also, the extra tracks  aren't that great, but Cars is fun, even if it adds nothing really new to  the original.
1011;5;'Obsolete' maintains the visceral attack of its 1995 predecessor and mixes in a greater focus on songwriting and arrangement
1011;6;The production is immaculate, the band tight and focused
1011;7;got it for the Cars track because i loved it back in the day when i played Test Drive 6.
1011;8;Burtons Vocals shine brightly here, With memerable lyrics and vocals.
1011;9;Also, the extra tracks  aren't that great, but Cars is fun, even if it adds nothing really new to  the original.
1011;10;It will really start to grow on you,  and pretty soon you'll find yourself loving it.
1012;1;The overall feel of this album is true to Gary Allan's style while having a themematic element that I really enjoyed.
1012;2;The overall feel of this album is true to Gary Allan's style while having a themematic element that I really enjoyed.
1012;3;I bought this CD for a good friend.
1012;4;The overall feel of this album is true to Gary Allan's style while having a themematic element that I really enjoyed.
1012;5;The overall feel of this album is true to Gary Allan's style while having a themematic element that I really enjoyed.
1012;6;The overall feel of this album is true to Gary Allan's style while having a themematic element that I really enjoyed.
1012;7;The overall feel of this album is true to Gary Allan's style while having a themematic element that I really enjoyed.
1012;8;It is nice to feel like the singer believes what he is singing and not just feeding the listeners a bunch of lyrics.
1012;9;The overall feel of this album is true to Gary Allan's style while having a themematic element that I really enjoyed.
1012;10;I love Gerry for the liberator that he is.
1013;1;very good job out this out I am very happy with it think you getting it to and I will be getting more thing from you guy's !!!
1013;2;I've never heard a bad Sara Evans album (and I have them all, I think), and this one is wonderful from start to finish..Country-rock at its very best
1013;3;Mostly good song choices for her voice.
1013;4;Mostly good song choices for her voice.
1013;5;Mostly good song choices for her voice.
1013;6;Mostly good song choices for her voice.
1013;7;Mostly good song choices for her voice.
1013;8;Such emotion and passion are felt in her lyrics.
1013;9;Mostly good song choices for her voice.
1013;10;I have always been a fan of hers but truly love this CD!!
1014;1;Great albums come along rarely and this is one of them...If you at all enjoy Pop opera you must purchase this CD.
1014;2;Great way to end a great album, however this song is dominated a bit too much by Carlos...The only negative thing here is that yet again, they have released an album starved of original songs, and the original songs that they have put on this album won't stand the test of time like the originals of past albums.
1014;3;It manages to remind but not make one long for Bocelli's version--it is good enough to stand on its own highly decorated legs...Is this great music?
1014;4;your time, Carlos, David, Seb, and Urs to create a  modern day master piece.
1014;5;your time, Carlos, David, Seb, and Urs to create a  modern day master piece.
1014;6;your time, Carlos, David, Seb, and Urs to create a  modern day master piece.
1014;7;My friend and I drove 8 hours to DC to actually see and hear these beautiful men in concert.
1014;8;your time, Carlos, David, Seb, and Urs to create a  modern day master piece.
1014;9;your time, Carlos, David, Seb, and Urs to create a  modern day master piece.
1014;10;I have this CD and I highly recommend anyone who loves GREAT music, and lots of gorgeous harmony should definitely get this CD.
1015;1;A very good cd, sounds like old 60's music.
1015;2;Put on your blue suede dancing shoes and  or go for a drive with the top down!
1015;3;A very good cd, sounds like old 60's music.
1015;4;Got a real Muscle Shoals feel.
1015;5;Got a real Muscle Shoals feel.
1015;6;Got a real Muscle Shoals feel.
1015;7;Put on your blue suede dancing shoes and  or go for a drive with the top down!
1015;8;Overall this is an album which wears its heart on its sleeve, it want to entertain, to pull at your emotions and to make you punch the air.
1015;9;Got a real Muscle Shoals feel.
1015;10;All of the City should be in love with "Half of the City"...This is my Indie music night....I have just discovered these guys after looking for "Lee Fields and the Expressions".........Oh my goodness.....talk about fabulous!
1001;1;Being a nearly 3 hour play required additional music, all of which are quite good...Go see the play and just enjoy the spectacle and music.
1001;2;This is a perfect musical for anyone who is having a bad day or has lost someone they love can relate- I found the show inspiring, stiring, and powerful and listen to the CD brings back those same emotions.
1001;3;Being a nearly 3 hour play required additional music, all of which are quite good...Go see the play and just enjoy the spectacle and music.
1001;4;I do enjoy the convenience of Auto-Rip, though, and feel that gives me the best of both worlds...Some people were surprised the songs in the play differed some from the movie.
1001;5;I do enjoy the convenience of Auto-Rip, though, and feel that gives me the best of both worlds...Some people were surprised the songs in the play differed some from the movie.
1001;6;I do enjoy the convenience of Auto-Rip, though, and feel that gives me the best of both worlds...Some people were surprised the songs in the play differed some from the movie.
1001;7;It is played constantly in the car when travelling with our grand kids.
1001;8;This is a perfect musical for anyone who is having a bad day or has lost someone they love can relate- I found the show inspiring, stiring, and powerful and listen to the CD brings back those same emotions.
1001;9;Also included on the cd are fun versions of "The Lion Sleeps tonight" as well as songs found on Disney's sequel to "The Lion King", called "Simba's Pride".
1001;10;If you love the film - you'll certainly love this  CD even though a lot of songs are different.
1000;1;The finisher is the brisk and happy A Celebration, a great way to close the album...Unlike other reviews, I thoroughly enjoy Mike Keneally's keyboard work here (despite my indifference toward the track Three Sheets To The Wind, as mentioned previously), as I also did in the Black Holes album.
1000;2;i'm a true fan so i won't give negative comments about it.
1000;3;i always listen to it at night to relax.
1000;4;All these listings are intense, loud and very powerful.
1000;5;All these listings are intense, loud and very powerful.
1000;6;All these listings are intense, loud and very powerful.
1000;7;Whether he's playing out front with Joe, or in the background driving the song, I thoroughly enjoy his talents in these last two albums...And what can I say about Satch that hasn't been said already?
1000;8;The soul is there, the emotion, and of course, the virtuoso guitar playing
1000;9;All these listings are intense, loud and very powerful.
1000;10;wow love this cd from start to finish...catchy bars that stick in your head...grabbed it cheap and love the whole cd.
1003;1;Really fun lyrics and it's good song if we you wanna dance around.
1003;2;John and the Boys wrote and recorded some great ballads, "I'll Be There For You" and "Living In Sin," and created feel-good tunes such as "Bad Medicine."
1003;3;John and the Boys wrote and recorded some great ballads, "I'll Be There For You" and "Living In Sin," and created feel-good tunes such as "Bad Medicine."
1003;4;There is perhaps a grain of truth in the notion that half of their audience were teenagers and women and their sucess was soemwhat overrated, as well as that they went big on Jon Bon Jovi's coiffeur and outlook, though...  Nonetheless, I think they truly deserved their overwhealming breakthrough from the 80's offering people catchy, competent and well-ctrafted pop-rock-metal tunes played on and on by the MTV.
1003;5;There is perhaps a grain of truth in the notion that half of their audience were teenagers and women and their sucess was soemwhat overrated, as well as that they went big on Jon Bon Jovi's coiffeur and outlook, though...  Nonetheless, I think they truly deserved their overwhealming breakthrough from the 80's offering people catchy, competent and well-ctrafted pop-rock-metal tunes played on and on by the MTV.
1003;6;There is perhaps a grain of truth in the notion that half of their audience were teenagers and women and their sucess was soemwhat overrated, as well as that they went big on Jon Bon Jovi's coiffeur and outlook, though...  Nonetheless, I think they truly deserved their overwhealming breakthrough from the 80's offering people catchy, competent and well-ctrafted pop-rock-metal tunes played on and on by the MTV.
1003;7;There is perhaps a grain of truth in the notion that half of their audience were teenagers and women and their sucess was soemwhat overrated, as well as that they went big on Jon Bon Jovi's coiffeur and outlook, though...  Nonetheless, I think they truly deserved their overwhealming breakthrough from the 80's offering people catchy, competent and well-ctrafted pop-rock-metal tunes played on and on by the MTV.
1003;8;John and the Boys wrote and recorded some great ballads, "I'll Be There For You" and "Living In Sin," and created feel-good tunes such as "Bad Medicine."
1003;9;Really fun lyrics and it's good song if we you wanna dance around.
1003;10;It was also the most popular one in Poland at that time, and everyone  that year cuddled and danced to slow, wonderful love ballad "I'll be there for you".
1002;1;Good product, good price, great sale.
1002;2;But everything else is great, check out BAD MAGICK, SICK OF LIFE and VAMPIRES, definetely the best songs on the CD.
1002;3;Good product, good price, great sale.
1002;4;Bone crunching, hard-hitting guitars, pounding bass and drums, killer vocals, believe me, this song definitely has it all.
1002;5;Bone crunching, hard-hitting guitars, pounding bass and drums, killer vocals, believe me, this song definitely has it all.
1002;6;It is surprisingly clean despite its PA sticker, and also a necessity if you want a first step into the world of REAL metal.
1002;7;Bone crunching, hard-hitting guitars, pounding bass and drums, killer vocals, believe me, this song definitely has it all.
1002;8;Better riffs, better lyrics, better everything!
1002;9;Bone crunching, hard-hitting guitars, pounding bass and drums, killer vocals, believe me, this song definitely has it all.
1002;10;I just love the production on here.
1005;1;Bottom line is, buy this and the dvd and just enjoy them both.
1005;2;rattle and hum got many great songs...It's one of my favorites from U2, maybe because before came the magic THE JOSHUA TREE and after comes the magnificient ACHTUNG BABY...RATTLE AND HUM got great live tracks, PRIDE and BULLET THE BLUE SKY are even better live...HAWKMOON, LOVE COMES TO TOWN, SILVER AND GOLD, and GOD PART II are among the best U2 ever done!
1005;3;And the deeper cuts such as "God Part II", the classy "Love Rescue Me", and "Heartland" are all very good.
1005;4;Every type of music is on this record,from the soft ballads,to the hardest rock songs ever.
1005;5;Every type of music is on this record,from the soft ballads,to the hardest rock songs ever.
1005;6;After that there is a beautiful orchestra suite to take us the rest of the way home.
1005;7;The album takes on an American sound to it as the band traveled through the States visiting such places as Harlem, Graceland & Sun Studios.
1005;8;New songs like "Love Rescue Me", "Heartland", "Desire", "Angel of Harlem", and "All I Want Is You" are beautiful and firmly capture the vast expanse of the American landscape, both in terms of lyrics and music.
1005;9;Angel Of Harlem, is fun and upbeat and When Love Comes To Town sees the group team up with the legendary B.B. King.
1005;10;He shares Bono's vocal helm with a beautifully unfolding song of lament for loves both romantic and divine.
1004;1;This album is a find for listeners barely discovering the band's work, some of the songs here that are not widely known are very good such as "Hawkmoon 269" which pounds and grooves up to a great climax.
1004;2;"Bullett the blue sky" live breathes new life into a classic song.
1004;3;This album is a find for listeners barely discovering the band's work, some of the songs here that are not widely known are very good such as "Hawkmoon 269" which pounds and grooves up to a great climax.
1004;4;in which a choir group joins U2 in singing.so in closing  I really recommend this album, it shows U2 before their change in musical  genres and was a step in the right direction
1004;5;in which a choir group joins U2 in singing.so in closing  I really recommend this album, it shows U2 before their change in musical  genres and was a step in the right direction
1004;6;After that there is a beautiful orchestra suite to take us the rest of the way home.
1004;7;Like the album that preceeded it, "The Joshua Tree," "Rattle And Hum" is filled with vibrant colors, memorable images and driving music.
1004;8;New songs like "Love Rescue Me", "Heartland", "Desire", "Angel of Harlem", and "All I Want Is You" are beautiful and firmly capture the vast expanse of the American landscape, both in terms of lyrics and music.
1004;9;Angel Of Harlem, is fun and upbeat and When Love Comes To Town sees the group team up with the legendary B.B. King.
1004;10;He shares Bono's vocal helm with a beautifully unfolding song of lament for loves both romantic and divine.
1007;1;It's older cuts, but Bon Jovi is Bon Jovi (that's a good thing!)
1007;2;This album serves to take the hits, which means that this album is full a lot of their best material, with very little in terms of bad tracks...All the biggest hits from their early career are here (which means its pretty much the best of Bon Jovi even now, lets be honest :P) What is perhaps most impressive is the tracks made for the compilation.
1007;3;I've heard it like 400 times and I still dig it...Lay Your Hands on Me:Sounds a little too much like a christian song but it is still good...You Give Love A Bad Name: This is a really cool song, I like this song too.
1007;4;It is a great and wonderful birthday gift to my loving wife and she love the cd
1007;5;It is a great and wonderful birthday gift to my loving wife and she love the cd
1007;6;The CD hits hard and hits home with the best stuff Bon Jovi and Company have ever made.
1007;7;It's definitely worth buying and it is a lot of fun, whether you're at a party or in your car on your way to work.
1007;8;This album serves to take the hits, which means that this album is full a lot of their best material, with very little in terms of bad tracks...All the biggest hits from their early career are here (which means its pretty much the best of Bon Jovi even now, lets be honest :P) What is perhaps most impressive is the tracks made for the compilation.
1007;9;It's definitely worth buying and it is a lot of fun, whether you're at a party or in your car on your way to work.
1007;10;It is a great and wonderful birthday gift to my loving wife and she love the cd
1006;1;In a way, I was glad to have heard this first, then enjoy the new experience of hearing the songs in their original context.
1006;2;There is a photo montage of early pictures of the band on the inside of the vinyl release, when you open up the gatefold sleeve ... One of the pictures of the band features Justin Hayward with a beard!
1006;3;It's in very good sound, but now that the original CDs have been remastered, the difference is noticeable.
1006;4;There is a photo montage of early pictures of the band on the inside of the vinyl release, when you open up the gatefold sleeve ... One of the pictures of the band features Justin Hayward with a beard!
1006;5;There is a photo montage of early pictures of the band on the inside of the vinyl release, when you open up the gatefold sleeve ... One of the pictures of the band features Justin Hayward with a beard!
1006;6;There is a photo montage of early pictures of the band on the inside of the vinyl release, when you open up the gatefold sleeve ... One of the pictures of the band features Justin Hayward with a beard!
1006;7;There is a photo montage of early pictures of the band on the inside of the vinyl release, when you open up the gatefold sleeve ... One of the pictures of the band features Justin Hayward with a beard!
1006;8;This 2-CD is without a doubt one of the MOODY BLUES greatest recording masterpieces whose brilliant meaningful lyrics will stimulate your intellect and imagination to the highest levels of cognitive thinking about the true spiritual meaning of life and God's preordained purpose for the human race on Earth!
1006;9;There is a photo montage of early pictures of the band on the inside of the vinyl release, when you open up the gatefold sleeve ... One of the pictures of the band features Justin Hayward with a beard!
1006;10;I love this group, always have so the album was perfect for me.
993;1;At least it sounds like he's  having fun).
993;2;Of the remaining songs, the highlight may be Feeling blue, which has a real bluesy feel to it, but there's a lot of other great music here...If you're building a collection of original Creedence Clearwater Revival albums, you definitely need this one.
993;3;"Down On The Corner" is an upbeat, good time jam that opens up the album.
993;4;If you are a CCR fan, then you already know this is one of their finest albums.
993;5;Today I thought of this song without seeing it until I felt like this is as important as the books I read.
993;6;The group keeps their down home roots in tact with the undisputed classic `Down on the Corner' which pays homage to music and good times, with Fogerty's references to the individual members of CCR, using the nicknames "Rooster," "Poorboy" and "Blinky."
993;7;"Fortunate Son" is the most powerful of these songs and with its driving drumbeat and ringing guitars it is a damning condemnation of The Vietnam War.
993;8;This is classic Creedence Clearwater Revival:driving rock and  thought-provoking lyrics.
993;9;At least it sounds like he's  having fun).
993;10;This album is timeless and is a must for anyone who claims to love great Rock And Roll.
992;1;Always good music from the Temps.
992;2;Always good music from the Temps.
992;3;Always good music from the Temps.
992;4;Always good music from the Temps.
992;5;Always good music from the Temps.
992;6;One thing I find some what impressive is the music has a clean sound no noise due to age of the tracks.
992;7;My friends mother just loves the old Motown music w right in Detroit.while driving to and from work.
992;8;Always good music from the Temps.
992;9;Lots of Fun singing and danceing
992;10;I love this CD, because it's the original Temptations.
995;1;Very good variety of tracks and tempos, like the old Metal bands style, but with their own signature.
995;2;And I have to comment on the drums.
995;3;Very good variety of tracks and tempos, like the old Metal bands style, but with their own signature.
995;4;And I have to comment on the drums.
995;5;And I have to comment on the drums.
995;6;The vinyl format is very nicely produced, clean, quiet, and clear.
995;7;And I have to comment on the drums.
995;8;And I have to comment on the drums.
995;9;Jay is fun to watch too.
995;10;So if you loved the earlier Rival Sons albums,  you need this as well.
994;1;Enjoy this and great condition.
994;2;Travis Tritt was an awesome and successful country artist--the fully-rounded, guitar-playing, song-writing kind...Whether you want take-no-prisoners attitude, a bigger-than-life country sad song, or just some heel-kickin' fun, Travis delivers!
994;3;Recently saw him in Wendover, and he is as good as ever!
994;4;It was a gift to someone who asked for it.
994;5;It was a gift to someone who asked for it.
994;6;It was a gift to someone who asked for it.
994;7;It was a gift to someone who asked for it.
994;8;Yes, you DO need to learn the lyrics!
994;9;Travis Tritt was an awesome and successful country artist--the fully-rounded, guitar-playing, song-writing kind...Whether you want take-no-prisoners attitude, a bigger-than-life country sad song, or just some heel-kickin' fun, Travis delivers!
994;10;I have always loved Travis, so a collection of his best hits, you cannot go wrong with,.
997;1;A good collection of prog rock both past and present should included this CD.
997;2;Bitter Suite is also a brilliant song, divided in 3 magnificent parts: a first one very personal (Brief Encounter), a second one with very strong lyrics (Lost Weekend), and a third one simply perfect (Blue Angel).
997;3;A good collection of prog rock both past and present should included this CD.
997;4;The remastered edition of this and all the other Marillion records from this era is simply beautifully done.
997;5;well, it seems that some people have not read my member page.
997;6;It is great to listen to while walking, cleaning house or driving the car.
997;7;It is great to listen to while walking, cleaning house or driving the car.
997;8;With Fish's lyrics / emotion / honesty / from the heart approach (and it appears leadership and direction) combined with the bands incredible sense of musical accompaniment  Marillion have produced a classic that to this day has new listeners saying... "Wow, who is that, it's brilliant!"
997;9;I ordered it for fun and I can't believe how great it still is to listen to.
997;10;The album delves into the topics of the lost childhood, the loss of innocence and love, which are developed in a magnificent way, complemented with the band's top notch performance and Fish as the man who conceived this fantastic piece of work.
996;1;Final Destination is the second and while good, isn't memorable enough.
996;2;Final Destination is the second and while good, isn't memorable enough.
996;3;Final Destination is the second and while good, isn't memorable enough.
996;4;Final Destination is the second and while good, isn't memorable enough.
996;5;This album finds a more refined, focused and commercially viable piece of work from Within Temptation.
996;6;The crashing intro would also be right at home on a movie sound track.
996;7;Final Destination is the second and while good, isn't memorable enough.
996;8;This album has it all: drama, emotion, hardcore rock-out songs, moving power ballads, captivating lyrics, catchy rocks songs with just enough dark edge (and pop-like hooks) to ensnare new fans while pleasing old ones...Where do I start with THOE?
996;9;This band is really fun to listen to.
996;10;It should be noted that I'm new to Within Temptation--this being my first CD by them--so with that in mind, I love this CD.
999;1;Great collection for those who enjoy his music
999;2;The CD sounds great, not a bad song on it.
999;3;The CD sounds great, not a bad song on it.
999;4;The CD sounds great, not a bad song on it.
999;5;One of  the songs is mentioned in a book that I was reading at the time so I found it on line and really enjoyed it.
999;6;The CD sounds great, not a bad song on it.
999;7;Great for long drives or romantic evenings.
999;8;The CD sounds great, not a bad song on it.
999;9;The CD sounds great, not a bad song on it.
999;10;Bought it as a gift for a special man who shares my love of Morrision and he is very happy with it!
998;1;As good as I remember!
998;2;The sonic surfaces are stylishly sad, but it's infectious at the same time.
998;3;As good as I remember!
998;4;By this time I'm in tears.
998;5;well, it seems that some people have not read my member page.
998;6;It is great to listen to while walking, cleaning house or driving the car.
998;7;It is great to listen to while walking, cleaning house or driving the car.
998;8;With Fish's lyrics / emotion / honesty / from the heart approach (and it appears leadership and direction) combined with the bands incredible sense of musical accompaniment  Marillion have produced a classic that to this day has new listeners saying... "Wow, who is that, it's brilliant!"
998;9;I ordered it for fun and I can't believe how great it still is to listen to.
998;10;The album delves into the topics of the lost childhood, the loss of innocence and love, which are developed in a magnificent way, complemented with the band's top notch performance and Fish as the man who conceived this fantastic piece of work.
986;1;This album is for every fan to enjoy during the Holidays.
986;2;This album is for every fan to enjoy during the Holidays.
986;3;Probably pressure from her record company, but for whatever reason, it's a pretty good one.
986;4;This album is for every fan to enjoy during the Holidays.
986;5;This album is for every fan to enjoy during the Holidays.
986;6;(Just listen to "A Christmas Love Song" and "I'll Be Home For Christmas," especially).
986;7;This album is for every fan to enjoy during the Holidays.
986;8;If a song has ever outlived its usefulness, it's the monotonous, dim-witted "Jingle Bells," which is about winter, not Christmas, but the legendary diva turns the overheard ditty into something delightfully daffy as she toys with the lyrics and speeds up the melody.
986;9;It's abbreviated but oh well, it's fun.
986;10;I love the jazzy rendition of Jingle Bells and My Favorite Things.
987;1;He's at his most creative here on this: Steel Re-Invented - the final PanterA release...His tone here is all Thunder & Sludge (hey that would be a good name for a Ben & Jerry's PanterA ice cream)...Rex is right there alongside the wizard Dime on the solo sections of "Avoid The Light!"
987;2;It has gotten it's fair share of bad reviews but the fact is that the production and strength of these songs are amazing.
987;3;He's at his most creative here on this: Steel Re-Invented - the final PanterA release...His tone here is all Thunder & Sludge (hey that would be a good name for a Ben & Jerry's PanterA ice cream)...Rex is right there alongside the wizard Dime on the solo sections of "Avoid The Light!"
987;4;dime and phi was the best.
987;5;Phil as always is on point with dark lyrics and really really personal stuff,read the lyrics.
987;6;dime and phi was the best.
987;7;Seriously brutal bass driven songs,such technicality and groove.
987;8;Phil as always is on point with dark lyrics and really really personal stuff,read the lyrics.
987;9;Even though the band would go in different directions after this, they sound like they are having fun with the electricity that flows in each of these songs...When I said the band have fused their styles of past albums together I'll elaborate:.
987;10;I'm not a huge metal fan, but I do love some of the great metal artists like Sepultura, Meshuggah, and a couple of the others.
984;1;Thanks for the good service
984;2;He listens to it in his truck all the time.
984;3;Thanks for the good service
984;4;He listens to it in his truck all the time.
984;5;He listens to it in his truck all the time.
984;6;It brings back such good memories of home and family from my youth.
984;7;Great listening a great story teller voice like no other another I listened to while driving a truck cross country.
984;8;He listens to it in his truck all the time.
984;9;He listens to it in his truck all the time.
984;10;I love the free auto rip to my computer.
985;1;The expression of emotion, besides or other than  rage, but expressed in such a precision execution with perfectly formed notes and white spaces - and cleverness in not just playing riffs.
985;2;Great new cd from a legendary guitar player.
985;3;Well recorded, this is a good intro for someone wanting to sample the waters.
985;4;Great new cd from a legendary guitar player.
985;5;Great new cd from a legendary guitar player.
985;6;Great new cd from a legendary guitar player.
985;7;Great new cd from a legendary guitar player.
985;8;The expression of emotion, besides or other than  rage, but expressed in such a precision execution with perfectly formed notes and white spaces - and cleverness in not just playing riffs.
985;9;Jeff sounds as super as ever, the rhythm section is outstanding, the set list is fun, and Jimmy Hall (the singer from Wet Willie) is phenomenal.
985;10;I love the new tract Tribal.
990;1;I really enjoy these "American Songbook" type of albums, it lets us see an artist in a new light.
990;2;Carly sings a group of true standards.
990;3;A pure delight...The title cut is wonderful, "How Long Has this Been Going On" is a treasure, and "The More I See You" is as good as anything she has EVER done.
990;4;Carly sings a group of true standards.
990;5;Unlike the melancholic "Film Noir", "Moonlight Serenade" focuses solely on romance, in all it's splendor...Highlights include the lush title track, the hyponotic "Alone Together" which utilizes a drum machine, which works quite well for what they were going for.
990;6;The DVD is presented in conversation style--some scenes from Carly's home and some from the various studios ...it is very well edited.
990;7;Carly sings a group of true standards.
990;8;Her high tones are a little weaker but well crafted, her low tones have grown richer and more colorful, her expression and emotion in every phrase are as high as ever.
990;9;Where or When is a perfect song to slow dance to with someone you love.
990;10;SMILE "Alone Together" is an especially touching song
991;1;Always enjoy listening to Steel Panther, great musicians and good melodies, just get past the lyrics and you will love this music , great gimmick too, Russ has been one of my favorite guitarists since Fight came out, can't say enough about these guys, funny at the same time smoking musicians!
991;2;There are just so many levels of genius at work with this 11-song masterpiece that the written word will never do it justice.
991;3;To say the least these songs Go way over the line with some of the most ridiculous offensive lyrics ever, and it's extremely well done and the result is the most hilarious parody album I've ever listened to...Not only are the lyrics completely hilarious and very accurately done parodies of 80's glam metal the musicianship is also very good which makes this album more than a one listen gimmic.
991;4;There are just so many levels of genius at work with this 11-song masterpiece that the written word will never do it justice.
991;5;There are just so many levels of genius at work with this 11-song masterpiece that the written word will never do it justice.
991;6;There are just so many levels of genius at work with this 11-song masterpiece that the written word will never do it justice.
991;7;There are just so many levels of genius at work with this 11-song masterpiece that the written word will never do it justice.
991;8;To say the least these songs Go way over the line with some of the most ridiculous offensive lyrics ever, and it's extremely well done and the result is the most hilarious parody album I've ever listened to...Not only are the lyrics completely hilarious and very accurately done parodies of 80's glam metal the musicianship is also very good which makes this album more than a one listen gimmic.
991;9;The rest of the band, particularly the guitarist who slings great riffs and amazing solos throughout the album are also very talented...This album is some completely non-serious glam metal fun and its hilariously offensive and crude.
991;10;If your into hair metal you will love and understand what this band is all about.
988;1;For me, this particular recording is outstanding because the music is moving, thought provoking, fun, spiritual, soothing, sad, happy, and a host of other emotions depending on where your head is at...I have to rank this CD right up there which the very best of the music I own.
988;2;I bought the first Poe album right out of the blue, not having ever heard any songs or even of her ever before, and I was pleasantly surprised.
988;3;In fact, the use of his voice enhances the mood of the album and turns what could have been a general collection of good songs into a very personal and immensely satisfying album.
988;4;At last, Annie Danielewski has created something with more profundity than imagined, and the name Poe stands out with more dignity and facility upon its decree.
988;5;Utilizing a Pro Tools digital audio workstation, she and Romo compiled and pieced together the album that would finally meet her creative ethics and aspirations, an album she says is "something I've wanted to make for as long as I can remember
988;6;She has such a beautiful use of the English language and her lyrics can feel like a sucker punch to the gut because they hit home so effectively, without apology...This album, over the eight years I've owned it, has been a mainstay in my spiritual journey to come to terms with my own family.
988;7;Electronic music, trip hop, and almost industrial tendencies creep in sometimes and it's amazing how Poe arranges everything to fit so well...Amidst all the darkness, the lyrics often also long for happiness, hope, and peace of mind.
988;8;For me, this particular recording is outstanding because the music is moving, thought provoking, fun, spiritual, soothing, sad, happy, and a host of other emotions depending on where your head is at...I have to rank this CD right up there which the very best of the music I own.
988;9;Each song has a unique style
988;10;There is also the apparent theme of surviving the loss of a loved one, her prolonged discovery of the man her father was, confronting her deepest fears and finding the ultimate resolution to the chaos of her mind.
989;1;Very good that's what music should sound be like rock.
989;2;If your fan of rock, there is not a bad song in this collection, front to back, every song is great!
989;3;Very good that's what music should sound be like rock.
989;4;This CD is great...When Chickenfoot arrived in 2009 with the excellent dayview cd and the "Get Your Buzz On Live" DVD/Blu-ray, they got noticed by rock music fans...The question with all sophomore CDs is will it be equal or better than the first?
989;5;I seriously laugh when I read some of the reviews criticizing Hagar's religious/political lyrics.
989;6;The first album was a great rock album, but with III they Foot has hit a home run!
989;7;While I am not ready to say it due to the limited plays so far (the first was on my car on heavy rotation for a long, long time), this new CD sounds promising.
989;8;I know many will gripe about the lyrics but they are true.
989;9;Hagar's voice is still excellent and he still writes a decent melody unlike 'mumble with rocks in his mouth-Roth'...Anyway, Bigfoot is awesome, Alright alright, Dubai Blues is cool, Lighten Up, Up next, there is just some well written catchy music being played here by guys that are having fun together and it sounds like it.
989;10;LOve Sammy  and this band.
978;1;Yes, this CD does try to cover a lot of ground
978;2;Sinatra's The very good years has many of the great songs recorded by Ol' blue eyes.
978;3;Yes, this CD does try to cover a lot of ground
978;4;I like it because almost all of the songs are familiar, they sound great, and this should be part of anyone's collection.
978;5;I like it because almost all of the songs are familiar, they sound great, and this should be part of anyone's collection.
978;6;It gives you the feeling of coming home after a long trip and is a pleasure to listen to!
978;7;It gives you the feeling of coming home after a long trip and is a pleasure to listen to!
978;8;The song itself, music and lyrics, is fantastic, and Frank's delivery seals the deal...I don't consider myself a big Sinatra fan, but I will listen to this album anytime.
978;9;But this was my first Sinatra album and probably the most fun to listen to because you can't help but sing along to these well known tunes.
978;10;I am in love with this CD
979;1;What else can I say about this band except they were great, with the wordplay and fantastic instrumental usage as well...Listening to alot of great stuff from around that time and beyond, they are definately up there on the list...From "Is it really so strange" to "Asleep", even enjoy that gem "Golden Lights", little different from the rest of these classics...The Smiths...Great!
979;2;"Rubber Ring" is the most unique song in the Smiths' catalogue and maybe in all of pop music... it's a song about growing out of sad music.
979;3;God, all of this sounds absolutely ridiculous, but hey, the Smiths are really that good!
979;4;Morrissey's croon is nearly overwhelmingly powerful and beautiful, and his lyrics complement his voice perfectly.
979;5;It's fun to read reviewers in hushed tones and aging skin describe the depth of their souls touched by this album.
979;6;Morrissey's croon is nearly overwhelmingly powerful and beautiful, and his lyrics complement his voice perfectly.
979;7;Morrissey's croon is nearly overwhelmingly powerful and beautiful, and his lyrics complement his voice perfectly.
979;8;Morrissey's croon is nearly overwhelmingly powerful and beautiful, and his lyrics complement his voice perfectly.
979;9;What an original sound...great party music.
979;10;"Hand in Glove" is of course one of the top 5 Smiths tracks and it being followed by "Stretch out and Wait" provides the listener with the pathos needed to appreciate the former song...Yes I love this album, it has all of the essential ingredients for a great album.
976;1;He a good looking young man.
976;2;There's a nice mix of fun, sad and love songs to make this the perfect country "Best of" CD.
976;3;He a good looking young man.
976;4;I chose this rating because I do like this guy and I liked him singing with Shania.
976;5;I chose this rating because I do like this guy and I liked him singing with Shania.
976;6;I chose this rating because I do like this guy and I liked him singing with Shania.
976;7;I chose this rating because I do like this guy and I liked him singing with Shania.
976;8;There's a nice mix of fun, sad and love songs to make this the perfect country "Best of" CD.
976;9;There's a nice mix of fun, sad and love songs to make this the perfect country "Best of" CD.
976;10;My girlfriend loves this cd also.
977;1;One two tracks, all three guys play saxophone, calling themselves the lone wolf horns
977;2;The  tracks are amazing, HiFi Mama just flat out rocks, Fool for your Stockings  is electric blues at its best, and I'm Bad, I'm Nationwide might be the  best song ZZ Top ever wrote.
977;3;The  tracks are amazing, HiFi Mama just flat out rocks, Fool for your Stockings  is electric blues at its best, and I'm Bad, I'm Nationwide might be the  best song ZZ Top ever wrote.
977;4;Deguello is one of the most important rock albums released in the  20th century.
977;5;Deguello is one of the most important rock albums released in the  20th century.
977;6;Deguello is one of the most important rock albums released in the  20th century.
977;7;This was the last of their blues driven rock and I can still put this one on today and play it over and over again.
977;8;The  tracks are amazing, HiFi Mama just flat out rocks, Fool for your Stockings  is electric blues at its best, and I'm Bad, I'm Nationwide might be the  best song ZZ Top ever wrote.
977;9;"Lowdown in the Street" and "Hi-Fi Mama" are a couple more fun rockers.
977;10;Deguello has a bit of everything and captures the best of everything from the mid-tempo opener "I Thank You" and up-tempo, guitar-driven "She Loves My Automobile" to the classic '79 hit "Cheap Sunglasses".
982;1;If you enjoy the Moody Blues and good story telling and a great score then check this out.
982;2;If you enjoy the Moody Blues and good story telling and a great score then check this out.
982;3;If you enjoy the Moody Blues and good story telling and a great score then check this out.
982;4;If you enjoy the Moody Blues and good story telling and a great score then check this out.
982;5;(But *your* kids and grandkids just made J. K. Rowling rich because they read her books -- give 'em the album and a paperback of HG's novel.
982;6;This is an amazing album, I bought this one to keep in my car, while the other one I own stays safely in the house.
982;7;It was like a trip down memory lane, excellent characters and catchy songs that stick with you forever.
982;8;The Journalist is Richard Burton, who does a great job, and the two CDs come with a tiny booklet which holds both the lyrics and the script.
982;9;But ALL parties involved here make this work a true classic.
982;10;"Forever Autumn" certainly stands on its own well enough--it certainly doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that he's singing to an absent (possibly deceased) loved one through painful memories and aching loneliness...Put into the context of The War of the Worlds, however, gives the song a whole new depth.
983;1;Furthermore, as good as the music on Sandinista is, it is the compelling atmosphere of the songs that is its crowning achievement, even its genius.
983;2;And seeing how it's really not that bad of a song to begin with, I actually like having the dub right next to the original version...The second half of disc two gets even more wildly experimental -- and I will admit it's the part I listen to the least.
983;3;Furthermore, as good as the music on Sandinista is, it is the compelling atmosphere of the songs that is its crowning achievement, even its genius.
983;4;Sandinista has its share of power workouts too, including the vibe-laden "Hitsville U.K.," in which Mick Jones's girlfriend Ellen Foley joins him to create a single-voice-effect harmony, as well as "Ivan Meets G.I. Joe," with its neat video game/space battle background, and "The Sound of the Sinners," with its zippy acoustic guitar and great sarcasm.
983;5;It's focused, and extremely experimental, and is without a doubt a masterpiece that no one knows about.
983;6;This was the album that introduced me to politics on a global scale, with the meanings of songs like "Ivan Meets G.I. Joe", "The Call Up" and "Washington Bullets" hammering their messages home with repeat listenings that my somewhat conservative parents found both alarming and provocative at the same time.
983;7;While the 2 disc trip is many times WAY too long, and i tend to skip some songs, SANDINISTA got plenty of songs to be another masterpiece from the legendary THE CLASH!!!!!
983;8;Don't forget the lyrics:  the at once melodramatic and mournful "One More Time" is a highly evocative, reggae-style demand for ghetto justice, and "Something About England" should be listened to carefully.
983;9;You are just experiencing an extremely talented band having fun.
983;10;Get to know and  love this record.
980;1;very good voice and sound recording.
980;2;Lots of his great oldies.
980;3;very good voice and sound recording.
980;4;Lots of his great oldies.
980;5;Lots of his great oldies.
980;6;Lots of his great oldies.
980;7;Lots of his great oldies.
980;8;Vern's rich, mellow voice is quite well suited to the lyrics.
980;9;Lots of his great oldies.
980;10;My mom is going to love this surprise!!
981;1;I was afraid that my good friend Derek might not be able to enjoy the delicious music on offer here for instance, due to the colourful language.
981;2;-"Not Enough"), overplayed R&B songs ("Cheatin'"), their humble beginings ("The Becoming"), and more notably, the pain of growing up without dad on the melancholy "All For You" (out of every song on this album, this hit me the hardest since my father passed not too long ago).
981;3;Big Brother keep up the good work the dope beats, intelligent lyrics and just beutiful music period in any genre.
981;4;Put your opinion down, and keep it moving.
981;5;The CD is truly entertaining and has a great focus point to it.
981;6;Scattered between the acts are hilarious skits that drive home the Minstrel Show's running theme.
981;7;Scattered between the acts are hilarious skits that drive home the Minstrel Show's running theme.
981;8;Big Brother keep up the good work the dope beats, intelligent lyrics and just beutiful music period in any genre.
981;9;Beyond that, this album has some very good dance cuts on it, never underestimate 9th Wonder's produce-abilities.
981;10;These cats are ambassadors to an era that celebrated honesty, humor and politics in their music, and while the industry caters more to guns and drugs in this day and age I know that if you loved the Native Tongues back in the day you're going to pop this in and sigh and breath of relief.
971;1;This is just way too fun-- razor sharp, superb quality- the boys looks great after all of these years and although you figure they have played all of these songs thousands of times each in the last 4 decades....they still seem to enjoy the music and each other
971;2;The lighting scheme is often a cool blue (like the DVD cover), which generally seems to fit well with the mood of the performance.
971;3;I have a 65" big screen, so if the video isn't absolutely crystal clear, it usually shows up looking faded and lifeless...zz TOP live in Texas, with just a few exceptions, has good audio production standards and a great mix coming out of the 5.1 or DTS decoders.
971;4;Video and sound is excellent.
971;5;Video and sound is excellent.
971;6;The back wall appears to be clean and plain, but is deceptively complex...The seventeen songs preformed, span the band's history.
971;7;Video and sound is excellent.
971;8;Video and sound is excellent.
971;9;This video shows how much fun these guys have while performing live.
971;10;Any ZZ fan will love this.
970;1;In the meantime, do as I did for years and enjoy this delightful soundtrack.
970;2;Vangelis has released many fascinating albums over the years but in many ways he has never topped this unique electronic score for Ridley Scott's Blade Runner.
970;3;Now here is the real challenge for collectors - Thanks to my very good friend Chris (Thank you, a hundred times thank you!)
970;4;About 5 minutes into side one, track one of this LP, my system got the workout of its life in the deep bass region.
970;5;The album is great to listen to anytime anywhere...I have a funny feeling that anyone who has read this far into my review probably already owns the album, but if you don't, you should purchase it immediately (it's pretty cheap here at amazon.com, too).
970;6;Listening made me want to go to Vangelis' home and demand that he continue writing music for quality pictures such as Blade Runner, we sure do miss him.
970;7;The soundtrack to Ridley Scott's second major motion picture (following "Alien"), "Bladerunner" is an excellent complement to a stressful drive to have on the CD player.
970;8;Vangelis has released many fascinating albums over the years but in many ways he has never topped this unique electronic score for Ridley Scott's Blade Runner.
970;9;My favorite soundtrack along with Dances With Wolves.
970;10;Blush Response-I love the dialog.
969;1;motley crue,s greatest hits is a rerelease of their 1998 greatest hits package.on this new version crue,s material of this current decade is also included.this is a pretty good starting point for some one new to motley crue,most of their best material is on here such as
969;2;motley crue,s greatest hits is a rerelease of their 1998 greatest hits package.on this new version crue,s material of this current decade is also included.this is a pretty good starting point for some one new to motley crue,most of their best material is on here such as
969;3;motley crue,s greatest hits is a rerelease of their 1998 greatest hits package.on this new version crue,s material of this current decade is also included.this is a pretty good starting point for some one new to motley crue,most of their best material is on here such as
969;4;motley crue,s greatest hits is a rerelease of their 1998 greatest hits package.on this new version crue,s material of this current decade is also included.this is a pretty good starting point for some one new to motley crue,most of their best material is on here such as
969;5;motley crue,s greatest hits is a rerelease of their 1998 greatest hits package.on this new version crue,s material of this current decade is also included.this is a pretty good starting point for some one new to motley crue,most of their best material is on here such as
969;6;Really good CD got all my fav songs dr feelgood girls girls wild to young to fall in love home sweet home take it from I'm 16 and 80's rock n" roll is best luv the CD great compilation
969;7;Crank it up in the car!
969;8;"Kick Start My Heart" has some cool lyrics that are fun to listen to.
969;9;"Kick Start My Heart" has some cool lyrics that are fun to listen to.
969;10;motley crue,s greatest hits is a rerelease of their 1998 greatest hits package.on this new version crue,s material of this current decade is also included.this is a pretty good starting point for some one new to motley crue,most of their best material is on here such as
968;1;Put on a good pair of headphones sit back relax with a joint or beer and enjoy The Doors live in Pittsburgh.
968;2;You gotta love the Doors.
968;3;Put on a good pair of headphones sit back relax with a joint or beer and enjoy The Doors live in Pittsburgh.
968;4;You gotta love the Doors.
968;5;You gotta love the Doors.
968;6;You gotta love the Doors.
968;7;You gotta love the Doors.
968;8;You gotta love the Doors.
968;9;His voice isn't what it always was, but this is a 1970 show, so that's sort of the deal for any regular listener...They are also having a great deal of fun, even making humorous light of the Miami incident when Morrison introduces Manzarek for a blues/organ version of "Close To You".
968;10;You gotta love the Doors.
975;1;The "Solo Collection" is not only a very good "Best of" album, it also includes some very clever choices from the (only) four Frey albums which have been available to date plus four brand-new tracks.
975;2;This is some of Mr. Frey's best music!
975;3;The "Solo Collection" is not only a very good "Best of" album, it also includes some very clever choices from the (only) four Frey albums which have been available to date plus four brand-new tracks.
975;4;This is some of Mr. Frey's best music!
975;5;This is some of Mr. Frey's best music!
975;6;Great music to enjoy while cruising on an open road at high speeds or even while dancing with your vacuum while cleaning at home
975;7;This is some of Mr. Frey's best music!
975;8;Having said that, this is a nice collection that is superior to the other release that covers some of the same materal...Lyrics are included in the package.
975;9;Great music to enjoy while cruising on an open road at high speeds or even while dancing with your vacuum while cleaning at home
975;10;I love this CD, it is Glenn Frey's best songs.
974;1;I've been listening to it since I bought my first copy, and that was when it was a new release, and I still enjoy it and am moved by it every time.
974;2;It sounds as startlingly "present" and pertinent now as it did then, approaching the ideal of timeless classic.
974;3;A good example is between 1:30 and 2:00 on part 1...It doesn't get better than this, folks.
974;4;It sounds as startlingly "present" and pertinent now as it did then, approaching the ideal of timeless classic.
974;5;I've read most of the reviews about the Koln concert and basically you could sum all of them into three type of reviews: Those who loved it because it made them feel good without intellectual complications, those who feel the album is overated and shadows Keith's other superior outings, and finally those who defend intellectually the greatness of Koln from the intellectual nitpickers...Keith's comments on this album have tempted the masses to react with intelectual prejudice to this album.
974;6;It sounds as startlingly "present" and pertinent now as it did then, approaching the ideal of timeless classic.
974;7;It sounds as startlingly "present" and pertinent now as it did then, approaching the ideal of timeless classic.
974;8;Jarrett's performance conjures up emotion, drama and, above all, a fascinating beauty.
974;9;It sounds as startlingly "present" and pertinent now as it did then, approaching the ideal of timeless classic.
974;10;Like many others, I love this recording, and as a pianist myself, I also appreciate Keith Jarrett's technique and skill
973;1;But to me it's just fun pop from the happy year of 1966 and the lyrics were more interesting than any by the Buddah bubblegum groups.
973;2;"Hooray For Hazel" is actually a song I haven't heard too many times before
973;3;"Hooray For Hazel" is actually a song I haven't heard too many times before
973;4;"Hooray For Hazel" is actually a song I haven't heard too many times before
973;5;"Hooray For Hazel" is actually a song I haven't heard too many times before
973;6;"Hooray For Hazel" is actually a song I haven't heard too many times before
973;7;Sheila, with its driving rhythm and Buddy Holly style vocal is a good example.
973;8;Lastly, the lyrics are quite clever (and in not in an ironic way, which has gotten pretty tiresome,imo)  as well as something of a time capsule of early sixties pop culture.
973;9;But to me it's just fun pop from the happy year of 1966 and the lyrics were more interesting than any by the Buddah bubblegum groups.
973;10;I love listening to all the old songs.
972;1;Every track on this album takes it's listener through a story of a man's emotions, there are admittedly tracks that will make you sad, happy, have mixed emotions and anything in between.
972;2;Every track on this album takes it's listener through a story of a man's emotions, there are admittedly tracks that will make you sad, happy, have mixed emotions and anything in between.
972;3;I absolutely LOVE it....every song is good.
972;4;Another incredible album by Thirty Seconds to Mars.
972;5;This is 30 Seconds To Mars most focused, solid, epic and emotive album they have released.
972;6;Another incredible album by Thirty Seconds to Mars.
972;7;Another incredible album by Thirty Seconds to Mars.
972;8;Every track on this album takes it's listener through a story of a man's emotions, there are admittedly tracks that will make you sad, happy, have mixed emotions and anything in between.
972;9;"This is War" (Deluxe Edition) is an extremely fun and exciting cd to listen to.
972;10;Very creativity... i really love these songs... 30STM is after all, my favorite band ...
963;1;I saw Mr. Rock and Bob Seger last week and it was fantastic...picked up Rebel Soul at the show and it is really good.
963;2;gotta add bocephus and his new sh it.
963;3;Kid Rock manages to balance the blues, rock and country and turn out hits like Chickens in the Pen (really good song!)
963;4;gotta add bocephus and his new sh it.
963;5;gotta add bocephus and his new sh it.
963;6;gotta add bocephus and his new sh it.
963;7;This is the kind of CD you should listen to on a road trip.
963;8;gotta add bocephus and his new sh it.
963;9;The songs are great and fun.
963;10;Nonetheless I love Kid Rock and I really like this cd if for no other reason it's Kid Rock "rocking out" and nobody does this quite as well as he does.
962;1;If you enjoy the movies and want a good exciting CD
962;2;The music is really sad but beautiful!
962;3;If you enjoy the movies and want a good exciting CD
962;4;The energy is high throughout, so I sometimes use it as a workout album.
962;5;It is clear and the music takes you all over great to study to.
962;6;Love the music score and the sound quality on this recording is fantastic.
962;7;I liked the movie and treat my car more like a pirate ship anyway, so this soundtrack was perfect for that.
962;8;The music is really sad but beautiful!
962;9;It's big, it's loud, and 110% of absolute fun and joy.
962;10;Love the music score and the sound quality on this recording is fantastic.
961;1;As a young kid in the 70s, I heard many of these songs on WABC-AM and have enjoyed them on oldies, classic rock, and classic hits radio stations.
961;2;I recommend this album
961;3;I recommend this album
961;4;As a young kid in the 70s, I heard many of these songs on WABC-AM and have enjoyed them on oldies, classic rock, and classic hits radio stations.
961;5;As a young kid in the 70s, I heard many of these songs on WABC-AM and have enjoyed them on oldies, classic rock, and classic hits radio stations.
961;6;As a young kid in the 70s, I heard many of these songs on WABC-AM and have enjoyed them on oldies, classic rock, and classic hits radio stations.
961;7;As a young kid in the 70s, I heard many of these songs on WABC-AM and have enjoyed them on oldies, classic rock, and classic hits radio stations.
961;8;I recommend this album
961;9;As a young kid in the 70s, I heard many of these songs on WABC-AM and have enjoyed them on oldies, classic rock, and classic hits radio stations.
961;10;Formed out of the ashes of It's A Beautiful Day and Stoneground, this band continued to act on the liberal socio-political philosophies of their predecessors, yet their songs are mostly about love and a laid-back lifestyle.
960;1;54 minutes never felt so good!
960;2;Excellent melodies, lyrics, and flow, with a conceptual thread of the joys and pains of summer...  Stipe's singing is in top form, and the arrangements are interesting yet not (usually) intrusive.
960;3;its a good cd ...  its different thats why  it always gets  bad reviews
960;4;54 minutes never felt so good!
960;5;Just to read some of them on this album is mind-boggling.
960;6;"She Just Wants To Be" would have sounded at home on a mid-80's REM release, and "All the Way to Reno" is destined to become an REM classic.
960;7;"All the Way to Reno (You're Going to be a Star)" is a wonderful traveling song, filled with the familiar twangy guitar of Peter Buck that was found so often on R.E.M.'s second album, Reckoning.
960;8;Most of his lyrics are sad redeeming songs but there is some joy on here too - Immitation of Life - being the big one here.
960;9;I was just having fun with the headline.
960;10;Already I love 6 tracks and that's just after a day!
967;1;I felt like I wqas part of the songs like with a good movie or book.
967;2;Levon sings them all with great feeling: I can tell he throws himself into his music and it makes everything moving and emotional...Levon Helm fans will be sad as I am
967;3;I felt like I wqas part of the songs like with a good movie or book.
967;4;I told friends of mine about it.
967;5;I told friends of mine about it.
967;6;I've always loved Levon Helm, not least because he is from my home state of Arkansas.
967;7;I told friends of mine about it.
967;8;Levon sings them all with great feeling: I can tell he throws himself into his music and it makes everything moving and emotional...Levon Helm fans will be sad as I am
967;9;I told friends of mine about it.
967;10;cannot say enough about how wonderful the last ten years of levon helm's life the music was...amazing...i loved the band.
966;1;"True Love Tends to Forget" has a fantastic chorus, oddly beautiful verse melody but of course, once again, the female vocals ruin a fun time by the way they frequently sing the "true love" line with Dylan.
966;2;I love this album and  don't think there's a bad track on it.
966;3;I love this album and  don't think there's a bad track on it.
966;4;Dylan fan so what more can I say.
966;5;The opening track, "Changing of the Guards," awash with compelling imagery, may be read on a number of levels.
966;6;Dylan fan so what more can I say.
966;7;Dylan fan so what more can I say.
966;8;Damn  -I  bought my copy of Desire in London and it had a great booklet of lyrics  etc.
966;9;While one sits and appreciates the solo shows, one has a lot more fun when there's a rocking band behind them.
966;10;I love this album and  don't think there's a bad track on it.
965;1;I knew "Sunset Blvd" would sound good live and I think Boney knew this too and he did a great job with this song last week in Charlotte.
965;2;It is a great mix of smooth jazz with a dash of other styles.
965;3;I knew "Sunset Blvd" would sound good live and I think Boney knew this too and he did a great job with this song last week in Charlotte.
965;4;It is a great mix of smooth jazz with a dash of other styles.
965;5;It is a great mix of smooth jazz with a dash of other styles.
965;6;It is a great mix of smooth jazz with a dash of other styles.
965;7;It is a great mix of smooth jazz with a dash of other styles.
965;8;It is a great mix of smooth jazz with a dash of other styles.
965;9;What more can be said about Boney James
965;10;I really love this cd.
964;1;And there's a lot of cool music built around it
964;2;Those values are still valid today, still worth having and still worth striving for.
964;3;It's a classic, and a nice, calm, relaxing love song...Also here are 'Starship,' which is a seven minute science fiction rock epic, and 'X-M,' another cool song that's a great one...The musicianship here is incredible, as is the cover art.
964;4;Those values are still valid today, still worth having and still worth striving for.
964;5;Reproducing the original booklet is a nice plus although at my age and with glasses it is a little hard to read.
964;6;It sounds great and clean but I cannot comment on the technical quality of this CD's tracks as compared to the previous releases or to the original album (which I played so often the grooves were stripped).
964;7;Take a band of hippies from San Francisco's Golden Gate Park and plant the idea that they can leave all the straight laced crap behind - all they have to do is Hijack a Starship, travel 30,000 light years from earth, live, love, get high, and party - it'll all be okay.
964;8;So thanks again and with either lyrics this is one great album and always has been.
964;9;Take a band of hippies from San Francisco's Golden Gate Park and plant the idea that they can leave all the straight laced crap behind - all they have to do is Hijack a Starship, travel 30,000 light years from earth, live, love, get high, and party - it'll all be okay.
964;10;There were stories that this Paul Kantner opus was awarded a special Hugo Award, and would love if anyone could verify that.
1100;1;All is good and I'm happy enough with this amazing music.
1100;2;"Other People's Lives", "Too Bad You're So Beautiful" & "Networker Nation" are all upbeat, dance-rock additions that fit well with the original 9 tracks.
1100;3;I also really loved "The man who stole a leopard", the title track, "Blame the Machines", "Too bad you're so beautiful", and ... well, never mind, they really are all good.
1100;4;The fact that he sounds this wonderful after thirty years is amazing to me...I'm going to focus on the "exclusive" additional tracks since everyone has already said great things about the full album so far...The similarity between all three is that none of them sound particularly New Wave or catchy.
1100;5;The fact that he sounds this wonderful after thirty years is amazing to me...I'm going to focus on the "exclusive" additional tracks since everyone has already said great things about the full album so far...The similarity between all three is that none of them sound particularly New Wave or catchy.
1100;6;The fact that he sounds this wonderful after thirty years is amazing to me...I'm going to focus on the "exclusive" additional tracks since everyone has already said great things about the full album so far...The similarity between all three is that none of them sound particularly New Wave or catchy.
1100;7;I've listened to the CD through completely four times in my car since I opened it three days ago, and am planning on enjoying it a few more times before picking up all my Duran Duran CD's and putting them in the car to start a reminiscing trip through their musical history...Just one additional note, I've now had a chance to watch the DVD that came in the Deluxe edition, and I am thrilled with the content.
1100;8;"Other People's Lives", "Too Bad You're So Beautiful" & "Networker Nation" are all upbeat, dance-rock additions that fit well with the original 9 tracks.
1100;9;- The spirit, energy, fun & glamor are back in the music, thanks to super-producer/old-school DD fan Mark Ronson.
1100;10;This song is a trip...The verdict is this: If you love the band and of course this album, get the Best Buy exclusive version as it has three additional songs that were not even announced until recently, and they are good tracks.
1101;1;Most people think that the songs were happy Eurotrash but dig deeper and listen to the heartbreak and happiness that these songs exude still after all these years.
1101;2;She dumped them in 1981 for Adam Ant but I still loved them.
1101;3;Whether its to good marketing or greed, all of their early greatest hits albums, to include the early ones are just reproductions with a different cover design.
1101;4;"Head Over Heels" has some great key modulations to make it shine
1101;5;She dumped them in 1981 for Adam Ant but I still loved them.
1101;6;Great Group  Even greater  CD,,,,  to our service poeple be safe to our veterns welcome home
1101;7;She dumped them in 1981 for Adam Ant but I still loved them.
1101;8;Abba stood for very high production values, attractive videos, middle-of-the-road pop and wholly inoffensive lyrics.
1101;9;"Mamma Mia" has a rapid beat but Abba never skips a beat nor do they let go of a single superfluous note
1101;10;She dumped them in 1981 for Adam Ant but I still loved them.
1102;1;If you sort the samples by Album, Bloodflowers tracks start on page 9 (sample number 81) as of the day I wrote this...Spend some time going through the samples to gain good insight to their music and I think you will enjoy it too.
1102;2;The lyrics are  mesmerizing (and sad, considering that Robert's talking about the end),  Robert's vocals really shine, and the musicianship is great (especially the  drums), an all around solid song.
1102;3;"Maybe Someday", a good vocal performace for the most part.
1102;4;BLOODFLOWERS swims through the air, and intoxicates every part of you....it  is a fine piece of work.
1102;5;I took a chance on Bloodflowers- I probably read a music review- and it carried me from beginning to end without me ever tiring of the voice/tone and with me enjoying every note and beat.
1102;6;I think out of the 3 albums I have so far, I enjoy this one the most.
1102;7;It is  actually a deep and moody travel through Robert Smith's emotions, poetic  and complicated, yet deceptively simplistic at the same time.
1102;8;The lyrics are  mesmerizing (and sad, considering that Robert's talking about the end),  Robert's vocals really shine, and the musicianship is great (especially the  drums), an all around solid song.
1102;9;I think out of the 3 albums I have so far, I enjoy this one the most.
1102;10;"The Last Day Of Summer" is  just like "Maybe Someday" (and thankfully, just as good too), I  love it as well.
1103;1;All of his hits are here and I've enjoyed the cd immensely.
1103;2;simon is one of those songwriters whose catalogs constantly surprise you.
1103;3;Amazing number of songs, all of them good.
1103;4;simon is one of those songwriters whose catalogs constantly surprise you.
1103;5;simon is one of those songwriters whose catalogs constantly surprise you.
1103;6;simon is one of those songwriters whose catalogs constantly surprise you.
1103;7;The songs are wonderful to listen to and I can play them endlessly in the car.
1103;8;Killer musicians of the highest quality with his clever, thoughtful lyrics and wordsmithing.
1103;9;I really love the second CD, but I was surprised at how much fun I had listening to the first CD, which includes many of his radio hits from the 70's and early 80's.
1103;10;If you're a Paul Simon fan, you'll love this 2 CD greatest hits collection.
1096;1;His ventriloquism is superb and his own dummies poke fun at him, even for being a ventriloquist!
1096;2;Minding the Monsters is well worth the money.
1096;3;I throughly would recommend to anyone who loves good comade.
1096;4;Minding the Monsters is well worth the money.
1096;5;Minding the Monsters is well worth the money.
1096;6;Minding the Monsters is well worth the money.
1096;7;Really, I think "Minding the Monsters" is the perfect culmination of drive, heart, and... let's be honest... some VERY memorable characters.
1096;8;Minding the Monsters is well worth the money.
1096;9;His ventriloquism is superb and his own dummies poke fun at him, even for being a ventriloquist!
1096;10;Many comedians love to make fun of others, often picking on audience members for a laugh.
1097;1;These southern rockers are here for good......enjoy the stay!!
1097;2;It's a masterpiece that I'm sure almost anyone who's ever gone through bad times can relate to.
1097;3;Unlike most of the other softer songs on the album, but still good.
1097;4;Listen to the lyrics
1097;5;Listen to the lyrics
1097;6;This song utilizes strong guitar riffs and forceful lyrics that drive home a rockin sound.
1097;7;This song utilizes strong guitar riffs and forceful lyrics that drive home a rockin sound.
1097;8;Listen to the lyrics
1097;9;The lyrics beautifully express the spectrum from sensuality to sexuality to pensiveness to straightahead fun.
1097;10;The lyrics are AWESOME.I love this CD!
1098;1;No matter what she does it sounds good.
1098;2;The packaging is kind of a bad joke, but the album is great.
1098;3;No matter what she does it sounds good.
1098;4;- "Man Of The Hour" sports some witty and humorous lyrics to the piano only trademark album closers.
1098;5;It's cool with a focus more on pop-rock sounds...Favorite tracks:.
1098;6;With the debut work "Come Away With Me" and follow up "Feels Like Home" display jazz with country-genes masterpieces.
1098;7;The music, the phrasing, the words, and the driving beats in songs like Chasing Pirates and Young Blood just keep Rocking!
1098;8;- "Man Of The Hour" sports some witty and humorous lyrics to the piano only trademark album closers.
1098;9;This has lots of fun, meaningful music.
1098;10;But the new rock n' roll edge really shines through elsewhere in the album without being overpowering, and I am looking forward to more explorations into those areas from her in the future...The LP version of this album is an excellent value for any vinyl-lover, to be sure, even if you only like a couple of the songs.
1099;1;I have the two live sets of this group a listen and yes they are really that good.
1099;2;Perhaps some of the negative reviews should be counted as votes in favor of the heavier sound we've heard on other Yes albums, but for me, the band has been more about the flow of harmonic singing, interesting arrangements, nifty countermelodies, lush synthesizer backdrops, and positive lyrics, and this album delivers all of those.
1099;3;I have the two live sets of this group a listen and yes they are really that good.
1099;4;This is not classic Yes, but it is beautiful music.
1099;5;After reading a number of reviews, and, some of those quite extensive, I picked up this little gem at my local record shop and took it home for a spin.
1099;6;After reading a number of reviews, and, some of those quite extensive, I picked up this little gem at my local record shop and took it home for a spin.
1099;7;This is not classic Yes, but it is beautiful music.
1099;8;Davison Heaven and Earth is fresh and new and his lyrics are superb, positive.
1099;9;Remember this is progressive rock and this album is just a lot of fun.
1099;10;Well on to this CD, it is strong and for me it reminds me of why I love this group.
1092;1;I was happy to find it on CD so I can enjoy it all over again.
1092;2;And it's not a bad thing, it's actually interesting, just different from what I'm used to.
1092;3;They put out three pretty cool records in the late 60's, featuring good vocals, peppy guitars and jazzy drumming.
1092;4;This is one of my favorite albums by Spirit and I highly recommend it to those familiar with the band or those who are curious about them.
1092;5;This is one of my favorite albums by Spirit and I highly recommend it to those familiar with the band or those who are curious about them.
1092;6;This is one of my favorite albums by Spirit and I highly recommend it to those familiar with the band or those who are curious about them.
1092;7;When I was a kid and my family went on trips, we would decide what music to listen to and this was the only tape that every one of us liked...I think of this album as trippy, kind of fun.
1092;8;It has a lot of comical elements with falsetto singing, horns, and lyrics.
1092;9;When I was a kid and my family went on trips, we would decide what music to listen to and this was the only tape that every one of us liked...I think of this album as trippy, kind of fun.
1092;10;I had the priviledge of seeing Spirit a couple times and this is the finest of the material they did back in the day.
1093;1;My only comment on this song is to listen and enjoy...A few of the many best songs on here are Happy?
1093;2;This is a really solid album, i'm very suprised about soem of the negative reviews.
1093;3;And finally, 'Pulling the String' is a great finish to the album although not as good as 'A Key to Nothing' on 'The End Of All Things To Come'...It is definitely worth waiting three years for (for people who have 'The End Of All Things To Come') and this also appeals to many nu-metallers around the world.
1093;4;And finally, 'Pulling the String' is a great finish to the album although not as good as 'A Key to Nothing' on 'The End Of All Things To Come'...It is definitely worth waiting three years for (for people who have 'The End Of All Things To Come') and this also appeals to many nu-metallers around the world.
1093;5;Okay I've read all the reviews (up in one day from the release geez) and i've come to this conclusion:.
1093;6;And finally, 'Pulling the String' is a great finish to the album although not as good as 'A Key to Nothing' on 'The End Of All Things To Come'...It is definitely worth waiting three years for (for people who have 'The End Of All Things To Come') and this also appeals to many nu-metallers around the world.
1093;7;And finally, 'Pulling the String' is a great finish to the album although not as good as 'A Key to Nothing' on 'The End Of All Things To Come'...It is definitely worth waiting three years for (for people who have 'The End Of All Things To Come') and this also appeals to many nu-metallers around the world.
1093;8;The lyrics are simply amazing, every song covers a somewhat different subject that you will be able to relate to very easily.
1093;9;End of all things to come was good too in the sense that, while the screaming wasn't quite as good, the singing was better and the songs were a little catchier, though not as much fun to listen to.
1093;10;'Just' is an early SLIPKNOT style song that I love and anybody can relate to.
1094;1;Despite that, I enjoyed the album because it's aggressive and fun to listen to.
1094;2;It really is the pure essence of Thrash Metal writ large in modern production, triumphantly performed by absolutely bad asses who have only gotten better with age...An interesting point here is the guest appearance from Metallicas Kirk Hammet who we all remember was in Exodus before he joined Metallica (Tempo Of The Dammed featured a song hed written on).
1094;3;i must say that the last ten years for this band have been so good, its been great to watch them rise to the top of the thrash mountain!
1094;4;For those that don't know, Kirk was the original guitarist and ended up joining Metallica before Exodus recorded their debut, which makes this contribution the first he's recorded for them, and it's one of the best solos he's done in recent years.
1094;5;For those that don't know, Kirk was the original guitarist and ended up joining Metallica before Exodus recorded their debut, which makes this contribution the first he's recorded for them, and it's one of the best solos he's done in recent years.
1094;6;For those that don't know, Kirk was the original guitarist and ended up joining Metallica before Exodus recorded their debut, which makes this contribution the first he's recorded for them, and it's one of the best solos he's done in recent years.
1094;7;For those that don't know, Kirk was the original guitarist and ended up joining Metallica before Exodus recorded their debut, which makes this contribution the first he's recorded for them, and it's one of the best solos he's done in recent years.
1094;8;I like it that veteran thrash bands are doing a throwback to the days of old with their nostalgic lyrics (for example Destruction's "Legacy of the Past") The solo is interesting and its great to hear Altus and Holt back at it again.
1094;9;Despite that, I enjoyed the album because it's aggressive and fun to listen to.
1094;10;Of course tastes and preference in music is all relative, but this release has everything I love about a great thrash album
1095;1;Listen with your lighter side and you will find the wonderful music and lyrics on this disc as good as I do and besides it is Sarah, cant go wrong there!
1095;2;she has put out some great albums.
1095;3;Listen with your lighter side and you will find the wonderful music and lyrics on this disc as good as I do and besides it is Sarah, cant go wrong there!
1095;4;she has put out some great albums.
1095;5;she has put out some great albums.
1095;6;I have a rather good Marantz CD player with ifi tube unit in front to clean the sound.
1095;7;It was a great concert and I love having the CD to remember that trip.
1095;8;Listen with your lighter side and you will find the wonderful music and lyrics on this disc as good as I do and besides it is Sarah, cant go wrong there!
1095;9;Shine on is Sarahs lightest and most beautiful music and lyrics, to me her music has always been encouraging, fun and kick a$$.
1095;10;I'm sure her dad is smiling down on her with love, everyday!!
1088;1;Enjoy this one with a a good whiskey or bourbon.
1088;2;i truly recomend this record it is a soulfull sad album and it goes strait to the ruits of the blues,and lets face it the blues is the best music around.
1088;3;The godfather of blues , very good
1088;4;The godfather of blues , very good
1088;5;Greil Marcus, in his brilliant study of American music, MYSTERY TRAIN, argues that Johnson is the last of the Puritans, because he took the reality of Satan and evil as serious as Jonathan Edwards.
1088;6;Standing across the street from the site of the house he lived in with Robert Johnson when he learned Sweet Home Chicago, I waited until he played it for me to say, "That's amazing!"
1088;7;Furthermore, Robert's traveling buddy and fellow Blues musician, Johnny Shines, possessed at least as much, if not more, talent than young Robert did.
1088;8;The voice, the guitar, and the emotion behind the lyrics express some of the most hypnotic music ever to be played.
1088;9;The godfather of blues , very good
1088;10;Songs such as Hellhound on My Trail and Love in Vain have a power and emotional intensity that has been rarely, if ever, equaled.
1089;1;Still good stuff though and I am happy to have it.
1089;2;I am a bit more from the 80's crowd and hoped it would go that way, but it is a bit more blue and soul like.
1089;3;Instantly likable, the songs are really good.
1089;4;There are 4 or 5 up tempo songs, and the rest are slower ballads etc.
1089;5;If you have read the book, each song will remind you of some part of the book.
1089;6;There are 4 or 5 up tempo songs, and the rest are slower ballads etc.
1089;7;"Can't Break Me Down" and "Postcards from the Past" are great songs to listen to in the car.
1089;8;The lyrics are his most personal and the best he's written, music is top notch.
1089;9;I've been a Billy Idol fan going back to the early 80's and his music was the backdrop of my youth and songs like "Rebel Yell" and "Dancing With Myself" will always be viewed as classics to me.
1089;10;I especially love the song Love and Glory.
1090;1;Udo's vocals are a bit rough and may not be for everybody, but I will take real emotion and good vocal melodies over some pretty boy singer anyday.
1090;2;Very innovative for their time...
1090;3;Old-school metal has never sounded so good -- count me  as a new, satisfied convert of Accept's.
1090;4;A beaut of a solo by Wolf Hoffman,and alot of emotional power combine to create one of the best ballads in the genre's history...The beautiful re-master of this Cd,also sports some good live cuts of Head Over Heels and Love Child,which were extras from the live in Osaka,1985 show...Excellent Metal release of a truly great band.
1090;5;Very innovative for their time...
1090;6;Very innovative for their time...
1090;7;Very innovative for their time...
1090;8;And true, Accept can create a party groove as  well as AC/DC, but Accept also succeeds in actually writing meaningful  lyrics to go along with its loud ethic.
1090;9;And true, Accept can create a party groove as  well as AC/DC, but Accept also succeeds in actually writing meaningful  lyrics to go along with its loud ethic.
1090;10;Some of the best guitar riffs from the 80's...  You will love these guys.
1091;1;The album has a good flow to it
1091;2;Best all time and I usually hate remasters...Some of the negative comments for this release represent a sheepish anti-MFSL faction of a well known mastering engineers internet forum that I will not honor by mentioning it's name.
1091;3;The album has a good flow to it
1091;4;"New York State Of Mind" and "I'm Loved These Days" both display the Ray Charles jazz,soul and pop busting eclecticism in his sound.
1091;5;Fantastic album of solidly composed and performed songs from when Billy was less concerned with hits and more focused on challenging music with introspective/prospective lyrics.
1091;6;Along with the hard-rocking GLASS HOUSES, this is one of Billy Joel's best CDs ever.
1091;7;I'll now explore some of them...First, many of the songs have a traveling theme.
1091;8;The original LP came in a beige dust sleeve with "Billy Joel - Turnstiles" printed on one side, and the lyrics to the songs printed on the other.
1091;9;Such a fun pop song.
1091;10;"New York State Of Mind" and "I'm Loved These Days" both display the Ray Charles jazz,soul and pop busting eclecticism in his sound.
1117;1;This great set of  songs in the tradition of Beatles/Costello is truly moving, and Mann wears  her emotions on her sleeve on the best tracks--"Deathly"  "Red Vines" Nothing is Good Enough".
1117;2;And Mann's voice, innocent and understated, sad but strong, is the perfect instrument to bring the songs off.
1117;3;the other songs are new and just as good.
1117;4;And, interestingly enough, it sports more crunchy, ethereal guitar work.
1117;5;I usually focus on music (as opposed to lyrics), but Mann's singing and words are the high point for me on this album.
1117;6;But it's all good, and  I can't think of a cd that I have purchased in the last year where I can't  wait to get home and put it back on the stereo.
1117;7;The best songs Driving Sideways, How Am I Different and You  Do all reveal Mann's gift for melodies as well as penetrating lyrics.
1117;8;Everything about it is simply top-notch:  melodies, lyrics, production, emotion...it all works.
1117;9;What we have here is pretty much a masterpeice.
1117;10;I simply love her songs and sound.
1116;1;This was a gift and the person seemed happy with it.
1116;2;This is one of the best bands and some of the best songs to come along.
1116;3;Energetic, makes you feel good.
1116;4;This is one of the best bands and some of the best songs to come along.
1116;5;This is one of the best bands and some of the best songs to come along.
1116;6;This is one of the best bands and some of the best songs to come along.
1116;7;This is one of the best bands and some of the best songs to come along.
1116;8;Very upbeat music with nice lyrics.
1116;9;I think SB has a lot of fun music.
1116;10;I love Sawyer Brown's voices so this is as great as all the other albums!
1119;1;She has captured this moody, yet there may be hope feel that hasn't been heard from her since Butterfly, yet this is her best since TEOM- even though I must admit, I enjoyed E=MC2 & MOAIA was pretty decent good.
1119;2;This is an album from a woman at the top of her game doing what she does best making R&B Music!
1119;3;Well, I can honestly say, a really good CD.
1119;4;This is an album from a woman at the top of her game doing what she does best making R&B Music!
1119;5;This is an album from a woman at the top of her game doing what she does best making R&B Music!
1119;6;"You Don't Know What To Do" is a beautiful late 70's disco era sophistifunk style number-complete with a clean bass/guitar line and strings.
1119;7;remember when you could walk to the gate with your girl at airport even though you weren't traveling just to watch the plane push away from the gate and to make sure she got on ok, when people would break up a fight instead of pulling out a camera, when people respected life and one another.....Mariah, you captured the essence of that era with this album!
1119;8;I feel like if I could only own two Mariah Carey albums it would be this one and Butterfly...I was touched by the lyrics of amazing songs like Camouflage, Supernatural and even Heavenly.
1119;9;This is another song that I didn't instantly love until a few more listens and now it's one of my favorites just because it's fun and has the potential to be Mariah's 18th #1 hit on the dance charts.
1119;10;I loved the cd and I love Mariah Carey.
1118;1;this is alot different than his last album but in a good way i enjoy every song on this record his guitar work always amazes me i would highly suggest this album to anyone who likes joe bonamassa or blues in general.
1118;2;"The Ballad of John Henry", is just a great blues-rock recording.
1118;3;His covers are just as good, "Stop!"
1118;4;"The Ballad of John Henry", is just a great blues-rock recording.
1118;5;"The Ballad of John Henry", is just a great blues-rock recording.
1118;6;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
1118;7;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
1118;8;I love Joe's covers...but original music is how a musician communicates most effectively, and I love Joe's originals...the emotion of them.
1118;9;Funkier Than a Mosquitos Tweeter is just plain fun and rocking.
1118;10;Great CD, but I love any music by Joe!
1113;1;The album is great & I'm happy with the purchase.
1113;2;The pains, trials, tribulations and joys of growing up as a young male, discovering and exploring life.
1113;3;BOY has an underlying current that (like a good Pink Floyd album) washes up on you with the first few notes and carries you downstream through an imaginative motion picture mind through "Stories For Boys", the music and lyrics for which are stunning, beautiful, imperative, and emotive, and then it drops you gently off at the end of the journey on a new shore where things look just slightly different from where you embarked.
1113;4;Absolutely amazing sounding mastering job for this vinyl edition!
1113;5;Absolutely amazing sounding mastering job for this vinyl edition!
1113;6;Absolutely amazing sounding mastering job for this vinyl edition!
1113;7;Like most of U2's earlier albums, "Boy" is thematically driven, and this theme is reflected in the title.
1113;8;BOY has an underlying current that (like a good Pink Floyd album) washes up on you with the first few notes and carries you downstream through an imaginative motion picture mind through "Stories For Boys", the music and lyrics for which are stunning, beautiful, imperative, and emotive, and then it drops you gently off at the end of the journey on a new shore where things look just slightly different from where you embarked.
1113;9;My friend had a birthday party and received Boy on cassette.
1113;10;Many females also seem to love this album, so the male centred experiences don't seem to alienate listeners on a gender basis.
1112;1;"A Funky Space Reincarnation" is one of the coolest funk/soul songs I've heard, and the fantastic "Anna's Song" contains what I feel is the most heart wrenchingly emotional vocal moment in all of Marvin's music.
1112;2;He talks about his pain of divorcing as well as the joy of "Falling in Love Again".
1112;3;Get it while the  gettin' is good.
1112;4;Marvin was truly far ahead of his time...he always will be.
1112;5;Marvin was truly far ahead of his time...he always will be.
1112;6;When I went through my divorce I listened to this album a great deal and felt like I was living Marvin's experiences-it really hit home.
1112;7;Marvin was truly far ahead of his time...he always will be.
1112;8;His lyrics will make you empathize, cry and laugh.
1112;9;The cover art depicting Gaye as a Roman God is a stroke of genius, and worth searching for is an original copy on vinyl for the Monopoly-style fold-out with property to be divided between the two parties ,brilliant!
1112;10;If anything, I feel after listening to this album that he still loves her very much, despite the fact that they are not meant to continue on together.
1115;1;Every song on this CD is at least good, and range up to great.
1115;2;This is a must-own for any fan of Elton John.
1115;3;Every song on this CD is at least good, and range up to great.
1115;4;This is a must-own for any fan of Elton John.
1115;5;This is a must-own for any fan of Elton John.
1115;6;"Rocket Man" is the classic song that Elton used to sing for 20 minutes in concert and it is a great song about a man being a long way from home in a cold desolate environment but the whole album is full of great songs and perhaps this is the best John/Taupin collaboration.
1115;7;The latter song's jaundiced view of New York City began to strike a chord with me after my trip to the relative quiet of Maine, and I fully empathize with what Bernie Taupin wrote in its lyrics.
1115;8;The aural dynamics continue with each of the songs that follow, never in a bombastic way, but a very accomplished and relaxed manner that testifies to Elton's zooming artistic growth...Bernie Taupin's lyrics are funny and work either with or against the grain of the melody in each song in a way that adds to their signature diversity.
1115;9;You have to love a song with a tap dance solo!
1115;10;I just bought this CD a couple days ago and I love it.
1114;1;Has good, dirty riffing and interesting drumming.
1114;2;It's too bad they didn't stop to really soak up this time period because it's a great album and they had a great stage show.
1114;3;Has good, dirty riffing and interesting drumming.
1114;4;Has good, dirty riffing and interesting drumming.
1114;5;Has good, dirty riffing and interesting drumming.
1114;6;Has good, dirty riffing and interesting drumming.
1114;7;Has good, dirty riffing and interesting drumming.
1114;8;Good delivery to the lyrics...Save your love - good footstomping riffing.
1114;9;There are no horns, and no keyboards, just good rock and roll you can dance by.
1114;10;Good delivery to the lyrics...Save your love - good footstomping riffing.
1109;1;But the good thing is that this sound is solid for Nightwish - what DOES make them unique still is the musicianship - it's still Nightwish in that sense (take a good listen to the instrumental CD of this special edition CD - still very Nightwish).
1109;2;The songwriter seems to like the word whore in there...Eva, is simply beautiful, and sad.
1109;3;However, there is so much good here that the bad just gets pushed aside...First of all, "The Poet and the Pendulum" is a masterpiece.
1109;4;"Dark Passion Play" is definitely something new to Nightwish, but you might want to give this a try.
1109;5;When I read that Tarja was kicked out, I was saddened since I loved the sound of her voice with the heavy metal/rock sound.
1109;6;"Home" is the first time you hear Anette on this CD and she sounds great.
1109;7;"Dark Passion Play" is definitely something new to Nightwish, but you might want to give this a try.
1109;8;Overall superior album... more upbeat (although the lyrics are not ^_^)... great!
1109;9;It's also very fun to sing along with this one.
1109;10;Honestly I love all the music on it but the two pieces I dissected a bit are my favorite, even my dad likes Nightwish, but hey he's a cool dude who is into martial arts and all this funky movie stuff, so it makes sense!
1108;1;I reccomend this album to anyone who appreciates really good music thats fun to listen to.
1108;2;With all the mediocre and simply bad R&B music being made in today's music industry, it's refreshing to re-visit an album that's well made, feels it was handled with care and time was taken to musically flesh out each song.
1108;3;I reccomend this album to anyone who appreciates really good music thats fun to listen to.
1108;4;Where he had a variety of songs that could capture the listener, now, he has songs that are all on one track, and that's the carnal one.
1108;5;Where he had a variety of songs that could capture the listener, now, he has songs that are all on one track, and that's the carnal one.
1108;6;"I Wish" very haunting&Hits home on so many levels.
1108;7;Where he had a variety of songs that could capture the listener, now, he has songs that are all on one track, and that's the carnal one.
1108;8;I know R. kelly can be a little overally sexual with his lyrics but overall this album is really good.
1108;9;I reccomend this album to anyone who appreciates really good music thats fun to listen to.
1108;10;Other gems are "The Greatest Sex", which is kind of misleading because it's more of a love song, "I Decided", the 1st single "I Wish", "Just Like That", and "I Don't Mean It".
1111;1;It's obvious that these New Jerseyans put a great deal of time and effort into these songs, and the result is absolutely fantastic.
1111;2;I had the pleasure of talking to Michael Lepond (bassist) after it was released, and although he was a bit disappointed with the level of his bass in the mix - and I'll admit, it's a little low, but not as bad as Metallica's  '...And Justice For All' - he was proud of the product.
1111;3;Russell Allen's lyrics about Odysseus' journey are incredible
1111;4;"King of Terrors" also features a completely mind-blowing instrumental workout in the 2nd half.
1111;5;If you read the insert in the special edition bonus version they admit that they wanted to focus on the guitar on this album...and it is the most prominent...The keyboards are very cool, not as prominent as Dream Theater's typical arranging and mixing, but nevertheless, present an adding alot to the songs.
1111;6;Around the four minute mark, Michael Romeo sets his guitar on clean and brings the song into a peaceful-sounding interlude with Russell Allen.
1111;7;With this song's haunting melodies and driving beats, it easily ranks up there as one of the best on the album.
1111;8;Russell Allen's lyrics about Odysseus' journey are incredible
1111;9;These guys managed to outdo themselves once again, only this one is a lot more fun because of the song-oriented approach.
1111;10;I love Symphony X. Although I play bass, i'm a guitar solo nut, and Michael Romeo does a great job of satisfying my love of solos.
1110;1;But, it is a good album that I enjoy listening to.
1110;2;Love it its so awesome very addicting obe of there best albums yet cant wait for the next one rock on guys!!!
1110;3;But, it is a good album that I enjoy listening to.
1110;4;Love it its so awesome very addicting obe of there best albums yet cant wait for the next one rock on guys!!!
1110;5;Love it its so awesome very addicting obe of there best albums yet cant wait for the next one rock on guys!!!
1110;6;Love it its so awesome very addicting obe of there best albums yet cant wait for the next one rock on guys!!!
1110;7;Love it its so awesome very addicting obe of there best albums yet cant wait for the next one rock on guys!!!
1110;8;Love it its so awesome very addicting obe of there best albums yet cant wait for the next one rock on guys!!!
1110;9;Love it its so awesome very addicting obe of there best albums yet cant wait for the next one rock on guys!!!
1110;10;Love it its so awesome very addicting obe of there best albums yet cant wait for the next one rock on guys!!!
1105;1;Happy Trails is a nice piece of late 60's originality that rock fans of that era should enjoy.
1105;2;One of the best from The Summer Of Love...
1105;3;After starting out with that familiar Bo Diddley beat, they change rhythm and go into a great guitar jam that has a few jazz overtones thrown in for good measure.
1105;4;One of the best from The Summer Of Love...
1105;5;One of the best from The Summer Of Love...
1105;6;Then they eventually get back on track and bring it back home with that familiar Diddley beat and some screamin' guitar work to end the song.
1105;7;What a nice trip, now bye!
1105;8;One of the best from The Summer Of Love...
1105;9;They are fun and interesting.
1105;10;One of the best from The Summer Of Love...
1104;1;Gabriel explores many themes on this album, from people who enjoy breaking into homes ("Intruder") to people who need attention and go to extremes to get it ("Family Snapshot") to the relationship between sex and war ("Games Without Frontiers") to alienation ("Not One of Us") to the final political protest song against apartheid ("Biko").
1104;2;"Family Snapshot" is one of my favorite tracks, about an assasination, by a man who's grown up through a sad chilhood, his mother and father apparently divorcing.
1104;3;If you know nothing about Gabriel and are curious, this is a good one to start with.
1104;4;It's a dark scary world out there, and he's right.
1104;5;It starts with the chilling drumbeat and the "Intruder" creeps into your consciousness as skillfully as the best thriller you've ever read or seen.
1104;6;Gabriel explores many themes on this album, from people who enjoy breaking into homes ("Intruder") to people who need attention and go to extremes to get it ("Family Snapshot") to the relationship between sex and war ("Games Without Frontiers") to alienation ("Not One of Us") to the final political protest song against apartheid ("Biko").
1104;7;The tracks blend together with such pristine ease, and the vocals are some of Gabriels best, (right up there with the hallucinogenic trip that is The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway).
1104;8;The music backs up the lyrics to a degree that's almost mesmerizing.
1104;9;From the pounding drums and unexpected scratching on that song, we're drawn in to this black world - and to our astonishment, this world is fun.
1104;10;If you like Peter Gabriel then you're going to love this CD.
1107;1;This is an excellent movie, great family fun.
1107;2;If you like music and dancing then you will love this movie.
1107;3;The beat does tend to have too much of an echo, but the remix, overall, is a good party favorite.
1107;4;It's great to listen to while relaxing or even workout to.
1107;5;If you like music and dancing then you will love this movie.
1107;6;If you like music and dancing then you will love this movie.
1107;7;"I Want a Hero" has always been my theme song...Pop this in your car's player on a long trip and enjoy the miles.
1107;8;If you like music and dancing then you will love this movie.
1107;9;"Let's Hear it For the Boy" Deniece Williams -- Another huge hit to emerge is in the form of this extremely fun, Madonna or Cyndi Lauper-esque dance track, shown in the movie as they're practicing their moves...3.
1107;10;If you like music and dancing then you will love this movie.
1106;1;Breaking Benjamin is a great band with some really good song writing and great vocals.
1106;2;Breaking Benjamin's Saturate album is one of my favorites with a lot of great music on it.
1106;3;Breaking Benjamin is a great band with some really good song writing and great vocals.
1106;4;Breaking Benjamin's Saturate album is one of my favorites with a lot of great music on it.
1106;5;Breaking Benjamin's Saturate album is one of my favorites with a lot of great music on it.
1106;6;Home (3:38) . . . Wow, this is an awesome song, you gotta hear it for yourself to experience the greatness 10/10.
1106;7;Breaking Benjamin's Saturate album is one of my favorites with a lot of great music on it.
1106;8;this is truly a great cd with great acoustics and lyrics they give a top performance with no exceptions.
1106;9;Overall, Breaking Benjamin's "Saturate" is an awesome debut album from these guys, and a great modern rock album that's just downright fun to listen to.
1106;10;I love every single song on this album.
1134;1;What you have are a collection of albums that have one or two good songs on it and the rest is filler.
1134;2;Ladies and gentlemen, this is Dokken's best album.
1134;3;What you have are a collection of albums that have one or two good songs on it and the rest is filler.
1134;4;Ladies and gentlemen, this is Dokken's best album.
1134;5;Ladies and gentlemen, this is Dokken's best album.
1134;6;Ladies and gentlemen, this is Dokken's best album.
1134;7;Ladies and gentlemen, this is Dokken's best album.
1134;8;And stop fighting love and cry of the gypsy have great emotion to them.
1134;9;Also make sure you buy the music video for this song,it is such a fun video!
1134;10;I don't know how else to say it - I love this album.
1135;1;This is a good album, really enjoying it
1135;2;, and "Love Is A Rose" (excellent harmonica solo!)
1135;3;Every song she does on this CD is very good.
1135;4;, and "Love Is A Rose" (excellent harmonica solo!)
1135;5;All the more reason to pick up this first Greatest Hits set, which captures Linda Ronstadt at her most focused and an important musical period at its peak.
1135;6;This is an essential album for your collection, and one I have both in the house and in the car.
1135;7;Since I drive an older car, I use this cassette every day...Linda's singing is as good as I remembered!
1135;8;shines when Linda performs it faultlessly and you can really hear the emotion she pours into this tune.
1135;9;(Love Is Like A) Heat Wave" rocks and it's still perfectly good for dancing even in our times.
1135;10;It is a great purchase, love all the songs.
1132;1;Carly sings that she will just enjoy the moment with her man without worrying what the future will bring "'cause these are the good old days."
1132;2;Indeed, there are other interesting, provocative, and beautiful selections here, including my own personal favorite, "I haven't Got Time For The Pain".
1132;3;There are a lot of good songs here, like the terrific "Legend In Your Own Time" about then beau James Taylor, and the rocking "Mockingbird", a duet done with Taylor.
1132;4;Her songs are literate observations on life, love, relationships and commitment, usually set to addictive melodies.
1132;5;Her songs are literate observations on life, love, relationships and commitment, usually set to addictive melodies.
1132;6;Her songs are literate observations on life, love, relationships and commitment, usually set to addictive melodies.
1132;7;I remember singing this song in the car with my  good friend,Karen Holliway,driving out to Wintersville.
1132;8;Growing up and listening to music in the 70's and 80's as a kid and young man, I remember the music and lyrics to almost all of the songs.
1132;9;Her songs are literate observations on life, love, relationships and commitment, usually set to addictive melodies.
1132;10;Her songs are literate observations on life, love, relationships and commitment, usually set to addictive melodies.
1133;1;If you are a George Lynch fan you will enjoy his solo's and melodic riff's , this still holds up today and is a classic!
1133;2;All 3 are top notch albums within the genre, and George Lynch plays perfect metal guitar to boot.
1133;3;Remastered rock candy version is as good as the Japanese version!
1133;4;All 3 are top notch albums within the genre, and George Lynch plays perfect metal guitar to boot.
1133;5;All 3 are top notch albums within the genre, and George Lynch plays perfect metal guitar to boot.
1133;6;All 3 are top notch albums within the genre, and George Lynch plays perfect metal guitar to boot.
1133;7;All 3 are top notch albums within the genre, and George Lynch plays perfect metal guitar to boot.
1133;8;And stop fighting love and cry of the gypsy have great emotion to them.
1133;9;This was Dokken's last record until 1995's "Dysfunctional," which totally dropped the party rock feel, and adopted an alt-rock style..."Back for the Attack" is quite literally one of the best records of the entire decade.
1133;10;I did not listen to it but he loved it.
1130;1;If the songs on his other CDs are as good as this, I will be very happy!
1130;2;This Blue Turtles band was absolutely fantastic and kudos to you for hiring these amazing musicians and assembling this great band.
1130;3;Many good songs to launch his solo career.
1130;4;Many good songs to launch his solo career.
1130;5;(Listening to this album while reading Riane Eisler's "The Chalice and the Blade" is a rewarding experience.
1130;6;"Consider Me Gone" uses home metaphors about a relationship gone south, backed by a cool swing beat.
1130;7;Many good songs to launch his solo career.
1130;8;Great lyrics and great music.
1130;9;It's a lot of fun to listen - and for some reason I do think of Blue Turtles marching along hearing it.
1130;10;Lyrically it strongly reflected his romantic analytical mindedness as well as apparently intense social consciousness.
1131;1;It's not without its element of sadness (it wouldn't be the Cure if it lacked in melancholy...even their happy stuff could bring a tear to the eyes, and I'm not talking about the so-called hardcore fans who think the Cure had to be sad to be good.
1131;2;There is something about the way the music is constructed and performed that keeps your ears alert and numbs your mind to the pain that is being expressed.
1131;3;The sound has the punch and new warmth of good remastereds, as opposed to the original AAD disc which was flatter and muddier.
1131;4;To heck with freedom of choice - do what you are destined to do and buy, or rebuy as the case may be...---------------------------------------------------------.
1131;5;To heck with freedom of choice - do what you are destined to do and buy, or rebuy as the case may be...---------------------------------------------------------.
1131;6;The live Short Term Effect is so clean I mistook it for a studio jam...The album sleeve art and font are distorted and hard to make out, as was obviously the intent.
1131;7;This double disc set - which ingeniously includes lots of worthwhile rarities - is the perfect trip down nostalgia lane while opening up your nerve endings to sounds that are ultimately timeless, fresh and oh so powerful...Robert Smith is our Roger Waters
1131;8;"A Forest" employs haunting tones and melodies, backed by thought-provoking lyrics.
1131;9;It's fun to hear how they went to rough demo to final composition.
1131;10;You can keep "Friday I'm In Love," THIS is The Cure I like.
1128;1;An album of stunning beauty, depth, passion and fun.
1128;2;Who else does this stuff and succeeds?
1128;3;Mr. Knopfler has always been a good writer - but even that is improving continually.
1128;4;Who else does this stuff and succeeds?
1128;5;If you're in any doubt as to whether you would enjoy this album, just read the lyrics [at [...]] and imagine them pleasantly sung [I never enjoyed his singing this well in the past] to a mix of celtic and blues accompaniments with tasteful -- rather than dazzling -- guitar [single-coil, double-coil electric, steel-string acoustic] plucked with facile fingertips, along with appropriately ethnic instruments.
1128;6;And if you want something radio-ready, you have it in Cleaning My Gun...This disk is a carefully measured dose of the good stuff wrapped in a pleasant package.
1128;7;I actually like every song on the album, but my personal favorites are "Monteleone," "The Car was the One," and the title track.
1128;8;He takes chances with his lyrics and succeeds mightily.
1128;9;An album of stunning beauty, depth, passion and fun.
1128;10;Again from my favorite electric guitar player singer/songwriter comes a breath of new songs to reinforce my love for his music.
1129;1;Strung together, these two discs are a fantastic testament to Yes' ability as musicians and as performers: They are talanted and not afraid to have fun onstage - two things clearly reflected in Yessongs.
1129;2;A wonderful introduction to Yes for anyone who is new to them.
1129;3;"Siberian Khatru" is really good.
1129;4;A wonderful introduction to Yes for anyone who is new to them.
1129;5;Anderson's hi-register vocal tone sounds reserved, focused, innocent and yet faraway
1129;6;A wonderful introduction to Yes for anyone who is new to them.
1129;7;Rick Wakeman also traveled with a large battery of instruments, constantly calling on different sounds for different pieces.
1129;8;A wonderful introduction to Yes for anyone who is new to them.
1129;9;Strung together, these two discs are a fantastic testament to Yes' ability as musicians and as performers: They are talanted and not afraid to have fun onstage - two things clearly reflected in Yessongs.
1129;10;And what I love about bands in their developing stage is that they weren't afraid to improve and experiment on stage.
1126;1;Plink, plink, plink....fun....plink, plink, plink....joy and humor...plink, plink, plink...happy tunes and great musicianship.
1126;2;I highly recommend it to anyone who likes blue grass.
1126;3;He writes good songs too...and he can sing like a classic balladeer.
1126;4;I love this CD and it's excellent background music for household chores or quick getaways.
1126;5;p.s. I'm thankful for the reviewer D. Steiner who said choose the CD over the download for the included booklet - I recommend you do just that, what a delightful read!
1126;6;I love this CD and it's excellent background music for household chores or quick getaways.
1126;7;I love this CD and it's excellent background music for household chores or quick getaways.
1126;8;I know nothing of music other than whether I like it or not, whether it makes me feel a certain emotion or gets my feet to moving...I love Steve Martin from way back, if you haven't read his biography it's a short read that makes you wish he'd told you more.
1126;9;Plink, plink, plink....fun....plink, plink, plink....joy and humor...plink, plink, plink...happy tunes and great musicianship.
1126;10;I love this CD and it's excellent background music for household chores or quick getaways.
1127;1;Their longevity proves that their fans still enjoy their music
1127;2;By this time, their covers were mostly still better than their originals, but "2120 South Michigan Avenue" is a very nice instrumental, and "Empty Heart" is not bad either.
1127;3;"It's All Over Now", their first UK #1 hit, is one of the highlights of the album, and while "Time Is On My Side" is also very good, an even better version can be found on the UK album "The Rolling Stones No. 2", as well as several compilations...All in all, the album makes for a very nice listen and is well worth the price.
1127;4;The electric guitars are awesome and I like that percussion and the drums!
1127;5;The electric guitars are awesome and I like that percussion and the drums!
1127;6;The electric guitars are awesome and I like that percussion and the drums!
1127;7;Time Is On My Side is a soulful gem and I do appreciate the organ driven intro here.
1127;8;By this time, their covers were mostly still better than their originals, but "2120 South Michigan Avenue" is a very nice instrumental, and "Empty Heart" is not bad either.
1127;9;But they do it well and make this fun.
1127;10;I love those old Stones albums with the blues and Motown covers.
1124;1;Good quality cd, better than I expected and more songs for your money.
1124;2;Great songs from a great era and a great DVD.
1124;3;Good quality cd, better than I expected and more songs for your money.
1124;4;Great songs from a great era and a great DVD.
1124;5;Great songs from a great era and a great DVD.
1124;6;Great songs from a great era and a great DVD.
1124;7;I love this CD and have it in my car as one of 6 played continuously.
1124;8;Great songs from a great era and a great DVD.
1124;9;We had so much fun!
1124;10;I Got a Feeling, It's The Same Old Song, Reach Out I'll Be There, Bernadette, I can't Help Myself (Sugar Pie, Honey Bunch), Walk Away Rene, & Standing in the Shadows of Love
1125;1;Always enjoy the music and humor.
1125;2;They continue to create great hits and I am a fan of Rewind, The Mechanic, Payback and Life's a Song.
1125;3;This is a very good album.
1125;4;They continue to create great hits and I am a fan of Rewind, The Mechanic, Payback and Life's a Song.
1125;5;They continue to create great hits and I am a fan of Rewind, The Mechanic, Payback and Life's a Song.
1125;6;They continue to create great hits and I am a fan of Rewind, The Mechanic, Payback and Life's a Song.
1125;7;They continue to create great hits and I am a fan of Rewind, The Mechanic, Payback and Life's a Song.
1125;8;They continue to create great hits and I am a fan of Rewind, The Mechanic, Payback and Life's a Song.
1125;9;They continue to create great hits and I am a fan of Rewind, The Mechanic, Payback and Life's a Song.
1125;10;Took me a while to warm up to Rascal Flatts over the year....but they did and now I love them!!
1122;1;Enjoy the music and am learning to appreciate the "new sound"...very different from four part harmony.
1122;2;I highly recommend it to all music lovers.
1122;3;Good tunes and it got here quickly.
1122;4;I highly recommend it to all music lovers.
1122;5;And, despite the focus  of the majority of the songs on our personal walk (maybe I should say "because of the God focussed application to our personal lives..."), the tracks lift my heart up in praise in a way comparable to the best praise and worship disc.
1122;6;The overall lyrical content should hit home for children and adults both, incredibly heartfelt and inspirational...The music itself is also fantastic.
1122;7;I listen to one song on the radio and knew I wanted the CD in my car.
1122;8;With catchy melodies and thought provoking lyrics, this CD should do well at radio and win the group many new fans.
1122;9;personal favorites are Who am I, voice of truth and praise you with the dance.
1122;10;It was a gift for a friend....they LOVED it....fast service!
1123;1;If you liked Heartwork, you're sure to enjoy this one.
1123;2;This is not a bad thing - this is a top track...And lastly, I might add, it's also great to hear Bill Steer's guttural growl return on some backing vocals.
1123;3;it is SO good to see these guys active again.
1123;4;A true return to form for one of death metal's pioneers.
1123;5;It is absolutely one of the best metal albums, and you should probably stop reading my review so that you can buy it and hear it for yourself!
1123;6;True, it might not take home the "album of the year" award, nor can it be said to even be 2013's best comeback record, as both of those prizes belong to Black Sabbath's "13."
1123;7;Bill's guitar still rips and shreads with the best of them and Jeff's bass and sand paper vocals drive in the message "We're Back"!!!!!
1123;8;Every classic Carcass trait and element is all present on "Surgical Steel": Massive, grinding, scorching, head crushing riffs, soaring and majestic NWOBHM melodies and epic face melting guitar solos, intense skull pounding drum work, throat scraping growls and snarls, disturbing song titles and lyrics, believe me it's all on here.
1123;9;Despite the gruesome subject matter and dark delivery, you can't help but feel they had a great time making this record and that energy carries over in the performances, making it a very fun listen...I can't imagine any fan of the genre not loving this album.
1123;10;This is my first introduction to the heavy metal band Carcass, and I love it.
1120;1;My Way (Good Beat, love how the Pianos Play).
1120;2;This is better than most of his albums.
1120;3;My Way (Good Beat, love how the Pianos Play).
1120;4;This is better than most of his albums.
1120;5;This is better than most of his albums.
1120;6;This is better than most of his albums.
1120;7;This is better than most of his albums.
1120;8;Poppa Was a Playa 10/10 - good song about his pops, i like the lyrics...12.
1120;9;This is better than most of his albums.
1120;10;My Way (Good Beat, love how the Pianos Play).
1121;1;I'm in my 30's, so I don't want that bubble gum pop on the radio, but I do enjoy a WIDE range of genres and she seems to capture a bit of pop, country, folk, alternative, groovy, just make u feel happy inside!
1121;2;There's a mention of her being from MySpaceMalibu, so you expect light and breezy, but it's actually pretty mature and well thought out lyrics that gets your attention, even with the soothing acoustic guitar, the lyrics are pretty serious like "Midnight Bottle" about subduing one's loneliness with a drink(she was 22 at the recording of this CD) or moving away from a bad relationship in "Battle."
1121;3;Good CD to listen to while you relax or read a good book.
1121;4;It's not a high-flown, flowery expression of romantic love but a woman's honest declaration of her feelings for her love--and it's all the more wonderful for it.
1121;5;Good CD to listen to while you relax or read a good book.
1121;6;It's not a high-flown, flowery expression of romantic love but a woman's honest declaration of her feelings for her love--and it's all the more wonderful for it.
1121;7;Great CD to play in car, top down, sun shining on your face.
1121;8;There's a mention of her being from MySpaceMalibu, so you expect light and breezy, but it's actually pretty mature and well thought out lyrics that gets your attention, even with the soothing acoustic guitar, the lyrics are pretty serious like "Midnight Bottle" about subduing one's loneliness with a drink(she was 22 at the recording of this CD) or moving away from a bad relationship in "Battle."
1121;9;But then there are fun upbeat songs like Bubbly and Feelings Show.
1121;10;It's not a high-flown, flowery expression of romantic love but a woman's honest declaration of her feelings for her love--and it's all the more wonderful for it.
1151;1;MK plays with a range of different emotions, and gets down having fun in doing so.
1151;2;Rich story telling with gorgeous musical accompaniment -- easily discernible that the artist is well read and an observer of life.
1151;3;Knopfler's new record is so good it's hard to believe.
1151;4;Rich story telling with gorgeous musical accompaniment -- easily discernible that the artist is well read and an observer of life.
1151;5;Rich story telling with gorgeous musical accompaniment -- easily discernible that the artist is well read and an observer of life.
1151;6;You probably know already that Knopfler's guitar work is genius perfected...The mix is clear and clean.
1151;7;Rich story telling with gorgeous musical accompaniment -- easily discernible that the artist is well read and an observer of life.
1151;8;The lyrics are so poignant that they struck a special chord deep inside me.
1151;9;MK plays with a range of different emotions, and gets down having fun in doing so.
1151;10;Great music, this album is a little different but I love it.
1150;1;In relapse he sounds like he is having fun and is happy.
1150;2;And near the end, there's even some fairly positive and optimistic stuff, like "You're Beautiful."
1150;3;This is as good as his classic "Marshall Mathers LP" or "The Eminem Show".
1150;4;And near the end, there's even some fairly positive and optimistic stuff, like "You're Beautiful."
1150;5;I love it...Eminem . . . if you read this . . . don't you think I maybe deserve an autographed Relapse for working ever so hard on this review and shining a bright light on the strengths of this, your latest and heavily contested album?
1150;6;And near the end, there's even some fairly positive and optimistic stuff, like "You're Beautiful."
1150;7;And near the end, there's even some fairly positive and optimistic stuff, like "You're Beautiful."
1150;8;Indeed, "Insane" feels like Eminem's Rosetta Stone, unlocking the meaning of all the perplexing homicidal homophobe persona with lyrics that somehow make scenes of childhood incest both hilarious and horribly believable.
1150;9;EMINEM makes fun of himself and the entire world over top-notch beats by West Coast legend Dr. Dre.
1150;10;How people can give this record 1 or 2 stars is beyond me...If you're really an Eminem fan, I think you've gotta love this album...True, he revisits some of the old subjects (his mother, Christopher Reeves, homosexuals, etc).
1149;1;Christmas songs should be fun and happy and that's what this CD brings to your home.
1149;2;It was the very first Christmas album that got played when Christmas rolled around.
1149;3;This product shipped on time & in good condition.
1149;4;It was the very first Christmas album that got played when Christmas rolled around.
1149;5;If you have read my reviews of other Christmas music, you know that I am a big fan of traditional Christmas music done in a traditional way.
1149;6;Christmas songs should be fun and happy and that's what this CD brings to your home.
1149;7;It was the very first Christmas album that got played when Christmas rolled around.
1149;8;It was the very first Christmas album that got played when Christmas rolled around.
1149;9;This is great for family get togethers, party's, decorating the tree, whatever you feel an upbeat Christmas album is suited for.
1149;10;I guess you could say I LOVE this album because it brings back so many happy memories.
1148;1;"That's The Way Of The World" is a classic about love that just about anyone can appreciate
1148;2;Check out the final track,  "See The Light": it's Philip's gosphel falsetto at his best, and  an incredibly uplifting song that boosts your spirits on a bad day.
1148;3;"That's The Way Of The World" is a classic about love that just about anyone can appreciate
1148;4;"That's The Way Of The World" begins with a beautiful musical flourish that sports a R&B/easy listening flavor
1148;5;Aspiring artists would do well do study their work
1148;6;In addition, this CD features extra bonus tracks that show us what certain songs sounded like before the group polished them.
1148;7;In addition, this CD features extra bonus tracks that show us what certain songs sounded like before the group polished them.
1148;8;"That's The Way Of The World" is a classic about love that just about anyone can appreciate
1148;9;"Africano" sports an African-American flavor to it with flutes that bolster the melody
1148;10;"That's The Way Of The World" is a classic about love that just about anyone can appreciate
1147;1;The rest of the set is equally good, I particularly liked the harmonies on "La Do Da".
1147;2;Journey would go into more of a pop/rock direction on their follow-up effort "Evolution" which wasn't necessarily a bad thing but "Infinity" has all of the elements necessary to be considered a classic cd.
1147;3;The rest of the set is equally good, I particularly liked the harmonies on "La Do Da".
1147;4;My  particular favorite track on this one is "Winds of March-"  eloquent and powerful- not what you'd expect, but as you listen to Journey,  not just the "top 40" songs by Journey, you will see a  wonderfully broad range and depth that will keep the listener forever  coming back again and again to revisit the magic.
1147;5;My  particular favorite track on this one is "Winds of March-"  eloquent and powerful- not what you'd expect, but as you listen to Journey,  not just the "top 40" songs by Journey, you will see a  wonderfully broad range and depth that will keep the listener forever  coming back again and again to revisit the magic.
1147;6;and the Rockin music of Caine,and the other founding member just bring home the performace.
1147;7;Great song, I love the beat and the drive it has...Opened the Door- I'm all for ballads but this is one too many and it's too boring...I don't really care for this one...Verdict- This is the perfect album to begin your JOURNEY.
1147;8;Steve Perry had come aboard, the sound of the band had changed, and the feel of the music was larger, with a great deal more emotion.
1147;9;My  particular favorite track on this one is "Winds of March-"  eloquent and powerful- not what you'd expect, but as you listen to Journey,  not just the "top 40" songs by Journey, you will see a  wonderfully broad range and depth that will keep the listener forever  coming back again and again to revisit the magic.
1147;10;"Opened the Door" finishes the CD off with a Steve Perry love ballad.
1146;1;I was happy with this album for the "luckiest" alone, but almost all of the tracks are good.
1146;2;The reason why this is a classic album is that, for one thing every song is great (track twelve is the only one I tend to skip over), secondly the lyrical content speaks intimately of ordinary American people with ordinary problems, and thirdly it has a diversity in the kind of songs included - humorous, emotional sad songs, love songs, songs of loss, and growing older - but somehow they all fit together wonderfully.
1146;3;The rest of the songs are very good, each one with its own unique strengths and rewards.
1146;4;The thing I love the most about Folds is the range of emotion he puts into his music.
1146;5;Folds may be the best of the piano men this side of Elton John, but he has an axe to grind, a culture to send up, and characters to study, although with compassion.
1146;6;The thing I love the most about Folds is the range of emotion he puts into his music.
1146;7;His piano driven style leaves me breathless.
1146;8;The thing I love the most about Folds is the range of emotion he puts into his music.
1146;9;This album takes a little bit from each previous BFF album, mixes it up, and splurts it out into a fun 50 minutes of playtime.
1146;10;The thing I love the most about Folds is the range of emotion he puts into his music.
1145;1;good to know Bob get's his belt buckles at this site
1145;2;So this review is coming from a true Dylanologist here...The album that made me a Dylan fan was 'Infidels.'
1145;3;good to know Bob get's his belt buckles at this site
1145;4;So this review is coming from a true Dylanologist here...The album that made me a Dylan fan was 'Infidels.'
1145;5;The band on that record is tight as well, featuring Taylor, Ian McLagan (of The Small Faces/Faces) on keyboards, Colin Allen on drums (of the band Focus), as well as featuring Carlos Santana as a guest guitarist on some tracks.
1145;6;but still has that something that grabs a listener and brings his words home.
1145;7;He has Sly and Dunbar and bass and percussion giving the whole album a certain hard driving vibe.
1145;8;'Don't Fall Apart on Me Tonight' contains some of Dylan's best lyrics that he wrote in the 1980s, and his harmonica playing here is especially stellar and emotional.
1145;9;Zimmy having some fun with friends in Malibu.
1145;10;The album ends with "Don't Fall Apart On Me Tonight", a beautiful and hopeful love song that may be out of place lyrically from the grittiness of the rest of the record but it is still a nice ballad that brings the album to a satisfying close...A controversy surrounding the album is a few great songs were left off of it, one of them being the brilliant "Blind Willie McTell" which was later released on The Bootleg Series Vol.
1144;1;The great hits "Mississippi Queen" and "Theme from an Imaginary Western" are reason enough to buy this disc but the rest of the album is just as good.
1144;2;I kinda considered it to be "junk rock," where the music was too self-indulgent and lacked creativity from their 60's predecessors (i.e. Hendrix, Santana, Cream, The Byrds, Buffalo Springfield, The Beach Boys even, you get the point).
1144;3;The great hits "Mississippi Queen" and "Theme from an Imaginary Western" are reason enough to buy this disc but the rest of the album is just as good.
1144;4;I kinda considered it to be "junk rock," where the music was too self-indulgent and lacked creativity from their 60's predecessors (i.e. Hendrix, Santana, Cream, The Byrds, Buffalo Springfield, The Beach Boys even, you get the point).
1144;5;I kinda considered it to be "junk rock," where the music was too self-indulgent and lacked creativity from their 60's predecessors (i.e. Hendrix, Santana, Cream, The Byrds, Buffalo Springfield, The Beach Boys even, you get the point).
1144;6;I kinda considered it to be "junk rock," where the music was too self-indulgent and lacked creativity from their 60's predecessors (i.e. Hendrix, Santana, Cream, The Byrds, Buffalo Springfield, The Beach Boys even, you get the point).
1144;7;I kinda considered it to be "junk rock," where the music was too self-indulgent and lacked creativity from their 60's predecessors (i.e. Hendrix, Santana, Cream, The Byrds, Buffalo Springfield, The Beach Boys even, you get the point).
1144;8;I kinda considered it to be "junk rock," where the music was too self-indulgent and lacked creativity from their 60's predecessors (i.e. Hendrix, Santana, Cream, The Byrds, Buffalo Springfield, The Beach Boys even, you get the point).
1144;9;I kinda considered it to be "junk rock," where the music was too self-indulgent and lacked creativity from their 60's predecessors (i.e. Hendrix, Santana, Cream, The Byrds, Buffalo Springfield, The Beach Boys even, you get the point).
1144;10;My kids love it too and we needed to own this again.
1143;1;It is creative, and the musicianship is very good.
1143;2;I loved this so much that I purchased one for a friend.
1143;3;It is creative, and the musicianship is very good.
1143;4;I loved this so much that I purchased one for a friend.
1143;5;I loved this so much that I purchased one for a friend.
1143;6;I loved this so much that I purchased one for a friend.
1143;7;I loved this so much that I purchased one for a friend.
1143;8;The lyrics are creative and I like the honesty behind the songs.
1143;9;The lyrics are meaning and not predictable, the grooves are bluesy, rock-a-billy, danceable and just plain fun.
1143;10;I loved this so much that I purchased one for a friend.
1142;1;Guitars turned down is a good things here.
1142;2;Wilco made a truly timeless album in sky blue sky.
1142;3;This is a great album and frankly there is not a bad song on here.
1142;4;The band delivers solid arrangements highlighting Nels Cline's agile, if a little emotionally cool guitar workouts (most notably IMPOSSIBLE GERMANY).
1142;5;He's focused on the song...And he's writing great songs filled with beatlesque flourishes and some simply incandescent guitar flashes that add touches to his music with so much more depth than the Arc Weld Neil Young flashes on A Ghost is Born...Lyrically, he's always shined and there are subtle lines in this one as great as any he's written...A ceiling fan is on.
1142;6;His restrained approach breeds great life into the music...Sky Blue Sky is one album that breaches genres finding a niche in every collection offering it a home.
1142;7;This will be a great album to listen to on those long weekend night drives from Chicago to Wisconsin.
1142;8;One of the best musically arranged with the most from the heartfelt lyrics album you will ever have the pleasure of hearing.
1142;9;One of the best musically arranged with the most from the heartfelt lyrics album you will ever have the pleasure of hearing.
1142;10;Once again the band I love is back to playing great songs.
1141;1;Granted, Lou Reed abandoned all the things that made the old Velvet Underground what it was, but this is a good straightahead rock record, full of fantastic songwriting, sarcasm, and brilliance...So what makes "Loaded" so good?
1141;2;But still a good tune.)
1141;3;But still a good tune.)
1141;4;But still a good tune.)
1141;5;But still a good tune.)
1141;6;But still a good tune.)
1141;7;But still a good tune.)
1141;8;The sheer brilliance of the lyrics...man it just takes me to another place.
1141;9;The alternate version of the album is a gem - more personal, intimate and quirky than the original...Amongst the rest (ie  the "bonus tracks") are 2 superb versions of Ocean, his best version of Satellie of Love, and the magnificent demo Love Makes You Feel Ten Feet Tall which contains elements of at least two later songs - have fun identifying them!
1141;10;It ALSO has some of the strangest, campiest songs  they ever put out, and a couple of my all-time favorite songs, Lonesome  Cowboy Bill and Who Loves the Sun (a goth anthem in disguise if I ever  heard one, lol).
1140;1;I enjoy his music and the soothing, subtle emotions of his words.
1140;2;This CD is awesome, the lyrics tug at your heart and make you feel the turmoil and pain he may be feeling in his personal life.
1140;3;The musical arrangements on this song are very good.
1140;4;The simple guitar chords that John plays on this song are beautiful.
1140;5;love battle studies by john mayer.
1140;6;The simple guitar chords that John plays on this song are beautiful.
1140;7;It is pleasant, creative and smooth -- great to listen to in the car.
1140;8;I love the lyrics, the guitars, and the emotion it evokes.
1140;9;Battle Studies finally merges all the aspects of Mayers growing career into one album that goes from pure fun and enjoyable music, to deeper songs and some very powerful and moving songs.
1140;10;This is a very romantic song that I love.
1139;1;The tunes on this soundtrack are extremely fun, terribly addictive and, in many cases, really, really good.
1139;2;Whether you like the movie or not,  you have to admit it has the greatest music you can find out there!
1139;3;Since then,I have heard every RHS Cast Album  imaginable
1139;4;Whether you like the movie or not,  you have to admit it has the greatest music you can find out there!
1139;5;Whether you like the movie or not,  you have to admit it has the greatest music you can find out there!
1139;6;The music is so much fun, and it has everything -- from extreeeeme rock 'n roll ("Sweet  Transvestite") to powerful ballads ("I'm Going Home").
1139;7;Then you have the sweet, harmonious songs too, the ones that really connect with your soul...It definitely helps to see the movie a few times, to understand the great visuals that go along with the song - but once you've got that down, play the CD in your car, while you do your chores, or while you're getting work done!
1139;8;If you look closely and listen  attentively to the lyrics, there is so much more to this movie than anyone  could ever see at first glance.
1139;9;Very fun to dance around and sing to.
1139;10;I really love singing back-up and Riff-Raff's verse in this song.
1138;1;This album is fantastic from start to finish and has been one of many fantastic albums of 2011 that I've enjoyed (I can't believe how good the music this year has been)...As I've listened to this album over the months, I think I find that it not being a concept album is actually a relief.
1138;2;Plus, anyone who can use "panoply" in a rock song is OK with me.
1138;3;This album is fantastic from start to finish and has been one of many fantastic albums of 2011 that I've enjoyed (I can't believe how good the music this year has been)...As I've listened to this album over the months, I think I find that it not being a concept album is actually a relief.
1138;4;Plus, anyone who can use "panoply" in a rock song is OK with me.
1138;5;A magnificent collaboration of songs eschewing R.E.M., the Police, Springsteen's the Stones' "Country Honk," Gram Parker, built around a vogue changing sessions -... Read cormac mccarthy!
1138;6;Plus, anyone who can use "panoply" in a rock song is OK with me.
1138;7;Bought this one about 3 weeks ago and it's been in my car stereo constantly since.
1138;8;It has its emotion and it isn't a fully joyous occasion, but I definitely love the feeling I have when listening to it and appreciate the change in mood.
1138;9;But instead I found a passionate band who likes to have fun and yet understands the appeal to fans of their entire catalog.
1138;10;I know a lot of people think this is a step in the wrong direction from the earlier stuff, but this is the first Decemberists album I've really loved, and I love practically ever note of it.
1137;1;if u wanna enjoy a good rock/hard rock/heavy metal then this cd is totally perfect.it has good guitar and funny and good lyrics.
1137;2;Good god 10/5 - Amazing song i love it heavy,emotinal the band comes together on this one.Mr rogers 5/5- also very good and very sad Jon talks about the raping again very sad............K@#*&!
1137;3;I'll say it once, this album is not as good, by a very long way, as their first, but it's worth getting.
1137;4;which is funny at the same time as it is disturbing.
1137;5;which is funny at the same time as it is disturbing.
1137;6;which is funny at the same time as it is disturbing.
1137;7;which is funny at the same time as it is disturbing.
1137;8;what is there to say about this album either people love it or hate it personally i love it in your face hardcore KoRn, one of there best here's my review below.Twist 5/5- great opening song impossible to hear what jon's saying ti'll i found the lyrics to it now i can understand a bit.Chi 5/5 - A favorite of mine amazing and heavy sad song.
1137;9;Wholly original and unique, Life Is Peachy will take you into dark depths, but always with a sense of fun and musicianship.
1137;10;I think that this album has less standout tracks than most of the others, but is much more consistent and plays better as a whole...Twist: I dunno what the hell this was about, mabye Jonathan was being throttled or something, but I love it to bits...10/10.
1136;1;Anyone who likes good music would enjoy this CD and DVD.
1136;2;I have all there DVD's and treasure each one.
1136;3;Good addition to your Celtic Women Collection.
1136;4;I have all there DVD's and treasure each one.
1136;5;I have all there DVD's and treasure each one.
1136;6;I have all there DVD's and treasure each one.
1136;7;They've definitely made me want to make the trip.
1136;8;I have all there DVD's and treasure each one.
1136;9;I have all there DVD's and treasure each one.
1136;10;As such, I love it.
1032;1;Kind of like most of the Prodigy catalog itself...'Narayan' is a good song, it's sort of 'out there' in the same vein as 'Mindfields,' but it's just not as much fun to listen to.
1032;2;Not a bad song by any stretch, just not as good...'Climbatize' is a very good song.
1032;3;Not a bad song by any stretch, just not as good...'Climbatize' is a very good song.
1032;4;One of my favorite electronic music albums of all time!
1032;5;One of my favorite electronic music albums of all time!
1032;6;Prodigy rocks the house as usual.
1032;7;Not to mention, now that I have a car with a 200-watt factory stereo, it sounds damn good played real loud with full bass.
1032;8;Keith "Kool Keith" Thornton provides the lyrics (ironically a founding member of Ultramegnetic MCs) and it's hip hop poetry.
1032;9;Kind of like most of the Prodigy catalog itself...'Narayan' is a good song, it's sort of 'out there' in the same vein as 'Mindfields,' but it's just not as much fun to listen to.
1032;10;The songs that are great here are really, really great, but I'm sort of left feeling like I have a couple of really great songs here, instead of a really great album.
1033;1;It's a fine song and a great ending to a fantastic album...It took me a very long time to warm up to Arthur (Or the Decline and Fall of the British Empire) as an album.
1033;2;You really sit there and actually *feel* what kind of emotions a soldier goes through during the heat of the moment, and this is thanks to some really spectacular lyrics..."Shangri-La" is another display of honest emotions backed up with memorable (and quite sad, might I add) vocal melodies.
1033;3;Dave does a lot of whooping an hollering in the background and every one seems to be having a good time making the record.
1033;4;It's a fine song and a great ending to a fantastic album...It took me a very long time to warm up to Arthur (Or the Decline and Fall of the British Empire) as an album.
1033;5;Released around the same time as "Tommy", "Arthur" is one heck of a study on the types of characters that inhabit Ray Davies' world, but aside from the pop crafting and endearing thoughts, The whole band swings, rocks and rolls, pops and knocks yur socks off.
1033;6;One represents a newer world, one free of repressive traditions of Britain, whereas the other represents the comforts of home and quiet virtues of steadfast humility and servitude.
1033;7;The album's production values are the finest to date, the songwriting and arrangements lush and assured, and a sense of driving purpose carried over from VGPS to create another lasting work of artistic vision.
1033;8;You really sit there and actually *feel* what kind of emotions a soldier goes through during the heat of the moment, and this is thanks to some really spectacular lyrics..."Shangri-La" is another display of honest emotions backed up with memorable (and quite sad, might I add) vocal melodies.
1033;9;"Yes Sir, No Sir" and "Mr. Churchill Says" poke fun at the military and political leaders of the two World Wars.
1033;10;But at least someone out there loves him for it.
1034;1;the entire album "different light" is very good, but you should get this instead because it has extra stuff like "hazy shade of winter" and "going to liverpool"  The bangles were very special and very fun to listen to, and if you get this you will enjoy it a lot.
1034;2;The Bangles were great, and highly influential...When they broke up, the music industry lost a great talent...that is sad, but it is happy that their music lives on.
1034;3;In Your Room is another fast paced song with a good drum beat throughout with good guitar sounds.
1034;4;This "Greatest Hits" is an awesome collection of what made The Bangles so great.
1034;5;"Walk Like An Egyptian" had a music video to go along with it but I remember focusing on this great song and it still sounds just right for dancing today!
1034;6;This "Greatest Hits" is an awesome collection of what made The Bangles so great.
1034;7;It's in my car's player, right now!
1034;8;If She Knew What She Wants has a good drum beat in the background with lyrics about a guy not knowing what his girl wants and if he did he would give it to her.
1034;9;The Bangles recorded a lot of upbeat, fun songs so did not always get the credit they deserved.
1034;10;'Eternal Flame' is quite possibly the most beautiful, romantic love ballad of all time.
1035;1;I enjoyed Train's last album quite a bit, but this album is good all the way through.
1035;2;"She's On Fire" is destined to be a Train classic, and probably the second single.
1035;3;It is EQUALLY good as "jupiter," if not better.
1035;4;"She's On Fire" is destined to be a Train classic, and probably the second single.
1035;5;"She's On Fire" is destined to be a Train classic, and probably the second single.
1035;6;Charlie Colin cooks up innovative bass lines that rival Chris Squire (of Yes).
1035;7;"She's On Fire" is destined to be a Train classic, and probably the second single.
1035;8;As with the title tune, the great strength of Train is that the music, lyrics, instrumentation and vocals all come together to communicate strong emotions such as longing, tenderness, and ideal love.
1035;9;It has great poetic lyrics about friendship and love, and piano, drums orchestra...real instruments!
1035;10;I loved Train since, Meet Virgina.
1036;1;Although the original is undoubtedly the best, Fear Factory's cover is impressive and really add their flavour to a classic Nirvana Grunge song...Overall "Archetype" is a fantastic effort and is just as good as "Soul Of A New Machine" and "Demanufacture."
1036;2;Byron Stroud ain't half bad at all, and fits in with the band perfectly...And as for the talented Raymond Herrera, his skillful drumming totally sounds more brutaly powerful than ever!
1036;3;Their new guitarist isn't quite as good or creative as dino, but he still keeps that fear factory sound, albeit with slightly less energy (on the track "drones", i count a grand total of 4 different chords).
1036;4;a great cd very much like demanufacture bye it.
1036;5;a great cd very much like demanufacture bye it.
1036;6;At the same time, it's a friggin' metal album, something you can blast while you're cleaning the house, working out or driving on the highway.
1036;7;At the same time, it's a friggin' metal album, something you can blast while you're cleaning the house, working out or driving on the highway.
1036;8;What favors such a position is the fact that "Archetype" borrows heavily from that album: the sound is very selective, and yet huge ("Bite the Hand that Bleeds", "Human Shields"), and Burton even managed to write some of his best and most provocative lyrics, including the mock-judgment of god's ambiguous and mysterious ways on "Default Judgement" (assuming god is TOTALLY in control, which to me, too, sounds like horse manure, man-made theology))...Burton is a very observant and witty social commentator.
1036;9;"Ascension" cools you off at the end with ambient soundscapes courtesy of Rhys Fulber, and the band gives us a fun cover of "School" by Nirvana as a bonus.
1036;10;Drama aside, this is a phenomenal, hard-driving album that doesnt pound you into total submission like a lot of hardcore albums do (I absolutely love Hatebreed, but by the time you finish a listen, you are exhausted), but balances its all-out assault on your senses with some fantastic melody and music.
1037;1;Buck Dharma (Donald Roeser) is as good as anybody, the great unknown guitar player...Again, if you are a fan of slow, plodding, loud "heavy metal", or don't have the intensity to enjoy, say, early Aerosmith, pass this one by.
1037;2;Tyranny and Mutation is a gloriously unique amalgamation of rock, metal, and some X-factor that only Blue Oyster Cult possesses.
1037;3;Brought back some good old memories.
1037;4;Glad I could get this item for a great price.
1037;5;While Buck Dharma throws out bluesy riffs and classic 70's sounding guitar solos, it's the rest of the band that keep the song tight and focused.
1037;6;So I picked up Tyranny and Mutation and brought it home as well.
1037;7;As strange as the title is, the tune is a piano/guitar driven number with a real uptempo feel and a stop/start section, it has some nice rave up moments.
1037;8;The musicianship is first rate and the lyrics and arrangements hold up incredibly well over the past 40+ years.
1037;9;Starting with a classic strum riff it just has a fun rave-up feel to it.
1037;10;Where as the first and third may have just a couple possible throw-away tracks, Tyranny & Mutation is solid from start to finish, and it begins to show the incredible talents of the band, and demonstrates what I love most about BOC: they are one of THE most creative and interesting bands out there!
1038;1;Buck Dharma (Donald Roeser) is as good as anybody, the great unknown guitar player...Again, if you are a fan of slow, plodding, loud "heavy metal", or don't have the intensity to enjoy, say, early Aerosmith, pass this one by.
1038;2;Tyranny and Mutation is a gloriously unique amalgamation of rock, metal, and some X-factor that only Blue Oyster Cult possesses.
1038;3;The vocal melodies are quite good as well.
1038;4;(Got a "D" in that class, btw.)
1038;5;While Buck Dharma throws out bluesy riffs and classic 70's sounding guitar solos, it's the rest of the band that keep the song tight and focused.
1038;6;So I picked up Tyranny and Mutation and brought it home as well.
1038;7;As strange as the title is, the tune is a piano/guitar driven number with a real uptempo feel and a stop/start section, it has some nice rave up moments.
1038;8;If you like lyrics, this has it.
1038;9;Through the years, there haven't been a whole lot of hard rock bands willing to go the extra mile and add some creativity to their music as a way to spice up the fun, but Tyranny and Mutation is an album full of interesting and flat out mind-boggling WEIRD musical ideas.
1038;10;Where as the first and third may have just a couple possible throw-away tracks, Tyranny & Mutation is solid from start to finish, and it begins to show the incredible talents of the band, and demonstrates what I love most about BOC: they are one of THE most creative and interesting bands out there!
1039;1;"Digsy's Dinner" is the most uplifting and happy song on the album.
1039;2;Noel Gallagher does a great job fitting the band's grungy britpop style as he is a very good singer and is definitely likable (he sounds a lot like The Beatles, but that's not really a bad thing, is it?)
1039;3;Noel Gallagher does a great job fitting the band's grungy britpop style as he is a very good singer and is definitely likable (he sounds a lot like The Beatles, but that's not really a bad thing, is it?)
1039;4;Repeat to yourself "Respect your elders" whilst I proclaim this the best album to come out of Britain in the 1990 's.
1039;5;"Cigarettes And Alcohol" has some rather poor lyrical content, but if you can get past this and focus on the brilliant guitar riffs then you might see it in a totally different light as one of the best songs on the album.
1039;6;Some of the greatest songs of the 90's have a home on this record.
1039;7;Supersonic is another driving, snarling, gem that, like many of the band's best songs, has silly lyrics but is ideal for screaming along with at parties or alone in the car.
1039;8;The lyrics of "Definitely Maybe" are simple, yet they are original, heartfelt, and more honest than anything out there.
1039;9;The aforementioned "Columbia" contains a rhythm and bounce that makes you want to dance.
1039;10;They also took a lot of heat for their musical influences, particularly for their love of the Beatles.
1024;1;Okay, I have no idea what some others heard or were smokin', but this is a fantastic album, perhaps the best one Buffett has ever done.
1024;2;Great lyrics, and something for everyone.
1024;3;Relax and spend a little time singing along because you will laugh and keep smiling after hearing them all...Makes life a bit more fun!
1024;4;Great lyrics, and something for everyone.
1024;5;Great lyrics, and something for everyone.
1024;6;Great lyrics, and something for everyone.
1024;7;Great lyrics, and something for everyone.
1024;8;Great lyrics, and something for everyone.
1024;9;Refreshing new songs added to the Buffett library of uplifting, imaginitive and fun stories.
1024;10;My wife is a true Parrot Head and loves to listen to Jimmy.
1025;1;The CD is really good.
1025;2;It's sad, but upbeat and easy and fun to sing along too.
1025;3;The CD is really good.
1025;4;This is a great CD.
1025;5;This is a great CD.
1025;6;This is a great CD.
1025;7;This is a great CD.
1025;8;It's sad, but upbeat and easy and fun to sing along too.
1025;9;It's sad, but upbeat and easy and fun to sing along too.
1025;10;Loved the cd and was happy to learn some of his songs.
1026;1;I'm so happy, thanks whoever had the idea of releasing it in good quality.
1026;2;Everything you know and love from Mike Patton.
1026;3;Good all the way through.
1026;4;Everything you know and love from Mike Patton.
1026;5;Everything you know and love from Mike Patton.
1026;6;when you listen to this, i suggest you listen to it in a nice clean room, by yourself or with the person you love, because i feel it is a very romantic sounding album.
1026;7;Everything you know and love from Mike Patton.
1026;8;Every one of them is a masterful blend of music and witty, often deep lyrics.
1026;9;Vanity Fair- It's always fun to hear Mr Bungle tackle a style that they haven't done before.
1026;10;when you listen to this, i suggest you listen to it in a nice clean room, by yourself or with the person you love, because i feel it is a very romantic sounding album.
1027;1;there's some of it included on Nelly's diverse,fun,thoughtful pop ride that is "Whoa Nelly!"
1027;2;The oft-kilter "Legend"-which fully embraces a Portguese/Latin.
1027;3;All in all it was pretty good.
1027;4;The oft-kilter "Legend"-which fully embraces a Portguese/Latin.
1027;5;The oft-kilter "Legend"-which fully embraces a Portguese/Latin.
1027;6;"Party" is also an unavoidable highlight, with more thoughtful (if not occasionally disturbing) lyrics ("Cleaning my dirty mind like a toilet/But it won't give in"), combined with mesmerising vocals & an easy-going beat...The best track, IMO, is "My Love Grows Deeper (Part 1)", where Nelly Furtado endlessly changes her vocals almost as much as the continuingly metamorphosing beat, while still being able to churn out deep, poetic lyrics...No matter how you look at it, "Whoa, Nelly!"
1027;7;Nelly Furtado is a very cute-yet-intensly bright young singer/songwriter/multi-intrusmentalist of Porteguese descent that mixes all types of music together:hip hop,pop,trip hop,techno,R&B,.
1027;8;This special, Limited UK Edition also features an Enhanced CD Section that has a Photo Gallery, Lyrics and the video to I'm Like A Bird...If I could, I would come up with a Top 5 List of my favourite tracks but they are all amazing that it's just too hard to choose from...This album is defintely a contender for the best album of 2001.
1027;9;there's some of it included on Nelly's diverse,fun,thoughtful pop ride that is "Whoa Nelly!"
1027;10;I love this song because it embraces Nelly's Latin.roots BUT still shows this that she can hold up there with the.Faiths and Marys of thw world.
1028;1;Very Happy with My purchase
1028;2;It is rock and roll, Christian style.
1028;3;If you like something with a strong beat and a good message, this is it.
1028;4;It is rock and roll, Christian style.
1028;5;It is rock and roll, Christian style.
1028;6;It is rock and roll, Christian style.
1028;7;It is rock and roll, Christian style.
1028;8;Another awesome album this one with a slightly different feel musically, but with amazing lyrics and vocals.
1028;9;It is rock and roll, Christian style.
1028;10;I really love their music, the band and their message.
1029;1;For those who are preoccupied by the "loudness wars", this CD has good dynamic range and sounds natural to me...With the audio critique out of the way, I can say that the whole CD is spectacular.
1029;2;He and Hal David wrote the songs, and Dionne was one of his go-to vocalists to deliver them.
1029;3;For those who are preoccupied by the "loudness wars", this CD has good dynamic range and sounds natural to me...With the audio critique out of the way, I can say that the whole CD is spectacular.
1029;4;He and Hal David wrote the songs, and Dionne was one of his go-to vocalists to deliver them.
1029;5;He and Hal David wrote the songs, and Dionne was one of his go-to vocalists to deliver them.
1029;6;There isn't a weak track on the whole album, but my favorites include "Walk on By", "Reach Out for Me", "Don't Make Me Over", "Anyone Who Had a Heart", and the lyrical gem "A House Is Not a Home".
1029;7;Makes your driving a joyful experience!
1029;8;Dionne's voice was a thing of wonder, adding just enough edge to the light-as-air lyrics and arrangements.
1029;9;'Alfie'...Her singing has a great upbeat light dance feeling .
1029;10;I remember her well and loved her songs.
1030;1;Sting Me and Remedy are fantastic but the rest of this disc is also great.
1030;2;He has the energy of early Robert Plant, early Steve Tyler and early Axel Rose.
1030;3;This is as good as any studio album the Allmans or Stones have ever released.
1030;4;He has the energy of early Robert Plant, early Steve Tyler and early Axel Rose.
1030;5;This CD is a smorgasbord of rich, spicy guitar tones, raw lead vocals, gospel-influenced female vocal backup, and lyrics that would have been perfectly at home in a Southern Gothic novel of the kind I had to read in school in order to get on the honor roll.
1030;6;This CD is a smorgasbord of rich, spicy guitar tones, raw lead vocals, gospel-influenced female vocal backup, and lyrics that would have been perfectly at home in a Southern Gothic novel of the kind I had to read in school in order to get on the honor roll.
1030;7;He has the energy of early Robert Plant, early Steve Tyler and early Axel Rose.
1030;8;The last song is actually a faithful and soulful cover of Bob Marley`s "Time Will Tell" with its poignant lyric, "Think you`re in heaven but you`re living in hell."
1030;9;He has the energy of early Robert Plant, early Steve Tyler and early Axel Rose.
1030;10;I love the stop-start tug of the guitars.
1031;1;There is a good cross-section of the music of the albums made by these 5 core members and should keep old and new fans happy.
1031;2;The Trojan's  are so cool with there sun glasses,and the bad moves while there Playing  with  the best band ever put together since The Beatles.
1031;3;Stevie and Lindsey's voices have never sounded so good  together.
1031;4;Stevie and Lindsey's voices have never sounded so good  together.
1031;5;Stevie and Lindsey's voices have never sounded so good  together.
1031;6;The standout on the album is the crowd pleasing hit that never made it on the classic "Rumours" album, a love song called "Silver Springs", which brought the house down at the taping and is still my all time favourite Mac Track.
1031;7;If you enjoyed this video you will enjoy this album in your car while driving.
1031;8;It shows true emotion from the live performance of the 1997 Reunion,in my opinion they have never sounded better!
1031;9;Don't Stop and You Make Loving Fun on  this album are better than the Rumours versions (honest!)
1031;10;And I love the new lyrics on rhiannon!
1049;1;There are some nice slow  jams to enjoy with some of the typical Chili Pepper sound.
1049;2;It is awesome and I highly recommend everyone to purchase this product!
1049;3;At the core this is why I think this album turned out so good.
1049;4;It is awesome and I highly recommend everyone to purchase this product!
1049;5;And only way I get to focus on the album is by listening to it with just me in my car or audio room.and this album is amazing!
1049;6;Turn Red is truly full-on Chili Peppers, and I jammed around in my house while that played.
1049;7;And only way I get to focus on the album is by listening to it with just me in my car or audio room.and this album is amazing!
1049;8;The lyrics to me are Anthony just singing about his dark times and the musical composition of the song is excellent as well.
1049;9;It's fun and it rocks!!!
1049;10;It's the Red Hot Chili Peppers, so I love it.
1048;1;But now that I can drop the tough pose, hey, their stuff was pretty good!
1048;2;It's a wonderful feeling getting all sentimental about music I thought I was too good for twenty years ago, but something deep inside me told me wasn't really so bad after all...Shame on me for being such a jerk.
1048;3;It's a wonderful feeling getting all sentimental about music I thought I was too good for twenty years ago, but something deep inside me told me wasn't really so bad after all...Shame on me for being such a jerk.
1048;4;So I sold it, and eventually replaced it with this new hits cd.
1048;5;So I sold it, and eventually replaced it with this new hits cd.
1048;6;So I sold it, and eventually replaced it with this new hits cd.
1048;7;So I sold it, and eventually replaced it with this new hits cd.
1048;8;It's a wonderful feeling getting all sentimental about music I thought I was too good for twenty years ago, but something deep inside me told me wasn't really so bad after all...Shame on me for being such a jerk.
1048;9;"Gypsy Road" is just plain and simple hard rockin' fun, to cruise to with the top down...Take, for instance, "Shake Me."
1048;10;Greatest hit is filled with classic hard rockin tracks and a great buy for anybody who loved the 80's /hair metal bands.
1051;1;If you like this genre of music you will enjoy this album.
1051;2;So you think OK Computer is genius?
1051;3;As for the last 2 tracks, just great in my opinion- the exiting of the forest, calm and at peace.
1051;4;So you think OK Computer is genius?
1051;5;Let us withdraw and leave most of our stimuli behind us and focus on what is inside and real.
1051;6;So you think OK Computer is genius?
1051;7;So you think OK Computer is genius?
1051;8;Thom's melodies and lyrics are infectious.
1051;9;It's sparky, weird, and a lot of fun to listen to.
1051;10;On this album I love all songs and listen to over and over again at work (bet my coworkers are glad I wear the head phones).
1050;1;And a good place to start a jazz or a Miles collection.
1050;2;The remastered version makes for an even clearer look at great art.
1050;3;And a good place to start a jazz or a Miles collection.
1050;4;The remastered version makes for an even clearer look at great art.
1050;5;His comps/arrangements (listen closely to both "Jeru" and "Venus de Milo), while obviously influenced by Evans' tutelage, demonstrate a deep study of -- and abiding respect for -- the musical idiom in which he chose to work.
1050;6;The remastered version makes for an even clearer look at great art.
1050;7;The remastered version makes for an even clearer look at great art.
1050;8;The remastered version makes for an even clearer look at great art.
1050;9;"Godchild" has a great theme because all the lower instruments play it making it a fun, playful track.
1050;10;And listening to and digging this music will up your "cool" factor a couple of notches.
1053;1;The Production for this Live record is just fantastic,even if you don't have the remastered version.
1053;2;Great for summer or any time you're feeling blue.
1053;3;The setlist is good but the sound of the record is excellent.
1053;4;Peart's jaw-dropping drum solo in the middle of the ferocious instrumental "YYZ" is absolutely superb
1053;5;Peart's jaw-dropping drum solo in the middle of the ferocious instrumental "YYZ" is absolutely superb
1053;6;Peart's jaw-dropping drum solo in the middle of the ferocious instrumental "YYZ" is absolutely superb
1053;7;The definative versions of Red Barchetta (with its wonderful warmth and Geddy's timeless spoken intro
1053;8;I've never heard anyone top since the energy, emotion, soul put into their guitar playing.
1053;9;Peart's jaw-dropping drum solo in the middle of the ferocious instrumental "YYZ" is absolutely superb
1053;10;I also love Lifeson's beautiful, classical acoustic number "Broon's Bane," which leads as a segue to the full-on assault of "The Trees."
1052;1;The guitar playing is brilliant and there are some genuinely good tunes there...But if you want to hear Yngwie's mission statement in a tight, inspired package, this is it.
1052;2;It was amazing to see this guy from the old and dusty Europe coming out with something so fantastic, so fresh, so unique, with an attitude SO BAD and so proud of his european roots!
1052;3;Basically It is relaxing to listen to as well as good driving music.
1052;4;Throughout both of these albums Yngwie does a fine job of balancing his indulgent, progressive inclinations with an impressive talent for writing concise, melodic metal songs.
1052;5;It makes great companion music to reading the Nibelungenlied or the Heimskringla.
1052;6;No other guitar player is this fast and this clean .
1052;7;Basically It is relaxing to listen to as well as good driving music.
1052;8;There is originality and spontanaeity in his style of soloing and he also delivers the emotion and feeling that so many of his critics say he lacks...The first two tracks on this album, 'Black Star,' and 'Far Beyond the Sun' showcase his amazing style, and would quickly become two of the most practiced and analyzed pieces for up-and-coming shred guitarists all around the world.
1052;9;Throughout both of these albums Yngwie does a fine job of balancing his indulgent, progressive inclinations with an impressive talent for writing concise, melodic metal songs.
1052;10;This album is so intense, and if you love great guitar players, this IS the CD to buy, because this IS where it all started and everyone just tried to follow from here.
1055;1;Just a very capturing beat mixed with the words and chorus may be annoying to some people, but I think its really good.
1055;2;Missing You - Another '80's sounding tune, simple beat and Fergie takes the lead again.
1055;3;Just a very capturing beat mixed with the words and chorus may be annoying to some people, but I think its really good.
1055;4;This is perfect for motivating yourself to clean your house and also as a soundtrack to your elliptical machine workout!!
1055;5;Missing You - Another '80's sounding tune, simple beat and Fergie takes the lead again.
1055;6;This is perfect for motivating yourself to clean your house and also as a soundtrack to your elliptical machine workout!!
1055;7;It is  particularly great for long drives.
1055;8;Anything BEP does is great the whole album makes you want to get up and dance, lyrics are easy to sing to, It os all about the energy of music!!!!!!!
1055;9;This is also a record inspired by the underground world of electro and rock-infused house music, and a world populated by raucous, all-night dance parties that are bubbling right now in every major city around the glodbe.
1055;10;After listening to it a couple of times, the songs are all very good...Boom Boom Pow - It is now overplayed, the beat is very basic, but its a good tune - 7/10.
1054;1;"Just A Boy"....a masterpiece...as-good-as "anything ever recorded" IMO..."The Oath" also very good.
1054;2;If you are a true blue Kiss fan you have to have this disc.
1054;3;"Just A Boy"....a masterpiece...as-good-as "anything ever recorded" IMO..."The Oath" also very good.
1054;4;Loved this when it came out, still do.
1054;5;Loved this when it came out, still do.
1054;6;Loved this when it came out, still do.
1054;7;Loved this when it came out, still do.
1054;8;I'm guessing this might have been planned for a chase scene..."I" has Gene and Paul trading off lyrics culmination in the chorus of "Now I believe in me
1054;9;As an adult looking back on it - I find most of Kiss's radio or party friendly hits - to be pure, unadulterated fun.
1054;10;Loved this when it came out, still do.
1041;1;:)  It is a great disc of fun music that I thoroughly enjoy.
1041;2;Gone- Two words that can describe this song: sad and beautiful.
1041;3;Then finish the day by listening to the feel good inspirational song of Do Your Thing, where the guys are asking if you're doing your thing.
1041;4;faves are: "the game is over", "the two of us", "gone", "tell me, tell me...baby", "up against the wall", "see right through you", "selfish", "just don't tell me that", and "something like you".
1041;5;faves are: "the game is over", "the two of us", "gone", "tell me, tell me...baby", "up against the wall", "see right through you", "selfish", "just don't tell me that", and "something like you".
1041;6;While listening to the CD you hear a mix of dance, pop, house, R&B and a mix of other smooth sounds on the ballads.
1041;7;Great to play anywhere, particularly while driving.
1041;8;Gone- Two words that can describe this song: sad and beautiful.
1041;9;All and all a great selection and a fun CD to listen and dance to......I highly recommend it to any NSYNC fan or pop music enthusiast.
1041;10;Girlfriend- Another song with a great message which is talking about someone who is being treated right by her boyfriend and how she should be with someone who appreciates her.
1040;1;The only noteable thing about this song is that it was on the "Buffy" (the movie) soundtrack...Ozzy is a genius because even though he isn't that good of a singer (even though I like him) he is always smart enough to make it up by writing great songs and surrounding himself with amazing musicians.
1040;2;Zombie Stop is an underrated song, I mean with all the great more known songs, this one is easily forgotten it's not so good but it's not so bad either.
1040;3;Zombie Stop is an underrated song, I mean with all the great more known songs, this one is easily forgotten it's not so good but it's not so bad either.
1040;4;Mama, I'm Coming Home 10/10- Ozzy biggest hit is very well written and has great lyrics.
1040;5;It was interesting reading the note on the back of the remastered version (with the two extra tracks, "Don't Blame Me" and "Party With the Animals") that Ozzy "...plays this album all the time and I still think it sounds really good."
1040;6;Next up, "Mama, I'm Coming Home" is a gorgeous acoustic-plucked ditty complete with a more melodic-than-usual solo and sweet-yet-never-sappy clean singing and almost poetic lyrics.
1040;7;Mama, I'm Coming Home 10/10- Ozzy biggest hit is very well written and has great lyrics.
1040;8;Mama, I'm Coming Home 10/10- Ozzy biggest hit is very well written and has great lyrics.
1040;9;Mama, I'm Coming Home 10/10- Ozzy biggest hit is very well written and has great lyrics.
1040;10;No matter what decade, his music is always widely cherished and loved by fans all over the world.
1043;1;It serves as both a good introduction and great summary of one of the most influential bands of the sixties.
1043;2;Great, great music that you can sing along too.
1043;3;It serves as both a good introduction and great summary of one of the most influential bands of the sixties.
1043;4;Great, great music that you can sing along too.
1043;5;Great, great music that you can sing along too.
1043;6;I loved the Beach Boys growing up and now I get to enjoy all the worlds favorites while dancing around and singing in my own home at a great price.
1043;7;Great, great music that you can sing along too.
1043;8;Great, great music that you can sing along too.
1043;9;I loved the Beach Boys growing up and now I get to enjoy all the worlds favorites while dancing around and singing in my own home at a great price.
1043;10;Love the beach boys songs in general.
1042;1;bought it Used (good as new--it said)--seems good so far --i am happy
1042;2;I just loved the seductive voice of Rod Stewart.
1042;3;"Do You Think I'm Sexy" is my favorite song in this compilation...  The abovementioend songs are only a sampler of the good tracks that are available on this collection of Rod Stewar's greatest hits.
1042;4;I just loved the seductive voice of Rod Stewart.
1042;5;I just loved the seductive voice of Rod Stewart.
1042;6;I just loved the seductive voice of Rod Stewart.
1042;7;He knows the notes to sing to drive the ladies wow.
1042;8;I just loved the seductive voice of Rod Stewart.
1042;9;His voice never gets old, every song is so unique and their all fun songs and their all classics.
1042;10;I just loved the seductive voice of Rod Stewart.
1045;1;If you like 80s music, or just good music in general, this disc is essential.
1045;2;This cd is for the casual fan, but it can also satisfy fans who want single versions of some of the more popular songs, such as "Need You Tonight."
1045;3;If you like 80s music, or just good music in general, this disc is essential.
1045;4;This cd is for the casual fan, but it can also satisfy fans who want single versions of some of the more popular songs, such as "Need You Tonight."
1045;5;This cd is for the casual fan, but it can also satisfy fans who want single versions of some of the more popular songs, such as "Need You Tonight."
1045;6;This cd is for the casual fan, but it can also satisfy fans who want single versions of some of the more popular songs, such as "Need You Tonight."
1045;7;This cd is for the casual fan, but it can also satisfy fans who want single versions of some of the more popular songs, such as "Need You Tonight."
1045;8;The cd comes with a nice thick booklet complete with lyrics and some photos.
1045;9;INXS blended rock, funk, blues, soul, and new wave dance styles over the years into memorable modern pop hits.
1045;10;I want to tell you that I got my package yesterday and I loved it I put this in my collection with all the others  this goes on computer to for my music.thanks a lot.
1044;1;Awesome cd with lots of good songs on this cd.
1044;2;Always great sound and best of the best up to date hits.
1044;3;Awesome cd with lots of good songs on this cd.
1044;4;Always great sound and best of the best up to date hits.
1044;5;Always great sound and best of the best up to date hits.
1044;6;I love that you can buy the "clean" version, and I like that it gives a wide variety of music.
1044;7;Always great sound and best of the best up to date hits.
1044;8;Always great sound and best of the best up to date hits.
1044;9;Now 53 is a perfect music collection to obtain because of the eclectic mix of music from the pop, dance, and rock music genres
1044;10;This one has Bruno Mars (love me some Bruno) and some other songs that I can sing along to.
1047;1;Very mellow and laid back with a lot of emotions, Secrets is a good night cap or the prelude to an evening with a companion.
1047;2;How Could An Angel Break My Heart (5/5)-the lyrics sound so sad and beautiful.
1047;3;The entire cd is good for any occasion whether it be relaxing, driving, or entertaining.
1047;4;This is Toni at her best.
1047;5;This is Toni at her best.
1047;6;Aftre the sultry seduction she had made out of staples from her debut album like You Mean The World To Me, the intimate Breathe Again, and Love Shoulda Brought You Home to just name a few, she had dominated stronger with the intaimate Secrets.
1047;7;The entire cd is good for any occasion whether it be relaxing, driving, or entertaining.
1047;8;How Could An Angel Break My Heart (5/5)-the lyrics sound so sad and beautiful.
1047;9;despite the lack of funky, dance tunes, secrets is still as sensual and sexy as the first one...1.
1047;10;I love this cd from Tony it's the only one I owe but it is still very good.
1046;1;Love Jon Anderson's voice and I am really enjoying this CD.
1046;2;Anderson was covering some ground from his near past, perhaps, and Vangelis was toying with ideas that would later be shown to a much bigger audience in a different context...Strong musically, the pieces are melodic and the vocals soar majestically, an excellent example of Jon Anderson at the height of his art.
1046;3;I've about 15 of these now and they're all universally brilliant - and in some cases (like here) - jaw-droppingly good...This is a dense multi-layered recording and needed the deftest of remasters - and this SHM-CD gives you just that.
1046;4;Anderson was covering some ground from his near past, perhaps, and Vangelis was toying with ideas that would later be shown to a much bigger audience in a different context...Strong musically, the pieces are melodic and the vocals soar majestically, an excellent example of Jon Anderson at the height of his art.
1046;5;Just finished reading the previous reviews, and as one who has claimed Yes as my favorite group of all time since early 1972, it does my heart good to see other people absolutely gushing in praise of this priceless recording.
1046;6;The use of musical textures is brilliant, and the sonic result astounding for a "home studio" release (I believe he recorded it in his home)...Put it on, listen with your headphones, turn the lights out, and chill out.
1046;7;All the above are unique, unlike the other, each a different trip to take.
1046;8;He relies on beautiful melodies, moving lyrics, and truly inspired arranging.
1046;9;Anderson was covering some ground from his near past, perhaps, and Vangelis was toying with ideas that would later be shown to a much bigger audience in a different context...Strong musically, the pieces are melodic and the vocals soar majestically, an excellent example of Jon Anderson at the height of his art.
1046;10;I liked the Classic Yes sound and as a result I love the sound on this album.
1066;1;Just as good as the Movie.
1066;2;One of my all time favorites.
1066;3;Just as good as the Movie.
1066;4;One of my all time favorites.
1066;5;One of my all time favorites.
1066;6;One of my all time favorites.
1066;7;This is wonderful car music for you and your tweens.
1066;8;One of my all time favorites.
1066;9;These tunes get me singing and dancing and it's just so much fun.
1066;10;loved the movie so i knew that i would love the CD.
1067;1;Bought as a gift, but the receiver is very happy and says this is a good CD.
1067;2;Thank you Fritz and the Tantrums, we may be we will be able to actually see you play live sometime :-) because I don't think they are too bad and Noelle is really talented with that lovely voice and very fashionable!
1067;3;There is not a single bad song on here, and the weaker songs (like track #9) are still good.
1067;4;Provided they make good choices with their fortune and fame, their talent will carry them far.
1067;5;Provided they make good choices with their fortune and fame, their talent will carry them far.
1067;6;love the song 'house on fire'.
1067;7;Provided they make good choices with their fortune and fame, their talent will carry them far.
1067;8;Very few albums have a succession of songs with wonderfully written lyrics.
1067;9;super band with fun, super music to sing with and dance to!!
1067;10;And love the sound they have.
1064;1;All three are straight up electric blues numbers
1064;2;Every song demonstrates the pure talent and heart of the man.
1064;3;All three are straight up electric blues numbers
1064;4;Every song demonstrates the pure talent and heart of the man.
1064;5;Every song demonstrates the pure talent and heart of the man.
1064;6;"Big Legged Woman" is marvelous (very different from Sonny Terry and Brownie McGee), and both "Long Distance" and "Feel Like Goin' Home" are poignant.
1064;7;Every song demonstrates the pure talent and heart of the man.
1064;8;Every song demonstrates the pure talent and heart of the man.
1064;9;Every song demonstrates the pure talent and heart of the man.
1064;10;I first heard this CD about 2 months ago, when my boyfriend came to visit and brought it with him.
1065;1;If Fripp is happy you know it's good!
1065;2;In a short space of time they manage to fill you up.
1065;3;At home on the turntable the most frightenly good musicians I'd heard since Jimi Hendrix came storming out of the speakers Like a rolling thunderclap in a summer storm that had snuck up on me, I stood back  awed by the intensity of what I was hearing.
1065;4;In a short space of time they manage to fill you up.
1065;5;It is interesting reading the press's coverage of  the supposed end of Crimson and than their reaction to the Return of the King.
1065;6;At home on the turntable the most frightenly good musicians I'd heard since Jimi Hendrix came storming out of the speakers Like a rolling thunderclap in a summer storm that had snuck up on me, I stood back  awed by the intensity of what I was hearing.
1065;7;Some highlights include the crazy bass driven "Elephant Talk," "Frame by Frame," the heavy rocker "Indiscipline," the atmospheric "The Sheltering Sky," and of course the title track "Discipline"..."Discipline" proves to be a truly unique gem in the world of progressive rock.
1065;8;The guitar tone during the "E" words of the lyrics alone makes the disc worth buying.
1065;9;The few videos on here are fun to watch, but nothing great.
1065;10;I still love old school punk.
1070;1;Hooked On Love has that Gospel feel that influences much rock n roll from the 60s and early 70s, a typical we got to have Love song and a very good one.
1070;2;IYC/CTH is one of rock n rolls classic songs and its simply a beautiful songs.
1070;3;Hooked On Love has that Gospel feel that influences much rock n roll from the 60s and early 70s, a typical we got to have Love song and a very good one.
1070;4;IYC/CTH is one of rock n rolls classic songs and its simply a beautiful songs.
1070;5;IYC/CTH is one of rock n rolls classic songs and its simply a beautiful songs.
1070;6;Aimless lady, and of course one of the best songs ever written Closer to home are the best on the album.
1070;7;Don and Mel's solid driving rhythm section with Mark Farner's articulate and dynamic vocals delivering mature lyrics, his trademark guitar sound and blusey riffs is most evident here and what put Closer To Home on the map with a lightning bolt.
1070;8;Now this "heavy Metal Band" is showing the ability to change and showing versatility and more sophisticated lyrics.
1070;9;Get it together is a fun (mostly) instrumental a nice grove provided by the rhythm section (Don & Mel) and some nice guitar chops at the end.
1070;10;I am now 60, and along with the righteous kick ass rock of "Sins A Good Man's Brother", I love the soulful harmonics and organ of  "Mean Mistreater", the catchy pop swing of "Aimless Lady", and of course the anthemic power and beauty of one of the most underrated songs of the 1970's, "I'm Your Captain (Closer To Home)...Proof positive that "rock critics" missed this particular boat 44 years ago.
1071;1;Lets get it on is a very good cd, Marvin put the work in on this cd, loved it...
1071;2;This song ends on quite a melancholic, reflective, and almost sad note...This is classic stuff, and a must for those who love Marvin Gaye, but come to think of it, most fans who love Marvin already own this album.
1071;3;Lets get it on is a very good cd, Marvin put the work in on this cd, loved it...
1071;4;This is the greatest love album ever.
1071;5;This is the greatest love album ever.
1071;6;This is as funky an album that you can have in your home.
1071;7;Nice party and driving music and the price was right.
1071;8;This song ends on quite a melancholic, reflective, and almost sad note...This is classic stuff, and a must for those who love Marvin Gaye, but come to think of it, most fans who love Marvin already own this album.
1071;9;Nice party and driving music and the price was right.
1071;10;This is the greatest love album ever.
1068;1;Lots of good piano stylings here and a real variety of material.
1068;2;That's not a bad thing...Of her CD's, I enjoy this one the most.
1068;3;Lots of good piano stylings here and a real variety of material.
1068;4;She does a wonderful rendition of "Boulevard of Broken Dreams".
1068;5;She does a wonderful rendition of "Boulevard of Broken Dreams".
1068;6;She does a wonderful rendition of "Boulevard of Broken Dreams".
1068;7;She does a wonderful rendition of "Boulevard of Broken Dreams".
1068;8;Krall seems able to transmit deep, true emotions as very few other female singers nowadays.
1068;9;From the first phrases of "Errand Girl for Rhythm," I  was grinning with the mischievous fun of it all.
1068;10;I lean to jazz - and love jazz piano.
1069;1;Very happy to enjoy the music whenever I want.
1069;2;Buy the Deluxe Version, as you get more songs, including some numbers from Cee Lo Green...The movie was superb, and the music is even better than that.
1069;3;So good - I think I will wear it out, I play it so much!
1069;4;Buy the Deluxe Version, as you get more songs, including some numbers from Cee Lo Green...The movie was superb, and the music is even better than that.
1069;5;Buy the Deluxe Version, as you get more songs, including some numbers from Cee Lo Green...The movie was superb, and the music is even better than that.
1069;6;Looked for the soundtrack as soon as I got home.
1069;7;Buy the Deluxe Version, as you get more songs, including some numbers from Cee Lo Green...The movie was superb, and the music is even better than that.
1069;8;Love the songs, lyrics, and the movie.
1069;9;I was not disappointed - it's a really fun listen and now I can't wait to pre-order the DVD.
1069;10;If you loved the movie as I did you will definitely love this soundtrack.
1058;1;I mean actually LISTEN to the music, its outstanding stuff...Common is developing quite the catalogue...Im happy there are artists out there that are still making good hip hop music.
1058;2;Quite simply Common delivers and hooking up with Kanye West wasn't a bad touch either.
1058;3;Quite simply Common delivers and hooking up with Kanye West wasn't a bad touch either.
1058;4;It's your World (Best Joint)
1058;5;What are you doing still reading go and get this album!
1058;6;On here Common sounds the most intense, perhaps in part because he's repping his home town ("What you rapping for?
1058;7;The incredible depth of sampling drives the track.
1058;8;#9 Real People (K.W.) :: Again, a jazz beat, it's a beat that you could listen to for hours without wanting to turn away, and Again, Common's lyrics flows perfectly with the music, it's a sad the song is only 2:48 long, but it's still a 5/5.
1058;9;The stylish dance track & 2nd single "Go" is a melodic gem, that has a stylish,interactive-like video being shown on BET.
1058;10;"love Is" is soulful and who could forget when Common & Kanye performed on the Dave Chappelle show and did the blazing cut "The Food" well, it's here, hot & live.
1059;1;I enjoy the simplicity of the lyrics in the song...The keyboard playing gives "Too Late" a happy tone that is pleasant to listen to.
1059;2;By the way, others have mentioned Best Buy has a package with an enhanced CD, if you want a little more you get 3 bonus tracks and a couple videos 'Blue Tip' and 'Sad song'.
1059;3;I see a New Wave revival coming...good stuff.
1059;4;Reuniting the original Cars lineup save for the the late Benjamin Orr, the Cars have recaptured their classic sound and released an album that their fans will love.
1059;5;Reuniting the original Cars lineup save for the the late Benjamin Orr, the Cars have recaptured their classic sound and released an album that their fans will love.
1059;6;Tight, clean, crisp, slick musicianship with todays technology make this work sound very dynamic.
1059;7;It's a little different than the old Cars releases - with driving beats and an overall more modern sound, but still has that quality feel that was a constant in all of their work.
1059;8;By the way, others have mentioned Best Buy has a package with an enhanced CD, if you want a little more you get 3 bonus tracks and a couple videos 'Blue Tip' and 'Sad song'.
1059;9;It just takes you back to a time when music was great, and lots of fun.
1059;10;"Soon" is a romantic tune that I love.
1056;1;I was happy to see a new album and pre-ordered it...I love this album.
1056;2;Great sounding cd from Jeff with that classic guitar sounds we are all used to hearing from him.
1056;3;It's just really, really good music.
1056;4;Great sounding cd from Jeff with that classic guitar sounds we are all used to hearing from him.
1056;5;I bought this album on the strength of reviews I'd read (and the fact that Beck appeared on the cover of Guitar Player a few weeks ago, forcing me to at least look at him, and read about his music).
1056;6;Maybe not what regular Beck fans are expecting, or care for, however, I'm new to the house and make no apology in saying I enjoyed every minute of the album.
1056;7;Great sounding cd from Jeff with that classic guitar sounds we are all used to hearing from him.
1056;8;This is an album that perfectly conveys emotion.
1056;9;Granted, there's little or none of the growling, showboating, 'fun' stuff, at least not in the obvious sense, but the soul, touch, & intelligence that make Beck special are evident in every note he plays here.
1056;10;I was happy to see a new album and pre-ordered it...I love this album.
1057;1;I bought a good many of them because some but not all I have in vinyl.
1057;2;My favorite Beatles album cover.
1057;3;I bought a good many of them because some but not all I have in vinyl.
1057;4;My favorite Beatles album cover.
1057;5;My favorite Beatles album cover.
1057;6;My favorite Beatles album cover.
1057;7;And I would listen with contemplation to the bouncy simplicity of "I Want to Hold Your Hand", the  driven intensity of " I Saw Her Standing There",  John's lead on "This Boy", which still had the trace of the 1950s -style in it's musical accompaniment, the lively, harmonious "It Won't Be Long", John's solemn lead on "All I've Got to Do", and the now-classic "All My Loving"  rounds out Side One.
1057;8;Then there's that hidden gem of John's, "All I've Got to Do", sung and played with a haunting undercurrent that compliments its lyric of subtle manipulation...Anything too polished sounding wouldn't be rock and roll.
1057;9;50 years later, this album is still a portrait of how lively and fun the Beatles were in their early years.
1057;10;What's really amazing to me is how many people half my age love the Beatles- I certainly can't imagine getting excited about 50 year old records (I suppose they'd be wax cylinders 
1062;1;It's fantastic, so keep it up Amazon!
1062;2;In my opinion there is not a bad song on this album...This is just part one of a two part album, so get this now and enjoy it while you wait for part two.
1062;3;Good rock and metal bands are a rare breed nowadays.
1062;4;This is defiantly a music lovers album.
1062;5;This is defiantly a music lovers album.
1062;6;This is defiantly a music lovers album.
1062;7;This is defiantly a music lovers album.
1062;8;A great vocalist, and the lyrics actually say something.
1062;9;This is defiantly a music lovers album.
1062;10;Great music and I've really come to love that Amazon CDs come with digital versions in your account
1063;1;Got this after hearing her soulful voice and I have enjoyed it, BUT...not as much as when she plays with Joe.
1063;2;The amazing thing about this artist is that she uses her pain and unabashedly shares it as a reminder that you can get through life's struggles.
1063;3;This is an unbelievably good album.
1063;4;Got this after hearing her soulful voice and I have enjoyed it, BUT...not as much as when she plays with Joe.
1063;5;Got this after hearing her soulful voice and I have enjoyed it, BUT...not as much as when she plays with Joe.
1063;6;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
1063;7;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
1063;8;From her vocal delivery (rapid-fire Vibrato) to soulful lyrics ... I was simultaneously moved and inspired.
1063;9;Got this after hearing her soulful voice and I have enjoyed it, BUT...not as much as when she plays with Joe.
1063;10;Beth is a very soulful singer and my wife and I love her music.
1060;1;But instead, I was pleasantly surpised: It was good rock and roll that I did enjoy with some subtle twists that made it more interesting.
1060;2;"Just Another" kind of has both a happy and sad feeling.
1060;3;He is also quite good.
1060;4;The music gently swims before you, lulling, tuneful and astute.
1060;5;He is a truly gifted songwriter.
1060;6;The wistful "Strange Condition," with it's Sunday morning coffee house ease.
1060;7;I bought this CD three weeks ago and have listened to this CD at least twice a day in my car since then.
1060;8;The album is full of heart felt lyrics and honest emotion, that you can tell, comes straight from his heart.
1060;9;It's a lot of fun searching and learning about this great artist known as Pete Yorn.
1060;10;Opening track ~ "LIFE IS A CHAIN", has the sunshine coming through (Big Time)...interesting arrangement, reminiscent of the early '60s, lyrics soak you up like a sponge, great effect...another stand out in my book is ~ "FOR NANCY('COS IT ALREADY IS)", non-stop pulsating tempo, with a sound and style free and unbounding, gotta love it!
1061;1;I grew up listening to this (had the vinyl) and enjoyed it so much, decided to have it again.
1061;2;His mellow voice, perfect pitch, and emotional performances bring every song to life.
1061;3;There are some good tunes on this CD.
1061;4;"The Second Time Around" sports another great arrangement for piano as Andy croons this ever so sweetly.
1061;5;His mellow voice, perfect pitch, and emotional performances bring every song to life.
1061;6;His mellow voice, perfect pitch, and emotional performances bring every song to life.
1061;7;His mellow voice, perfect pitch, and emotional performances bring every song to life.
1061;8;His mellow voice, perfect pitch, and emotional performances bring every song to life.
1061;9;His mellow voice, perfect pitch, and emotional performances bring every song to life.
1061;10;If you love Andy Williams, you will LOVE this.
1083;1;The best songs on the album are the best songs he ever made, such as "My Stars", which sounds like some kind of crazy drug trip, "Luney Tune" with its classic glam rock style that Alice was exceptionally good at (and a really good pleasant middle section along with some *fantastic* guitar playing), and "Alma Mater", which sounds like something Paul McCartney was doing around the time Let It Be was made.
1083;2;Finally they picked up on it and it blossomed into a trade mark hit of Alice Cooper...One of my favorite song from this album is "Blue Turk" a very bluesy tune that Alice's voice is in that Morrison tone...I love the brass and the bass line which the smell of cigarettes and whiskey come wafting through the speakers.
1083;3;So for all the people that say this was a weak follow-up to the previous two (three, actually, because Easy Action was pretty damn good), I say you need to put this album in perspective...This is a truly unique album, and only a precursor to the follow-up, Billion Dollar Babies, which pretty much blows the doors off anything else that was out there at the time.
1083;4;Alice Cooper is interesting, misunderstood, and hard to classify.
1083;5;Luney Tune kind of reminds me of this crazy book I read this summer.
1083;6;In addition to the terrific music, the original LP was housed in an album jacket that could fold into an actual school desk--and the record was not in a paper sleeve but a pair of pink women's underwear!
1083;7;The best songs on the album are the best songs he ever made, such as "My Stars", which sounds like some kind of crazy drug trip, "Luney Tune" with its classic glam rock style that Alice was exceptionally good at (and a really good pleasant middle section along with some *fantastic* guitar playing), and "Alma Mater", which sounds like something Paul McCartney was doing around the time Let It Be was made.
1083;8;The opening lyrics and the closing lyrics sound rebellious, but the middle line has more double entendres than a James Bond movie and pokes fun at people who do not go to school.
1083;9;The opening lyrics and the closing lyrics sound rebellious, but the middle line has more double entendres than a James Bond movie and pokes fun at people who do not go to school.
1083;10;From the first time I heard Schools Out I loved it, Even after all these years when I rediscovered the album a couple days I realized how good it was and why I love it so much, It's a killer album!
1082;1;Fantastic package for the price.
1082;2;It is too bad to read the reviews about bad/no sound on the DVD, that sucks...As for the DVD's with sound, this is a great show.
1082;3;It is too bad to read the reviews about bad/no sound on the DVD, that sucks...As for the DVD's with sound, this is a great show.
1082;4;From rocking tunes (Boys, Massacre, Emerald, Suicide) to ballads (Still in Love) back to Baby Drives my Crazy and ending with one of the best finale songs ever - Me and the Boys, you get a great workout.
1082;5;It is too bad to read the reviews about bad/no sound on the DVD, that sucks...As for the DVD's with sound, this is a great show.
1082;6;I got this CD because I heard a couple tracks over at a friend's house.
1082;7;From rocking tunes (Boys, Massacre, Emerald, Suicide) to ballads (Still in Love) back to Baby Drives my Crazy and ending with one of the best finale songs ever - Me and the Boys, you get a great workout.
1082;8;It is too bad to read the reviews about bad/no sound on the DVD, that sucks...As for the DVD's with sound, this is a great show.
1082;9;Talking about music is like dancing about architecture, and taste is subjective, but for my money Thin Lizzy was the greatest live overseas band I ever saw, and I saw them many, many times.
1082;10;From rocking tunes (Boys, Massacre, Emerald, Suicide) to ballads (Still in Love) back to Baby Drives my Crazy and ending with one of the best finale songs ever - Me and the Boys, you get a great workout.
1081;1;Having fun & enjoying there time together back then!
1081;2;A beautiful early demo of Nesmiths NINE TIMES BLUE shows up here as well.
1081;3;"You May Just Be The One" is good because of Mike Nesmith's strong vocals (I always thought he was the best singer in the group).
1081;4;What  resulted was HEADQUARTERS,a unique blend of rawness and beauty
1081;5;What  resulted was HEADQUARTERS,a unique blend of rawness and beauty
1081;6;What  resulted was HEADQUARTERS,a unique blend of rawness and beauty
1081;7;Some of these songs I hadn't heard in decades, but the words came back as I was driving along and singing along like I used to.
1081;8;With the lyrics,"We were born to love one another.
1081;9;Having fun & enjoying there time together back then!
1081;10;The summer of love in 1967 was just around the corner.
1080;1;My father had to spend some time in hospital and he doesn't watch much TV so I bought him music he would like listening to and he enjoyed this CD very much.
1080;2;Another of the great crooners!
1080;3;Good to hear the old traditional songs.
1080;4;Another of the great crooners!
1080;5;Another of the great crooners!
1080;6;Another of the great crooners!
1080;7;I use it in my car and it is very calming to listen to in the background as I drive.
1080;8;Another of the great crooners!
1080;9;Another of the great crooners!
1080;10;always love Andy Williams music ....came fast and in great condition !
1087;1;The booklet has good notes about the making of the film and a detailed synopsis (though at this point most everyone knows the story!)
1087;2;It has such beautiful music and has such a sad ending.
1087;3;The booklet has good notes about the making of the film and a detailed synopsis (though at this point most everyone knows the story!)
1087;4;The "Dance at the Gym" track is  alone worth the cost of the CD.
1087;5;The Original Broadway cast is still a must since it captures the show when it was fresh and new even if some of the voices, the shark girls especially, are not the best.
1087;6;The Original Broadway cast is still a must since it captures the show when it was fresh and new even if some of the voices, the shark girls especially, are not the best.
1087;7;All of Bernstein's superb sound made the trip intact--Gershwin: The Next Generation.
1087;8;The film of WEST SIDE STORY is remarkably faithful to the original Broadway production, dropping the "Somehwere" Ballet but otherwise retaining all the songs (with a few minor interior trims, and a much sharper lyric written by Stephen Sondheim for "America.")
1087;9;It was precisely the sort of thing that made Lenny a figure of fun with the likes of Tom Wolfe.
1087;10;"Cool" is much jazzier, and "A Boy Like That" has a  dynamic arrangement, much stronger than the Broadway version, that really  works wonders with the song, but the wonderful part where Anita's "A  Boy Like That" is sung simultaneously with Maria's "I Have a  Love" is cut--a big mistake.
1086;1;Her songs are great and she's a fun entertainer...This cd has some fantastic songs on it.
1086;2;This edition, even has a couple of bonus tracks: "Dr. Beat" and the fun "Bad Boy" remix.
1086;3;I love both and that's what makes this a great cd - the fact that there is a good mix...One of her best songs ever (in my mind) is When I See You Smile.
1086;4;Great music to workout to or just to enjoy and fits any mood - her voice is just classic and wonderful.
1086;5;That's a stunning ballad and it's my favourite of hers.
1086;6;What is here is first-rate, of course, and even all the new cuts are keepers: the inspirational "Always Tomorrow" was a minor hit and came out around the time that Hurricane Andrew devastated Gloria's home base of south Florida, leading many to adopt it and the earlier "Coming Out Of The Dark" as anthems.
1086;7;This is a fun trip back.
1086;8;It is deeply felt and inspirational, and quite appropriately, concludes this most fantastic collection of music, which covered not only many years of our lives, but the emotions we felt along the journey...The liner notes, in addition to containing the lyrics to all the songs, have some wonderful pictures of Gloria.
1086;9;And "Go Away" is a fun dance tune the likes of which only Gloria can do - a bit nonsensical, but still lots of fun.
1086;10;I love both and that's what makes this a great cd - the fact that there is a good mix...One of her best songs ever (in my mind) is When I See You Smile.
1085;1;Havest Moon is pretty good, Harvest is excellent, and Comes A Time is equally good.
1085;2;It's a great album for driving at night, because you keep yourself awake singing every track (no matter how bad your voice is)...This album is evidence of how amazing the early 70s were.
1085;3;Havest Moon is pretty good, Harvest is excellent, and Comes A Time is equally good.
1085;4;The songs' lyrics are well-written, poignant, and very moving.
1085;5;And if you read the liner notes carefully, you'll spot one or two interesting guests (notably J.J. Cale)...There weren't any 'hits' from this album, but I think it's one of Neil's most consistent efforts.
1085;6;The songs' lyrics are well-written, poignant, and very moving.
1085;7;It's a great album for driving at night, because you keep yourself awake singing every track (no matter how bad your voice is)...This album is evidence of how amazing the early 70s were.
1085;8;The songs' lyrics are well-written, poignant, and very moving.
1085;9;The songs' lyrics are well-written, poignant, and very moving.
1085;10;Crazy Horse appear on a couple tracks, and Nicolette Larson does wonderful, gorgeous back-up vocals harmonizing with Neil.
1084;1;The Bare Trees album is great , if you are a true Fleetwood Mac fan just buy it and enjoy .
1084;2;Every time I listen there's something new to hear.
1084;3;This is a very good record.
1084;4;Every time I listen there's something new to hear.
1084;5;Every time I listen there's something new to hear.
1084;6;Every time I listen there's something new to hear.
1084;7;I also loved "Little Child of Mine" a hard driving blues song.
1084;8;The gentle and totally sincere verse melody ALWAYS comes to mind throughout the day, and the feeling of devastation behind the beauty of the vocal melody and lyrics is something that can't be ignored.
1084;9;Every time I listen there's something new to hear.
1084;10;Christine McVie's two songs here are the equal of her best material from Fleetwood Mac and Rumors...And....I love the album cover.
1075;1;Anyone who liked "Wind and Wuthering" would enjoy this album, it's as good as any of the previous post-Gabriel era releases.
1075;2;The whole feel to this album just sweeps me away, and the  band's musicianship, with Tony Banks' dreamy, lush keyboard work leading  the way, is top-notch, too.
1075;3;Tony Banks' "Burning  Rope" is a good enough reason for you to purchase this recording.
1075;4;The whole feel to this album just sweeps me away, and the  band's musicianship, with Tony Banks' dreamy, lush keyboard work leading  the way, is top-notch, too.
1075;5;"ATTW3" finds Genesis blending the prog-rock they  had been previously known for with the pop music that they would focus on  in later recordings, and the combination works quite well in this case.
1075;6;The album closer "Follow You Follow Me" was an unexpected hit and would foreshadow the band's evolution to a more commercial, mainstream sound on subsequent albums...As to the DVD, it first brings the album in a terrific 5.1 surround system, and it sounds fantastic if you have the proper home music set-up (which I do).
1075;7;That's how I approach it: from the first to the last note it's a highly emotional trip I'm willing to take any time.
1075;8;Great melody, inspiring lyrics, and nice changes make this song a favorite.
1075;9;Ironically, "Ballad of Big" is an upbeat track as is the fun, and one of my favorites, "Scenes From a Night's Dream" about a boy named Nimo who eats too much before sleeping and has wild fantasies.
1075;10;"Follow You Follow Me" was the single (one of the first "romantic" Genesis songs that attracted a female audience) but that is as "pop" as this album gets.
1074;1;This band can do very good music.
1074;2;I got this on vinyl and once in a while you get a bad quality recording when you get a reprint of an LP like this, but the quality here is perfect.
1074;3;This band can do very good music.
1074;4;And the rest, they say...is history!
1074;5;And the rest, they say...is history!
1074;6;"Captain Howdy" is powerful in its imagery of a killer who lures children to his home of doom.
1074;7;And the rest, they say...is history!
1074;8;Funny lyrics though and played perfectly.
1074;9;This is such a fun album.
1074;10;God I love solos and this album is rich in solos and you won't regret buying this product.
1073;1;I downloaded the albumn and have really enjoyed the songs and the quality of the sound.
1073;2;I highly recommend this for lovers and singles.
1073;3;She is just that deep and that good.
1073;4;I highly recommend this for lovers and singles.
1073;5;Hope you enjoyed reading it!
1073;6;I highly recommend this for lovers and singles.
1073;7;great album nice to  listen to while driving
1073;8;Her writing of music and lyrics are so involving and moving.
1073;9;It's a fantastic dance song..."Making Love" is a strangely peaceful tune.
1073;10;Her songs are very romantic and I love them.
1072;1;A lot of people bitch about that horns but it's good stuff!!!
1072;2;This album has receive in the past and still to this day a lot of negative feedback.
1072;3;A lot of people bitch about that horns but it's good stuff!!!
1072;4;It remains one of my favorites after all these years.
1072;5;The main focus is of course on the songwriting, which is really JUST as good as it has always been (since the debut)...Every song entertains me and I'm really glad I can listen to this album over and over and continue to get a huge amount of enjoyment out of it every time.
1072;6;I loved the mp3 immediate download before the cd got to the house.
1072;7;The nine minute Soft Parade could've easily fit on Sgt. Pepper..."this is the best part of the trip I really like, proud to be a part of this number"...Soft Parade.
1072;8;Morrison's lyrics are brilliant as always and the music that surrounds them has stood the test of time.
1072;9;Push Push is a nice, groovy little musical number that makes you want to get up and dance around the room.
1072;10;Amazing album you'll love it!
1079;1;His voice is like a good old wine, it is fantastic to hear him still in the new millennium.
1079;2;Well the whole album is great the sad thing is if I am correct this was the last album of the former Journey.
1079;3;Anything Journey puts out it is always good to me.
1079;4;Second this album sports incredible contributions from all the guys in the band, Schon and Cain for example are at the top of their game.
1079;5;The album is filled with great rockers that emulate the "Escape" album, very edgy tunes that are reminescent of "Frontiers," and beautifully written ballads that demonstrate that Journey still has a sentimental side...Sometimes Journey focuses more on the music and the lyrics tend to suffer, but that's not the case here.
1079;6;It is a mature album with so many great songs that have some much meaning attached to each song.
1079;7;I enjoy Journey's music most of all while traveling to and from work in my car.
1079;8;The songs make you feel sad, happy, and all the emotions of a great Journey album with all the variety and twists and turns of great songwriting.
1079;9;There are not many 80's bands that can break up then reform ten years later and release a very successful comeback album in a music world dominated by rap and dance pop, and even fewer that could make that album the best of their career.
1079;10;At first I really only loved "When You Love a Woman", but then I really listened to the rest of the album, I realized how great the album really was.
1078;1;QOTSA is BACK, and now we can all have fun again.
1078;2;...Like Clockwork is far more creative and playful.
1078;3;Helped my awakening, good job guys
1078;4;...Like Clockwork is far more creative and playful.
1078;5;I was really pleased with Them Crooked Vultures, but I am delighted to get back to a fully focused QOTSA album...This album is pure QOTSA.
1078;6;Homme is at home doing his own thing and ...Like Clockwork is a successfully avant garde offering.
1078;7;As driving, as dissonant and yet coherent, as varied in pace in tone and as freakin awesome as any QOTS album so far, but different.
1078;8;Hear it, then find the lyrics, then watch the videos.
1078;9;QOTSA is BACK, and now we can all have fun again.
1078;10;It contains the best experimental efforts of an art-rock album coupled with Homme's hard-rock genius and technical precision.
1077;1;All of the oddball stuff, such as Stewart Copeland's songs and Andy Summer's songs have a lot of humor to them and are gems in their own right and are good to listen to after you've listened to Every Breath you Take for the millioneth time.
1077;2;And Behind My Camel (a Grammy winning instrumental) goes on for too long with the same idea repeated continuously (the idea itself isn't bad, it's just the track should have been about a minute shorter)...But the band's albums were amazingly consistent, and each contains songs that well worth listening to, even beyond the familiar radio hits.
1077;3;All of the oddball stuff, such as Stewart Copeland's songs and Andy Summer's songs have a lot of humor to them and are gems in their own right and are good to listen to after you've listened to Every Breath you Take for the millioneth time.
1077;4;All of the oddball stuff, such as Stewart Copeland's songs and Andy Summer's songs have a lot of humor to them and are gems in their own right and are good to listen to after you've listened to Every Breath you Take for the millioneth time.
1077;5;All of the oddball stuff, such as Stewart Copeland's songs and Andy Summer's songs have a lot of humor to them and are gems in their own right and are good to listen to after you've listened to Every Breath you Take for the millioneth time.
1077;6;All of the oddball stuff, such as Stewart Copeland's songs and Andy Summer's songs have a lot of humor to them and are gems in their own right and are good to listen to after you've listened to Every Breath you Take for the millioneth time.
1077;7;The music they've conjured was absolutely amazing, and just delivers to each and every way the trip from England had conjured.
1077;8;Everytime I come back to these records I feel the same excitement, the same emotions, the same sense of enjoing an immense art discovery.
1077;9;But,most importantly the music is a lot of fun and ROCKS!!!
1077;10;I love The Police and this is the definitive collection.
1076;1;Whatever it is it seems like a fairly good line for Neil Pert.
1076;2;I feel 'Half the World' is one of them.
1076;3;Whatever it is it seems like a fairly good line for Neil Pert.
1076;4;I feel 'Half the World' is one of them.
1076;5;I feel 'Half the World' is one of them.
1076;6;I feel 'Half the World' is one of them.
1076;7;The opening, driving riff on TEST FOR ECHO got my blood going right away.
1076;8;There are few songs worth being played just for the lyrics they contain.
1076;9;The next thing I knew I loved it, and realized how much energy, power, and fun there was behind each piece.
1076;10;I purchased this album as a gift for a super Rush fan, he LOVES it!
1221;1;"Bad Side of the Moon" is a good song (one of his first singles), "Grey Seal" (which is redone on "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" LP in a better way), and "Rock and Roll Madonna" which is a nice rock number.
1221;2;Paul Buckmaster's string arrangements work, like George Martin's for The Beatles or Arif Mardin for The Rascals, fit the material perfectly...The sad "Sixty Years On" with Buckmaster's stinging, stark string arrangement sounds particularly bold and powerful in the 5.1 mix done by Greg Penny.
1221;3;"Bad Side of the Moon" is a good song (one of his first singles), "Grey Seal" (which is redone on "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" LP in a better way), and "Rock and Roll Madonna" which is a nice rock number.
1221;4;This Elton first America album(second in UK) was great.
1221;5;It would be wonderful to see if John were able to come to focus again more on the song and less on the singer.
1221;6;Paul Buckmaster's orchestration nail that sadness home.
1221;7;This Elton first America album(second in UK) was great.
1221;8;The lyrics show Bernie making that leap into songwriting master, unlike on EMPTY SKY where he seemed too eager to impress.
1221;9;This Elton first America album(second in UK) was great.
1221;10;Elton & Bernie's love songs were still rather direct around this time, so "Your Song" was a perfect choice for a first major hit single as any.
1220;1;This is just a bunch of kids that wanted to get together and have some good thrashing fun.
1220;2;Fans of old Overkill and Death Angel may find this album appealing.
1220;3;I'm glad that this was my introduction to the thrash metal scene as it is a very good album.
1220;4;Fans of old Overkill and Death Angel may find this album appealing.
1220;5;Fans of old Overkill and Death Angel may find this album appealing.
1220;6;It is rooted in no-holds-barred thrash picking and pounding back beats, but iced off with oddly tuneful and harmonic clean singing.
1220;7;From the exhilarating opening track "A.I.R." to the rapidly fast, double bass driven closer "Gung-Ho", "Spreading the Disease" delivers an awesomely blistering and devastating thrash metal beatdown all complete with a nice, solid production job, blisteringly heavy, metallic thrash riffs, and fiery, wild, red hot solos, rapid, walloping, pummeling double bass drumming, and awesome power metal influenced singing to top it all off.
1220;8;This record is a truly great metal album for this particular time period as much of the traditional metal bands had got sucked into the corporate realm in which a dumbing down of lyrics and the introduction of pop friendly keyboards were fast becoming the trend.
1220;9;Such an incredible finale to such an amazing album...All in all, "Spreading the Disease" is such an essentially classic, devastating thrash/speed metal release that just kicks ass and is a pure fun, adrenaline rush from beginning to end.
1220;10;This is great thrash album i love AIR the first song on this album just tells ya how good Anthrax is.
1223;1;But besides the obvious the good songs all the releases SEX ME AND 12 PLAY are just so damn good.
1223;2;It's a lovely, slow jam with memorable hooks.
1223;3;Even though he would go on to find his own voice and style on his next album (1995's self-titled effort), don't sleep on "12 Play", it's full of gems...
1223;4;It's a lovely, slow jam with memorable hooks.
1223;5;It's all really well done, you can tell he had really studied the epic nature of Marvin Gaye's 70s work.
1223;6;It's a lovely, slow jam with memorable hooks.
1223;7;another one of those road trip cds to play with old friends.
1223;8;"Sex Me" is an 11-minute epic that has R. singing the most notorious lyrics of his career.
1223;9;"Homie, Lover, Friend" expresses every person's desire to have someone that they can have fun with as a "homie," make love to as a "lover," and trust as a "friend."
1223;10;everyone i know loves this cd.
1222;1;Whenever You're Ready (We'll Go Steady Again) is another fun teen rocker, while Jack Rabbit is a brief , fun country rocker, and Screw You fits in better with the Goodbye Yellow Brick Road style of song than here, but is also a pretty good biting sort of lyric...This album was one of the most popular records of its year, and is still lots of fun today.
1222;2;JACK RABBIT is an excellent blue grass song with that funky rhythm at the g chord and steel guitar.
1222;3;Good price and a repurchase.
1222;4;Excellent condition - fast shipping!
1222;5;Also make sure you have your reading glasses to read the minutely small lyrics!
1222;6;Excellent condition - fast shipping!
1222;7;The gentle Blues For My Baby And Me has good strings in it too, and a travelogue tale of travelling on a Greyhound bus in America.
1222;8;Another great cd by a wizard of lyrics.
1222;9;DANIEL is a good song with the acoustic guitar, mellotron sounding like a flute, and the moog synthesizer, but unfortunately not my favorite, but the next song TEACHER I NEED YOU is an excellent fast-paced song that features ELTON'S outstanding piano playing and singin', drums, and bass guitar riffs, and I think of dance parties when I hear this song for some particular reason.
1222;10;I can tell you that I think this is one of my favorites and I really love Elton John.
1217;1;Hell he could probably to 4-5 cd's of just cats screaming before it would affect his standing to any degree...My opinion is that this offering is pretty good, it is more mellow but original.
1217;2;Back when he did Pilgrim I remember him taking shots and when he teamed up with BB he took more...Give the guy a break, he's making the music he loves and sure I'd love to get an all rock 'n riff offering from him in the near future but you have to embrace the evolution of EC.
1217;3;Hell he could probably to 4-5 cd's of just cats screaming before it would affect his standing to any degree...My opinion is that this offering is pretty good, it is more mellow but original.
1217;4;Back when he did Pilgrim I remember him taking shots and when he teamed up with BB he took more...Give the guy a break, he's making the music he loves and sure I'd love to get an all rock 'n riff offering from him in the near future but you have to embrace the evolution of EC.
1217;5;Back when he did Pilgrim I remember him taking shots and when he teamed up with BB he took more...Give the guy a break, he's making the music he loves and sure I'd love to get an all rock 'n riff offering from him in the near future but you have to embrace the evolution of EC.
1217;6;Back when he did Pilgrim I remember him taking shots and when he teamed up with BB he took more...Give the guy a break, he's making the music he loves and sure I'd love to get an all rock 'n riff offering from him in the near future but you have to embrace the evolution of EC.
1217;7;Back when he did Pilgrim I remember him taking shots and when he teamed up with BB he took more...Give the guy a break, he's making the music he loves and sure I'd love to get an all rock 'n riff offering from him in the near future but you have to embrace the evolution of EC.
1217;8;There is enough guitar to excite you and the the clear, heartfelt emotion of Eric's voice will render you spellbound.
1217;9;Eric chooses some old favorites and actually caused me and my boyfriend to start dancing on the patio!
1217;10;Back when he did Pilgrim I remember him taking shots and when he teamed up with BB he took more...Give the guy a break, he's making the music he loves and sure I'd love to get an all rock 'n riff offering from him in the near future but you have to embrace the evolution of EC.
1216;1;Every song is good if not great, and often the songs on this record transition seamlessly into each other, such as when "Miles Davis & The Cool" crashes right into "The Patient Ferris Wheel", which features guest vocals by Dicky F'n Barrett of the Mighty Mighty Bosstones..."The '59 Sound" sounds like a tribute to all of the bands that The Gaslight Anthem enjoys from another generation.
1216;2;I can't describe the sound, and  I think that is a good thing.
1216;3;I can't describe the sound, and  I think that is a good thing.
1216;4;And if you like this CD their first CD, Sink or Swim, is as good or better than this one.
1216;5;i believe i read about these guys in a music magazine earlier in the year and everything i heard/read about these guys was positive.
1216;6;I can't describe the sound, and  I think that is a good thing.
1216;7;In the end, it's an album that you can enjoy by yourself driving down the highway with the windows down, or with a car full of friends singing along at the top of your lungs down that very same road.
1216;8;this is why this band could be the next big thing in rock music...the stories, the references, the lyrics, the honesty, the emotion, that are coming from a real place is what could prepel them to rock stars.
1216;9;then once again, you had the explosion of fall out boy in the middle of the decade (but that's a whole different story) but they were just some fun pop band who are now celebrity's.
1216;10;I love the singer's gravelly voice and touching lyrics.
1219;1;Every song is a good choice, with one song from "Facelift", 4 from "Dirt", 2 from "Jar of Flies", and 3 from "Alice In Chains".
1219;2;Every song is a good choice, with one song from "Facelift", 4 from "Dirt", 2 from "Jar of Flies", and 3 from "Alice In Chains".
1219;3;Every song is a good choice, with one song from "Facelift", 4 from "Dirt", 2 from "Jar of Flies", and 3 from "Alice In Chains".
1219;4;Every song is a good choice, with one song from "Facelift", 4 from "Dirt", 2 from "Jar of Flies", and 3 from "Alice In Chains".
1219;5;Every song is a good choice, with one song from "Facelift", 4 from "Dirt", 2 from "Jar of Flies", and 3 from "Alice In Chains".
1219;6;The multichannel mix by Toby Wright is very clean but still sounds "grungy".
1219;7;Hard driven solo guitar riffs.
1219;8;I recommend this CD to everyone with an ear to good music and lyrics.
1219;9;Every song is a good choice, with one song from "Facelift", 4 from "Dirt", 2 from "Jar of Flies", and 3 from "Alice In Chains".
1219;10;For the casual fan of Alice In Chains that hears them on the radio and loves them, this is great, because its at a [low] price and it comes with 9 hits and a filler track... Them Bones.
1218;1;This release entertains and evokes many emotions from the spirit to the metal gut.
1218;2;This release entertains and evokes many emotions from the spirit to the metal gut.
1218;3;It's good to see Blackie addressing life and beyond as he sees it with the same veracity as always.
1218;4;This release entertains and evokes many emotions from the spirit to the metal gut.
1218;5;Fallen Under - I feel the drums are the real focus on this one as they set the tone on this mid tempo song with more great guitar jamming.
1218;6;This release entertains and evokes many emotions from the spirit to the metal gut.
1218;7;Has now become my new favorite CD to crank up in the car.
1218;8;As is their forte, the band's lyrics on this album never cease to create wonder, stir emotion, and give thought to topical subjects.
1218;9;This release entertains and evokes many emotions from the spirit to the metal gut.
1218;10;If you love WASP,this one should definitely be in your collection.
1229;1;Wonder's only genuinely happy in a couple spots: the reggae-funk hybrid "Boogie on Reggae Woman", a massive hit and it's a damn good time
1229;2;I love the raw truth he sings in this song, you can almost hear the pain in his soul as he penned this gem.
1229;3;"Bird of Beauty" and "Please Don't Go" are very good melodically.
1229;4;He'll always be at the top of my list...TruSoulDJ
1229;5;Every bit as theraputic as John Lennon's&nbsp
1229;6;Later in the evening it was played on my home system and finally I listened with headphones.
1229;7;I received the CD and immediately popped it into my car stereo system.
1229;8;She, like her sister, was an extremely talented artist in her own right and the lyrics she lent to this song are absolutely spectacular and they move my heart each and every time I hear them...This album really shows the true musical genius of Stevie, singer, songwriter, composer, arranger, producer, instrumentalist, etc.
1229;9;He'll always be at the top of my list...TruSoulDJ
1229;10;Although I don't know every note by heart as with Songs In The Key Of Life, I love it just as much.
1228;1;Overall, this is good boogie-woogie Jam music and very enjoyable to kick-back and enjoy for a couple of hours.
1228;2;The album opens with a strong rocker featuring Jimmy Page, but leans heavy into Country material, the Killer's main strength...Some of the "new" songs here as Springsteen's Pink Cadillac sound as if they were written fro Lewis, or at least with Lewis in mind.
1228;3;Overall, this is good boogie-woogie Jam music and very enjoyable to kick-back and enjoy for a couple of hours.
1228;4;The album opens with a strong rocker featuring Jimmy Page, but leans heavy into Country material, the Killer's main strength...Some of the "new" songs here as Springsteen's Pink Cadillac sound as if they were written fro Lewis, or at least with Lewis in mind.
1228;5;The album opens with a strong rocker featuring Jimmy Page, but leans heavy into Country material, the Killer's main strength...Some of the "new" songs here as Springsteen's Pink Cadillac sound as if they were written fro Lewis, or at least with Lewis in mind.
1228;6;One of the best ever released on The Killer...As for the title of this CD, I quote from the note on the reverse: "50 years ago, Sam Phillips' legendary Sun Records in Memphis, Tennessee was the home of Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Roy Orbison, Carl Perkins and Jerry Lee Lewis, the founding fathers of Rock And Roll.
1228;7;The album opens with a strong rocker featuring Jimmy Page, but leans heavy into Country material, the Killer's main strength...Some of the "new" songs here as Springsteen's Pink Cadillac sound as if they were written fro Lewis, or at least with Lewis in mind.
1228;8;The packaging is excellent consisting of a digipack case with a sixteen page booklet full of photos, lyrics and a bio.
1228;9;You can tell they had fun making this album...from a studio in N J to a motel  " somewhere in Iowa" there were lots of recording locales including lots of production work at the Phillips Studio in Memphis.
1228;10;I would recommend this CD to anyone who loves rock and roll.
1231;1;Real emotion, Real great vocals.
1231;2;Bad Habit- This song is actually surprisngly good.
1231;3;Bad Habit- This song is actually surprisngly good.
1231;4;I really love Michelle's bridge at the end!
1231;5;This album is more mature and focused,reflecting the girls' emotional development while mirroring their true-life experiences.
1231;6;Even though the girls are almost all in their mid-20's , they keep their act clean.
1231;7;lol, This is seriosuly the best song on the CD, and Michelle tore it up in this song, Omg, I got a concept for this video allready, Here it is...Dc are all sitting in church praying to god to help them with there love lives, after that they walk out of the church happy and rejoyed, as they walk out, it starts thunderstorming as they are driving home they see there boyfriends cheating on them with other women.
1231;8;Free- The lyrics are hot,talking about being free from a relationship.
1231;9;You'll surely dance almost all of their songs.
1231;10;At one point the girls actually sing a major sixth chord, which sounds really cool...Through With Love is a bitter reflection on a verbally abusive boyfriend, with a truly amazing resolution at the end...Love, the closer, winds everything down wonderfully, with sweet, sincere lyrics and beautiful, silky harmony...So therefore, I would recommend this amazing album to any open-minded DC fan, or to anyone who's fond of R&B.
1230;1;Fantastic cd set not one bad song and everyone of his best songs are included.
1230;2;Fantastic cd set not one bad song and everyone of his best songs are included.
1230;3;Fantastic cd set not one bad song and everyone of his best songs are included.
1230;4;They'll never be another Ray, and 2 CD's full of greatest hits for under $12?
1230;5;They'll never be another Ray, and 2 CD's full of greatest hits for under $12?
1230;6;They'll never be another Ray, and 2 CD's full of greatest hits for under $12?
1230;7;The CD is well worth the purchase price & made my 40 mile trip to Grants Pass, OR worth the drive.
1230;8;Fantastic cd set not one bad song and everyone of his best songs are included.
1230;9;Original & fun to listen & dance to the tunes.
1230;10;Loved it from beginning to end and found a great deal of gems that I had not been exposed to.
1225;1;And they are dam good!
1225;2;Those two songs define this album, which offers a mix of rock & roll with rhythm & blue, and original songs as well as covers.
1225;3;And they are dam good!
1225;4;What makes this album worth having is of course the mix of all these songs together!
1225;5;What makes this album worth having is of course the mix of all these songs together!
1225;6;What makes this album worth having is of course the mix of all these songs together!
1225;7;What makes this album worth having is of course the mix of all these songs together!
1225;8;What makes this album worth having is of course the mix of all these songs together!
1225;9;"The Beatles' Second Alnum" is pop music defined as a fun time to be had by all.
1225;10;"She Loves You" is so uniquely energy-ridden with chord changes and enormous sound that it almost defies categorization.
1224;1;Love the CD and happy with service.
1224;2;Joey and Rory's voices fit perfect with the tunes.
1224;3;Good for anyone who likes gospel music.
1224;4;Joey and Rory's voices fit perfect with the tunes.
1224;5;Joey and Rory's voices fit perfect with the tunes.
1224;6;Joey and Rory's voices fit perfect with the tunes.
1224;7;Joey and Rory's voices fit perfect with the tunes.
1224;8;Joey and Rory's voices fit perfect with the tunes.
1224;9;Joey and Rory's voices fit perfect with the tunes.
1224;10;Great music, loved to hear  them sing.
1227;1;"Hangnail" is another good song that you don't want to miss.
1227;2;The second single, Too Bad, is another good song.
1227;3;The second single, Too Bad, is another good song.
1227;4;One of the better newer albums to come out in 2001, these guys really put their heart and soul into all 10 tracks on this release.
1227;5;I recommend this to any music fan who reads me now at Amazon.com... Buy it without worries, you'll enjoy it.
1227;6;One of the better newer albums to come out in 2001, these guys really put their heart and soul into all 10 tracks on this release.
1227;7;One of the better newer albums to come out in 2001, these guys really put their heart and soul into all 10 tracks on this release.
1227;8;The lyrics were more angst and personal that reminded me of another band that recently hit it big with a huge single, Staind.
1227;9;Overall this CD is a great deal and very fun to listen to.
1227;10;Teenyboppers hear their songs on top 40 stations, love them, and instantly think they're "hard rockers" when they've never even heard of Pearl Jam or Alice in Chains, and they think the lead singer is "soooo hot!"
1226;1;It is one of the disks from that era that doesn't already need re-mastering and updating just to be played on today's technology...Warnes' vocals are a very good match for Cohen's words and she pulls it off seemingly both with ease and the right emotion.
1226;2;'Raincoat' is a trek, a journey of love, pain, despair, triumph, and struggles but it makes you appreciate every emotion evoked by this tremendous Lady.
1226;3;It is one of the disks from that era that doesn't already need re-mastering and updating just to be played on today's technology...Warnes' vocals are a very good match for Cohen's words and she pulls it off seemingly both with ease and the right emotion.
1226;4;Warnes and her co-producer, C. Roscoe Beck, handpicked a batch of amazing musicians for this 1987 CD, including a Stevie Ray Vaughan guitar performance that is mind-blowing!
1226;5;This disc is as exciting to listen to twenty years later as it was when it was first released...P.S.: Just read that an expanded version of this album is to be released in the near future.
1226;6;In fact, She kept the original master tapes in a closet in her home.
1226;7;Many singer-songwriters write songs that are crafted for their own particular styles, and the songs do not travel well to other performers.
1226;8;The title track stands out with its smoky sax and desolate ambience whilst the live version of Joan Of Arc really fires on all fours...Warnes' voice is the perfect vehicle for Cohen's poetic lyrics of romantic longing and resigned despair.
1226;9;Jennifer's voice and arrangements of Leonard Cohen's songs is exceptional and a result of her friendship with Leonard and their collaboration on the album and songs they've written together.
1226;10;"Aint No Cure For Love" is a very pretty song with a romantic tone.
1236;1;Andy Williams (born Howard Andrew "Andy" Williams, December 3, 1927  September 25, 2012) was a fantastic singer and all around entertainer who enjoyed great success simply because he was so special!
1236;2;I also like the mixture of secular and sacred music on this album...There isn't a bad track in the lot here
1236;3;I also like the mixture of secular and sacred music on this album...There isn't a bad track in the lot here
1236;4;Contains the essential Williams holiday songs and is very uplifting this time of the year.
1236;5;Contains the essential Williams holiday songs and is very uplifting this time of the year.
1236;6;Smooth and memorable - every house should have it.
1236;7;Contains the essential Williams holiday songs and is very uplifting this time of the year.
1236;8;I also like the mixture of secular and sacred music on this album...There isn't a bad track in the lot here
1236;9;Contains the essential Williams holiday songs and is very uplifting this time of the year.
1236;10;I have always loved Andy's voice.
1237;1;Focus on what you can see, and be happy that you can see it.
1237;2;One of the best film documents of rock'n'roll ever, "Listening to You:  The Who Live at the Isle of Wight Festival 1970" captures a legend of rock at the absolute height of its powers...If you're expecting a high-fidelity kind of Event Coverage that Sees All and does everything except an indepth study of John Entwistle's nose hair, you either were born too late or have gotten too spoiled by culture and technology.
1237;3;The good news is that this newly re-mastered DVD has significantly improved the video quality and vastly improved the audio quality, it's an enormous upgrade.
1237;4;One of the best film documents of rock'n'roll ever, "Listening to You:  The Who Live at the Isle of Wight Festival 1970" captures a legend of rock at the absolute height of its powers...If you're expecting a high-fidelity kind of Event Coverage that Sees All and does everything except an indepth study of John Entwistle's nose hair, you either were born too late or have gotten too spoiled by culture and technology.
1237;5;One of the best film documents of rock'n'roll ever, "Listening to You:  The Who Live at the Isle of Wight Festival 1970" captures a legend of rock at the absolute height of its powers...If you're expecting a high-fidelity kind of Event Coverage that Sees All and does everything except an indepth study of John Entwistle's nose hair, you either were born too late or have gotten too spoiled by culture and technology.
1237;6;One of the best film documents of rock'n'roll ever, "Listening to You:  The Who Live at the Isle of Wight Festival 1970" captures a legend of rock at the absolute height of its powers...If you're expecting a high-fidelity kind of Event Coverage that Sees All and does everything except an indepth study of John Entwistle's nose hair, you either were born too late or have gotten too spoiled by culture and technology.
1237;7;Half documentary and half concert, I loved this trip to the past.
1237;8;One of the best film documents of rock'n'roll ever, "Listening to You:  The Who Live at the Isle of Wight Festival 1970" captures a legend of rock at the absolute height of its powers...If you're expecting a high-fidelity kind of Event Coverage that Sees All and does everything except an indepth study of John Entwistle's nose hair, you either were born too late or have gotten too spoiled by culture and technology.
1237;9;Not only were they at their maximum loud style, but the video gives you an insight to their legendary on stage fun and banter.
1237;10;He totally loves this and a couple other who video's I got him for Christmas.
1238;1;It's so good I have a hard time getting to enjoy the whole thing.
1238;2;It's not as negative, but it still has a hint of melancholy throughout, some songs more than others...It's very melodic, Hayley Williams voice shines like always and the guitars are not missing.
1238;3;It is not a bad song...it is actually pretty relaxing.
1238;4;It is a different sound from the previous albums but it is still amazing!!
1238;5;It is a different sound from the previous albums but it is still amazing!!
1238;6;The cd itself is tight and the instruments sound very clean...Haley's voice is always wonderful as others have stated, however she does dig outside the rock/alternative vibe and experiments with soulful/RNB type vocals (listen to "aint no fun"
1238;7;Still into you is my favourite as well as fast in my car.
1238;8;I am so glad I decided to buy this & I recommend it to everyone that loves a good beat and easy to listen to lyrics.
1238;9;Actually, all of the songs are fun and up beat.
1238;10;I am so glad I decided to buy this & I recommend it to everyone that loves a good beat and easy to listen to lyrics.
1239;1;I would recommend this to anyone who enjoyed her last cd, this one is almost as great as Mimi and I am sure it will be a hit...My favorite songs are Thankx for Nothing, I Stay In Love, Migrate, Touch My Body, Last Kiss, I'll Be Loving You Long Time, the rest are good, I only have hit skip on Touch My Body as I have been listening to it for weeks now!
1239;2;Its all about her bad marriage to that record label guy, and its really personal!
1239;3;"Thanks For Nothing" is a good song about feeling broken hearted.
1239;4;"I Stay In Love" is a sweet love song.
1239;5;"I Stay In Love" is a sweet love song.
1239;6;"I Stay In Love" is a sweet love song.
1239;7;"I Stay In Love" is a sweet love song.
1239;8;The song has an extremely heavy beat to follow along with the lyrics.
1239;9;It has a good groovy beat to dance to.
1239;10;"I Stay In Love" is a sweet love song.
1232;1;Made my Saturday a really good time!
1232;2;Made my Saturday a really good time!
1232;3;Made my Saturday a really good time!
1232;4;Made my Saturday a really good time!
1232;5;Made my Saturday a really good time!
1232;6;Made my Saturday a really good time!
1232;7;Made my Saturday a really good time!
1232;8;Made my Saturday a really good time!
1232;9;Made my Saturday a really good time!
1232;10;If you like The Supremes you will love this cd.
1233;1;But the sound is pristine, and all three musicians seem to be in fine form, and the songs are quite good, often quite catchy.
1233;2;Jack Bruce's singing is just superb and the drumming is great.
1233;3;But the sound is pristine, and all three musicians seem to be in fine form, and the songs are quite good, often quite catchy.
1233;4;Jack Bruce's singing is just superb and the drumming is great.
1233;5;Jack Bruce's singing is just superb and the drumming is great.
1233;6;Jack Bruce's singing is just superb and the drumming is great.
1233;7;Trower, whose playing has always entranced me, adds drive, punch, and creativity to every note, every solo.
1233;8;Bruce's voice is in fine form, and the melodies and lyrics are strong.
1233;9;Jack Bruce's singing is just superb and the drumming is great.
1233;10;I bought the CD on a whim and loved it so much I later bought the vinyl.
1234;1;Pretty fun and funky electronic moaning closer.
1234;2;If you've never accepted Country or Blue Grass music....those influences added to Robert Plants rock/blues genius will change your mind.
1234;3;So much of what is expressed in this music is ineffable, but through melody and phrasing, Plant makes the meaning clear...Others deserve kudos as well
1234;4;"Monkey" is a beautiful version of the Low song, with great swooning guitars.
1234;5;"Monkey" is a beautiful version of the Low song, with great swooning guitars.
1234;6;"Monkey" is a beautiful version of the Low song, with great swooning guitars.
1234;7;This song is a funky trip of a tune.
1234;8;"Monkey" is a beautiful version of the Low song, with great swooning guitars.
1234;9;Pretty fun and funky electronic moaning closer.
1234;10;"You Can't Buy My Love" is a spirited old rocker, and "Falling In Love Again" is a gloomy crooner.
1235;1;Art of good sound, magic of south soul.accuracy and delicacy of the geniality of Mr Marsalis and its magic brass.mixed with the lovely hoarse voice of Mr Nelson and its gentle guitar.An evergreen music for pure spirits.a breath of old sane atmosphere
1235;2;love the music, VERY talented band backing up MArsalis & Nelson.
1235;3;Art of good sound, magic of south soul.accuracy and delicacy of the geniality of Mr Marsalis and its magic brass.mixed with the lovely hoarse voice of Mr Nelson and its gentle guitar.An evergreen music for pure spirits.a breath of old sane atmosphere
1235;4;love the music, VERY talented band backing up MArsalis & Nelson.
1235;5;love the music, VERY talented band backing up MArsalis & Nelson.
1235;6;A small-club setting and appreciative audience, a set that cooks, two laid back super cool music makers having fun, some funky blues with a generous helping of rocking traditional jazz and jive = 5 stars!
1235;7;The ultimate road trip concerts!
1235;8;Other standout songs include "Basin Street Blues" and "That's All", a number with rather playful lyrics that fit Willie Nelson's persona and delivery to a tee...All in all, this is a truly great CD that captures one of the many "once in a lifetime" moments of Willie Nelson's career.
1235;9;Rather it is a tremendously talented group of artists who all have devoted many years to their craft, and yes Willie Nelson is one of them...Now what would be really fun would be a Marsalis / Nelson country album-jazzed up, of course.
1235;10;love the music, VERY talented band backing up MArsalis & Nelson.
1244;1;A re-mastering of an already fantastic disk.
1244;2;Many of the songs on 'Hold Your Fire' are big and bold, some of the songs on 'Power Windows' are slow or sad.
1244;3;The Big Wheel - This one is a good song with interesting sounding guitar for the verses.
1244;4;Great recording as usual for Rush.
1244;5;The lyrics, which you must read the liner to get, are some of the funniest they've ever put out.
1244;6;When I took the album home, I played this constantly day in and day out for weeks.
1244;7;Great recording as usual for Rush.
1244;8;Great lyrics in this song.
1244;9;Neil Pert is willing to criticize the West even during his dance above the Soviet Union.
1244;10;I purchased this album as a gift for a rabid Rush fan, he LOVES it!
1245;1;This was an album I purchased because many have thought it is a good record.
1245;2;Classic LP by a great band.
1245;3;This was an album I purchased because many have thought it is a good record.
1245;4;Classic LP by a great band.
1245;5;Classic LP by a great band.
1245;6;Classic LP by a great band.
1245;7;Opener "Walking Blues" manages to intertwine its almost tribal beat with surprisingly tuneful guitar to great - and catchy - effect, then "Get Out of My Life, Woman" slows the tempo with a luscious piano part and short, though beautiful solo that one would not know came from blues
1245;8;As with colours the sound of each raga is associated with certain emotions, times of day, Hindu deities, and seasons...-Modular Music is music that originates from the combination and overlapping of different compositions one over the other.
1245;9;In physics a harmonic is a wave which is added to the basic fundamental wave...-Melodically: A melody, either singing chanting, with instrumentation also tune, voice, or line, is a linear succession of musical tones that the listener perceives as a single entity...*** The Fun Facts: The album front cover was photographed at the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago.
1245;10;They tore that song up and i love the guitar solo on it.
1246;1;Violently Happy,Big Time Sensuality are the other fantastic songs.that are listenable everlastingly....It has more impressive songs than post and homogenic.
1246;2;Not bad...  Bjork's DEBUT album is a great album, and it shows that Bjork was already on her way to become more sensational and more popular.
1246;3;Not bad...  Bjork's DEBUT album is a great album, and it shows that Bjork was already on her way to become more sensational and more popular.
1246;4;and is the most accessible song of Bjorks career, with It's Oh So Quiet.
1246;5;and is the most accessible song of Bjorks career, with It's Oh So Quiet.
1246;6;and is the most accessible song of Bjorks career, with It's Oh So Quiet.
1246;7;'Big time sensuality', with its keyboard driven rhythms and jaunty twists and turns will make you want to dance wherever you happen to be, 'Play dead' is epic and gorgeous, 'Come to me' is awash with hooks and tender feelings, while the quirky 'Anchor song' and 'Like someone in love' take the breath away.
1246;8;Not bad...  Bjork's DEBUT album is a great album, and it shows that Bjork was already on her way to become more sensational and more popular.
1246;9;Human Behavior- This song is really fun and down to earth, its a song to nod your head to or maybe dance to if u want to.
1246;10;One song is about the mood you're in walking to the corner shop, another is about being drunk and out of it on drugs in a club, and the next one is about feeling romantic and making love.
1247;1;I enjoy CD's and owning collections of fantastic artist!
1247;2;All in all a great compilation of Motown hits.
1247;3;Some of these tunes are hard to find except in this set and that's definitely a good thing.
1247;4;All in all a great compilation of Motown hits.
1247;5;All in all a great compilation of Motown hits.
1247;6;I played this CD outside for a garden party at our home.
1247;7;All in all a great compilation of Motown hits.
1247;8;Also, the growth of the music and lyrics seemed to deepen with each successive year.
1247;9;I played this CD outside for a garden party at our home.
1247;10;We have always loved the old music.
1240;1;i new at that point that is was going to be a good one.
1240;2;i new at that point that is was going to be a good one.
1240;3;i new at that point that is was going to be a good one.
1240;4;i new at that point that is was going to be a good one.
1240;5;i new at that point that is was going to be a good one.
1240;6;The opening guitar solo is outstanding, going into a gigantic riff, with more melodic solos and a beautiful, clean section in the middle.
1240;7;i new at that point that is was going to be a good one.
1240;8;Every line is overflowing with emotion, and you don't need to know the lyrics to realize this fact.
1240;9;This is monumental southern metal from a very talented group, combining their talents for, well, apparently...fun!
1240;10;Down are one of my favorite bands as they play a style of music that I absolutely love.
1241;1;So much a fantastic mixture of blinding emotion and darkness, a blending of exciting opposites, a mutually charismatic sharing of earthy and heavenly energies which seemed like they could never end!
1241;2;But 1968's "Waiting For The Sun" is my personal favorite from The Doors.
1241;3;There's also great pop songs here with the aforementioned "Hello, I Love You", "We Could Be So Good Together", and "Wintertime Love."
1241;4;But 1968's "Waiting For The Sun" is my personal favorite from The Doors.
1241;5;Even though I read the reviews on this site beforehand, still I was surprised by the cleanness and clarity of the sound on this remixed CD.
1241;6;We revisit Venice Beach in "Hello, I Love you", and Pamela's house on "Love Street", both excellent tracks.
1241;7;Not to many albums get that kind of respect...Make sure you hold your girl tight when the trip gets too intense!
1241;8;Say what you want about Jim Morrison's strange lyrics & poetry, but give the man some credit---this guy definitely had a way with words, AND he had a monster voice & presence to match.
1241;9;The balance is awesome and very fun to listen too.
1241;10;You are so warm, my wintertime love to me!"
1242;1;but still as collections go the music on this album is pretty good in itself.
1242;2;The stuff that is here is 10 of the best Bad Com songs and makes for a great litle piece of 70s rock.
1242;3;but still as collections go the music on this album is pretty good in itself.
1242;4;but still as collections go the music on this album is pretty good in itself.
1242;5;but still as collections go the music on this album is pretty good in itself.
1242;6;but still as collections go the music on this album is pretty good in itself.
1242;7;but still as collections go the music on this album is pretty good in itself.
1242;8;The stuff that is here is 10 of the best Bad Com songs and makes for a great litle piece of 70s rock.
1242;9;but still as collections go the music on this album is pretty good in itself.
1242;10;Feel Like Makin' Love is a good, mellower tune about you know what.
1243;1;Much like (if you'll hang with an out-of-the-blue analogy) Casino Royale was the James Bond movie that *finally* was as good as we always wanted the other, mediocre Bond movies to be, Black Rain is the Ozzy album that *finally* is every bit as good as we wished all the other Ozzy albums would be...Black Rain's rockers are unfailingly both heavy and engaging, and both its ballads convey genuine emotion without sounding sappy or overly trite.
1243;2;This is not a bad thing, Elton John is a genius as well, but for Ozzy...I'd prefer for heavier rock n' roll Ozzy...His older stuff is obviously better.
1243;3;As good as No rest for the wicked.
1243;4;As good as No rest for the wicked.
1243;5;And please...I read enough about how people think Dio is better.
1243;6;As good as No rest for the wicked.
1243;7;As good as No rest for the wicked.
1243;8;This is not a bad thing, Elton John is a genius as well, but for Ozzy...I'd prefer for heavier rock n' roll Ozzy...His older stuff is obviously better.
1243;9;As good as No rest for the wicked.
1243;10;Anyways, I love the Album.
1255;1;I enjoy collections of good music.
1255;2;this is a good selection of well known hits for the era.
1255;3;this is a good selection of well known hits for the era.
1255;4;this is a good selection of well known hits for the era.
1255;5;this is a good selection of well known hits for the era.
1255;6;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
1255;7;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
1255;8;this is a good selection of well known hits for the era.
1255;9;Great for some energy and fun music from my youth.
1255;10;This was ordered as a gift to my dad for his birthday he loves it
1254;1;It just makes you fill good inside,just like Karen Carpenter.
1254;2;I played the record over and over again when I was just a kid.
1254;3;It just makes you fill good inside,just like Karen Carpenter.
1254;4;I played the record over and over again when I was just a kid.
1254;5;she's still my favorite person, she could read the phone book and i would still love her and it
1254;6;I played the record over and over again when I was just a kid.
1254;7;I played the record over and over again when I was just a kid.
1254;8;The woman has a wonderfully intimate intonation on certain lyrics, lines or even just a single word, and it can give you shivers.
1254;9;She was fun, she was wholesome, but sexy in a subtle but effective way.
1254;10;My Mom loved Doris,and bought her greatest hits album in the early 60's.
1253;1;I brought it for a family member who grew up in this southern rock era and they were very happy with it.
1253;2;The artwork and booklet nice bonus to the complete package-Mglidden
1253;3;The other selections are very good too.
1253;4;The artwork and booklet nice bonus to the complete package-Mglidden
1253;5;The artwork and booklet nice bonus to the complete package-Mglidden
1253;6;The artwork and booklet nice bonus to the complete package-Mglidden
1253;7;The artwork and booklet nice bonus to the complete package-Mglidden
1253;8;The artwork and booklet nice bonus to the complete package-Mglidden
1253;9;Fun music full of memories
1253;10;If you love Southern Rock, definitely buy this album.
1252;1;I want giant posters of it everywhere in my life - car walls iPhones and iPads -- best ever album cover I truly enjoyed immersing in!
1252;2;Apocalyptic Love really is a very welcome dose of straight forward riff-rock from start to finish, only slowing down occasionally for few songs which still pack some serious punch none the less...Myles Kennedy is a great vocalist, not bad either as a supporting axeman, and the friendship and chemistry between the two guys really shines through on Apocalyptic Love in terms of both the performances and the song writing.
1252;3;The song Anastasia is getting good rotation on Sirius Octane, and I was instantly hooked - because its the best guitar work Slash has done since GnR.
1252;4;In my circles a heated debate always brews about the best guitarist etc.
1252;5;Thanks for taking the time to read this & help me if you can.
1252;6;In my circles a heated debate always brews about the best guitarist etc.
1252;7;I want giant posters of it everywhere in my life - car walls iPhones and iPads -- best ever album cover I truly enjoyed immersing in!
1252;8;Apocalyptic Love really is a very welcome dose of straight forward riff-rock from start to finish, only slowing down occasionally for few songs which still pack some serious punch none the less...Myles Kennedy is a great vocalist, not bad either as a supporting axeman, and the friendship and chemistry between the two guys really shines through on Apocalyptic Love in terms of both the performances and the song writing.
1252;9;Apocalyptic Love really is a very welcome dose of straight forward riff-rock from start to finish, only slowing down occasionally for few songs which still pack some serious punch none the less...Myles Kennedy is a great vocalist, not bad either as a supporting axeman, and the friendship and chemistry between the two guys really shines through on Apocalyptic Love in terms of both the performances and the song writing.
1252;10;Apocalyptic Love continues in the Slash tradition of powerful melodies, energetic solos, and memorable Riffs.
1251;1;"Happy Ways" has a great bass line and "Midnight Moodies" the only instrumental has some good flute playing.
1251;2;The early '70s had much that was positive, but also plenty to worry about.
1251;3;"Happy Ways" has a great bass line and "Midnight Moodies" the only instrumental has some good flute playing.
1251;4;The early '70s had much that was positive, but also plenty to worry about.
1251;5;The early '70s had much that was positive, but also plenty to worry about.
1251;6;The reproduction is clean, muscular and staggeringly detailed.
1251;7;The early '70s had much that was positive, but also plenty to worry about.
1251;8;The early '70s had much that was positive, but also plenty to worry about.
1251;9;I love this album - typical Walsh fun and talent.
1251;10;Love this album for all the right reasons!
1250;1;The rest of the album is also very good, but of a different style than that of the title track.
1250;2;This is not bad, but it may take a couple of listens before you truly start to appreciate the album.
1250;3;The rest of the album is also very good, but of a different style than that of the title track.
1250;4;Music Must Change, 905, Sister Disco, Guitar and Pen, Trick of the Light, and Love is Coming Down are all great songs, however there is a marked increase in the use of synths more so than any of the previous albums.
1250;5;Music Must Change, 905, Sister Disco, Guitar and Pen, Trick of the Light, and Love is Coming Down are all great songs, however there is a marked increase in the use of synths more so than any of the previous albums.
1250;6;Music Must Change, 905, Sister Disco, Guitar and Pen, Trick of the Light, and Love is Coming Down are all great songs, however there is a marked increase in the use of synths more so than any of the previous albums.
1250;7;Music Must Change, 905, Sister Disco, Guitar and Pen, Trick of the Light, and Love is Coming Down are all great songs, however there is a marked increase in the use of synths more so than any of the previous albums.
1250;8;This is not bad, but it may take a couple of listens before you truly start to appreciate the album.
1250;9;Fun Who Album 2 day delivery WOW !!!!
1250;10;This is not bad, but it may take a couple of listens before you truly start to appreciate the album.
1249;1;"My Friend" appears to be a live clip from a bar based on the background noise, and is purely a fun blues tune performed in good taste.
1249;2;But what you have here is a amazing collection of songs that shows much deeper arrangement texture and pain stakingly percise overdubs that make up the most personal and complex album ever by Jimi Hendrix.
1249;3;The song writing is far more structured, the lyrics more meaningful and mature, and there really isn't any "stretching out" with his solos (that's good for showing off the song writing but bad for us folks who loved to hear Jimi wail and wail and wail... ) Once again he was effectively using the studio itself as an instrument, the songs are built up over many layers.
1249;4;I think everybody interested in rock music of any era is aware of Jimi Hendrix and knows what to expect from his music.
1249;5;They totally missed the musician, the mastery, the power, the man, and focused on the spectacle.
1249;6;I didn't expect anything really new and it wasn't anything really new, but it was Jimi playing with the people that he really cooked the best with.
1249;7;If you haven't been experienced, come on the trip with us- there's always room for one more!
1249;8;The song writing is far more structured, the lyrics more meaningful and mature, and there really isn't any "stretching out" with his solos (that's good for showing off the song writing but bad for us folks who loved to hear Jimi wail and wail and wail... ) Once again he was effectively using the studio itself as an instrument, the songs are built up over many layers.
1249;9;"My Friend" appears to be a live clip from a bar based on the background noise, and is purely a fun blues tune performed in good taste.
1249;10;I grew up with it as the albums Cry of Love and Rainbow Bridge and I loved where Jimi was headed with these complex songs.
1248;1;And she does a good job with Chaka Kahn's "Sweet Thing."
1248;2;Thats what I am talking about R & B  music that will put you in the mood for a special night with the one you love and bring back beautiful and sometimes sad memories  but its all good  Thank you
1248;3;I'm glad that Mary was able to find peace and joy later on in her life.
1248;4;I see it as a way of acknowledging and paying tribute to the ones that came before them.
1248;5;I see it as a way of acknowledging and paying tribute to the ones that came before them.
1248;6;Good to listen to around the house while doing chores or taking a drive in the car.
1248;7;Good to listen to around the house while doing chores or taking a drive in the car.
1248;8;Mary J. Blige has that special and unique street edge and the sense of realness in her lyrics that is unmatched today in music.
1248;9;I see it as a way of acknowledging and paying tribute to the ones that came before them.
1248;10;Like one person said on Instagram, it's like the modern day love songs are made for the strip clubs rather than on real love and intimacy...These are my top 5:.
1263;1;I just enjoy collecting them.
1263;2;Okay, I loved "Good Girl Gone Bad" regular version, and the Reloaded/Remixed version.
1263;3;Okay, I loved "Good Girl Gone Bad" regular version, and the Reloaded/Remixed version.
1263;4;rated R is a virtual masterpiece
1263;5;rated R is a virtual masterpiece
1263;6;Great cd to listen to while driving, working around the house or just hanging out.
1263;7;Great cd to listen to while driving, working around the house or just hanging out.
1263;8;She put her emotions into this album which makes the album great.
1263;9;She is hip,fun and very talented!
1263;10;I love So Hard its a feel good track,cd is cool!
1262;1;I enjoy this CD from beginning to the end on repeat!
1262;2;The rest of the album wavers from happy to sad but is musically interesting and a news step in Maxwells career.
1262;3;good album love maxwell, some songs I have to get use to and the more I hear them the more I like
1262;4;Maxwell music is mutli talent you have to be a creative person with a love for talent.
1262;5;Maxwell music is mutli talent you have to be a creative person with a love for talent.
1262;6;Maxwell music is mutli talent you have to be a creative person with a love for talent.
1262;7;Much like the first installment but even more so, this is a very percussion driven work of art.
1262;8;His lyrics are deep and awesome.
1262;9;Maxwell music is mutli talent you have to be a creative person with a love for talent.
1262;10;Maxwell music is mutli talent you have to be a creative person with a love for talent.
1261;1;I have been listebing to Opeth for about 16 years now and I have enjoyed most of their albums regardless of how different they were.
1261;2;Three years later, it's still their lowest-rated album on Amazon (though 4 out of 5 stars is still not bad)...Maybe Pale Communion won't win back everyone who moved on after Heritage, but it's definitely an improvement on what they began with that album.
1261;3;Heritage made that shift, performed well in sales, and earned the band good reviews, so it was hardly a career misstep.
1261;4;I hear a little bit of Porcupine Tree, King Crimson, Pink Floyd, Goblin, Comus, and a whole lot of Camel.
1261;5;I hear a little bit of Porcupine Tree, King Crimson, Pink Floyd, Goblin, Comus, and a whole lot of Camel.
1261;6;I always appreciated the clean vocals from Mikael Akerfeldt.
1261;7;I hear a little bit of Porcupine Tree, King Crimson, Pink Floyd, Goblin, Comus, and a whole lot of Camel.
1261;8;Three years later, it's still their lowest-rated album on Amazon (though 4 out of 5 stars is still not bad)...Maybe Pale Communion won't win back everyone who moved on after Heritage, but it's definitely an improvement on what they began with that album.
1261;9;It is a nice 2x gatefold with some fun artwork.
1261;10;Realistically, it's more an album for heavy metal fans who are into a variety of music, from Pink Floyd to Black Sabbath to, well, Opeth...Simply put, I absolutely love this album.
1260;1;very few people comprehend the musical genius that was dusty springfield  and this album does a good job of uncovering a small portion of it.
1260;2;I always thought Dusty Springfield had a unique sexy voice since she is the only one female vocalist that I know of that could sing the way she did.with such feeling and power.
1260;3;very few people comprehend the musical genius that was dusty springfield  and this album does a good job of uncovering a small portion of it.
1260;4;"Some Of Your Lovin'" sports a lush musical arrangement and the female backup chorus starts singing briefly before Dusty comes in--and that's when this number takes flight!
1260;5;I always thought Dusty Springfield had a unique sexy voice since she is the only one female vocalist that I know of that could sing the way she did.with such feeling and power.
1260;6;I always thought Dusty Springfield had a unique sexy voice since she is the only one female vocalist that I know of that could sing the way she did.with such feeling and power.
1260;7;I always thought Dusty Springfield had a unique sexy voice since she is the only one female vocalist that I know of that could sing the way she did.with such feeling and power.
1260;8;I always thought Dusty Springfield had a unique sexy voice since she is the only one female vocalist that I know of that could sing the way she did.with such feeling and power.
1260;9;I always thought Dusty Springfield had a unique sexy voice since she is the only one female vocalist that I know of that could sing the way she did.with such feeling and power.
1260;10;"Son Of A Preacher Man" lets Dusty sing with all her heart and soul about her character's romantic relationship with the son of a preacher
1259;1;It is 100% good fun, and I think Kylie reached her creative peak right here.
1259;2;From the first listen of "Slow", to "Chocolate" in the middle, and "You Make Me Feel" to end the album, this album is put together extremely well, with not a bad song on it, with every song that could be a hit, and if something off of this album doesn't become a hit then America needs to take notice an put their arms around Kylie, for music that is very different and well written.
1259;3;I absolutely loved "Body Language" the album was good, and not many people really out good ninth albums but Kylie Minogue had hit her mark with this one.
1259;4;This is, by far and away, another departure from the "pure pop" sound she had sported for the last two discs.
1259;5;And the other thing is it comes with an extensive libretto with pictures, so you can read along with the fabulously-written lyrics.
1259;6;My favorite track tracks included Secret (Take You Home) I really liked the sampling of "I Wonder if I Take You Home" Promises which was deep, Red Blooded Woman I love this and its remix that appears on "Boombox" and of course Chocolate but it is so much better with Ludacris on the track though.
1259;7;That perfect song to drive to on a lost coastal highway after splitting with a partner, and knowing it was for the best, while the sunshine glowing on your face affirms it.
1259;8;Chocolate is a flowing and smooth seductive song with enticing lyrics which drown you....Kylie has certainly mastered the art of vocal seduction as she practically wraps herself around each word.
1259;9;body language offers slices of dance pop that's hypnotizing, crazy, fun yet dark.
1259;10;This album is probably her most understated I thought it was amazing I loved hearing her voice with these beats she I think showed up even Janet Jackson.
1258;1;The picture is fantastic and the sound is very good too.
1258;2;Some people don't care for that stuff but I love it.
1258;3;While either plays like a teenager anymore, they both can still play with the best of them...The sound quality on this set is very good, maybe a little brassy when turned up really loud, but the mix is even and I could hear everyone fairly well.
1258;4;The Gates of Delirium gets an absolutely stunning workout with the orchestra sounding absolutely perfect on the song.
1258;5;It's just a music experience for progressive music fans with the music in focus.
1258;6;-The mix is incredibly clear and balanced..-The song selection is 90% ok..-Squire's bass sounds perfectly, unlike the 'cold' sound in  house of blues dvd.
1258;7;The longish `In The Presence Of' works well, especially the driving coda.
1258;8;'Yes' is a band that has stood the test of time and has only gotten their due from the legion of fans that know great music(and musicians)when they here it(them)...'In the Presence of' is probably my favorite performance on this DVD with it's sweeping melody and inspirational lyrics.
1258;9;It's a lot of fun, and the apparently surprised Yesmen love it...<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Yes-Symphonic-Live/dp/B00005YUNY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Yes - Symphonic Live</a>&nbsp
1258;10;Some people don't care for that stuff but I love it.
1257;1;I am only reviewing the SACD layer, but if you have a sweet Redbook player, such as anything made by Rega, you can probably enjoy a similar soundstage and sense of dynamic realism and space between the instruments.
1257;2;It isn't that the playing is bad, it's great!
1257;3;There's a good vibe with the way each member of the band come together in playing each track.
1257;4;This band is a treasure.
1257;5;This band is a treasure.
1257;6;This band is a treasure.
1257;7;Okay, then I found a copy in a used record store and grabbed it to keep in the car.
1257;8;It isn't that the playing is bad, it's great!
1257;9;Despite the fact that Weather Report would dwindle down in innovation and popularity as the 1980's approached, this album stands as a testimony to the brilliant combination of world beats, dance rhythms, jazz harmonies and melodies, and a very produced but real and musical sound.
1257;10;But.....I absolutely loved this band when I was a younger man, I had every single record they made, including this one.
1256;1;An uplifting song, "You're No Different" is a good ballad, with a thundering solo and interlude...Now You See It(Now You Don't)- A fun rocker, "Now You See It(Now You Don't)" comes across sounding like a combination of "Over The Mountain" and "No Bone Movies".
1256;2;Sure, Crazy Train is what launched his career as a solo artist in the 80s and is an excellent piece of work.
1256;3;Yes Zack is good as well, but Lee sure had some very good chops on these two records.
1256;4;Sure, Crazy Train is what launched his career as a solo artist in the 80s and is an excellent piece of work.
1256;5;Sure, Crazy Train is what launched his career as a solo artist in the 80s and is an excellent piece of work.
1256;6;But the hidden gem in the remastered CD is the unreleased "Spiders in the Night", which rocks the house, and is haunting as well!
1256;7;Also we get a decent solo...You're No Different 10/10 very keyboard driven with drums and bass and Ozzy's vocals providing some solid verses, with guitar notes to fill things in.
1256;8;To start with, his eerie use of haunting keyboards, heavy guitar riffs, unique vocal style, choice of lyrics  and willingness to stray outside of the box is one of the reasons I find all if his work amazing.
1256;9;An uplifting song, "You're No Different" is a good ballad, with a thundering solo and interlude...Now You See It(Now You Don't)- A fun rocker, "Now You See It(Now You Don't)" comes across sounding like a combination of "Over The Mountain" and "No Bone Movies".
1256;10;great ozzy album love it
1270;1;"Lady, Lady, Lady" by Joe Ben Esposito--This is such a good song!
1270;2;While it does sound musically dated---the use of the synthesizer and electronic drumming machines(but NOT in a bad way)--- it is a superb representation of the best pop music of that era when done right by the writers,artists,and producers(especially,the early 80's as the disco era had come to a complete halt by then)!
1270;3;This is a good song to listen to if you want to relax.
1270;4;I know this is an "old" CD but I still love the lyrics...and who could ever forget the amazing quote from the move: "when you loose your.dreams you die"....This is also an excellent "workout" tape...fast parts, slow ones to just stretch to.
1270;5;It is a cool song to rock out to, and was the background music of Cynthia Rhodes's only dance in the movie.
1270;6;It is a cool song to rock out to, and was the background music of Cynthia Rhodes's only dance in the movie.
1270;7;I taped the album onto a cassette so I could listen to it while driving and exercising.
1270;8;I know this is an "old" CD but I still love the lyrics...and who could ever forget the amazing quote from the move: "when you loose your.dreams you die"....This is also an excellent "workout" tape...fast parts, slow ones to just stretch to.
1270;9;It is fun to dance to and catchy as well.
1270;10;I know this is an "old" CD but I still love the lyrics...and who could ever forget the amazing quote from the move: "when you loose your.dreams you die"....This is also an excellent "workout" tape...fast parts, slow ones to just stretch to.
1271;1;Good way to start a collection of  Mr. Clapton's music.
1271;2;I don't know if his constant high on drugs helped him put so much sorrow, pain and feeling into his music, (which I'm sure it did) but they say that the best art from an artist comes about from their pain within.
1271;3;Good way to start a collection of  Mr. Clapton's music.
1271;4;Great memories in this CD
1271;5;Great memories in this CD
1271;6;This is constantly in my stereo and home and in my truck.
1271;7;Great memories in this CD
1271;8;He had gotten the title from a Persian love story whose heroine's name was Layla...  After the explosion of emotion in the intro and he has said all that he can bear to say in lyric he masterfully lets the music speak for him.
1271;9;Great memories in this CD
1271;10;He had gotten the title from a Persian love story whose heroine's name was Layla...  After the explosion of emotion in the intro and he has said all that he can bear to say in lyric he masterfully lets the music speak for him.
1268;1;"Generator" pays homage to the envelope follower voice guitar distorter and is the album's most fun track, with "Live In Skin" maybe its scariest and closest to out of control, as DG wails "I'm amounted" like a man in the throes of self-loathing.
1268;2;The rythem isn't bad either, drumming and bass playing is top knotch here.
1268;3;The debut album was good but it took two more albums to reach their peak.
1268;4;It's one of the first CDs I bought as a 6th grader, and now that I'm almost out of high school I can look back on its purchase and say that it was a wise one.
1268;5;It's one of the first CDs I bought as a 6th grader, and now that I'm almost out of high school I can look back on its purchase and say that it was a wise one.
1268;6;It's one of the first CDs I bought as a 6th grader, and now that I'm almost out of high school I can look back on its purchase and say that it was a wise one.
1268;7;It's one of the first CDs I bought as a 6th grader, and now that I'm almost out of high school I can look back on its purchase and say that it was a wise one.
1268;8;And then lastly, a set of songs so strong that at various times each are called personal favorites, the lyrics learned by heart and played over and over again just for the thrill of being able to do it...Nothing Left is bookended by songs that cover all of the above.
1268;9;"Generator" pays homage to the envelope follower voice guitar distorter and is the album's most fun track, with "Live In Skin" maybe its scariest and closest to out of control, as DG wails "I'm amounted" like a man in the throes of self-loathing.
1268;10;All In all i love this album, and if you are a foo fan get it.
1269;1;This is a real fun CD that harkens back to the old days.
1269;2;This set is over-pouring with the powerful upbeat sound that have made Cheap Trick one of the most enduring bands around.
1269;3;I have listened to it about dozen times, sometimes just letting it repeat in car player while i am driving...You will want to listen to this over and over for it is that good.
1269;4;This set is over-pouring with the powerful upbeat sound that have made Cheap Trick one of the most enduring bands around.
1269;5;This set is over-pouring with the powerful upbeat sound that have made Cheap Trick one of the most enduring bands around.
1269;6;'no direction home' is a gem (i particularly love the nod to E.L.O. in the last third) 'blood red lips' has a T-Rex vibe that's very cool, 'when i wake up tomorrow' is great... i can't believe how rejuvenated and fresh they sound... younger bands take note.
1269;7;I have listened to it about dozen times, sometimes just letting it repeat in car player while i am driving...You will want to listen to this over and over for it is that good.
1269;8;This set is over-pouring with the powerful upbeat sound that have made Cheap Trick one of the most enduring bands around.
1269;9;This is a real fun CD that harkens back to the old days.
1269;10;If you loved the music of Cheap Trick from days ago, then you will love this one too.
1266;1;As usual, the mix is exceptional and allows to enjoy this fantastic album in a panoramic, three dimensional stage...September 2011 has turned out to be an incredible month for high quality music lovers, first this Opeth release and then the upcoming Steven Wilson solo effort with "Grace for Drowning"  I can't wait, especially given that Steven has said that his album is a "cousin" of Opeth's Heritage!
1266;2;This is possibly my favourite track, but at least partly because of the beautiful way it makes the album come to a strong climax before the final instrumental song.
1266;3;Good influence from friend Steven Wilson who also produces.
1266;4;This is possibly my favourite track, but at least partly because of the beautiful way it makes the album come to a strong climax before the final instrumental song.
1266;5;I had learned after a while to just accept the "growl" as part of what they do and focused on the more melodic part of the band.
1266;6;Just excellent clean vocals from MA.
1266;7;Heritage has everything great about Opeth, just driven by MA's normal, astounding vocals.
1266;8;The rest of the lyrics are I think up to par.
1266;9;This is possibly my favourite track, but at least partly because of the beautiful way it makes the album come to a strong climax before the final instrumental song.
1266;10;I have loved OPETH'S music from my first encounter which was STILL LIFE.
1267;1;He is all good, but this particular CD played on my heart strings.
1267;2;Even 17 years after we broke up, whenever I hear  "Truely" it gives me a momentary smile and a twinge of pain and  sadness of thinking about her and "what if we remainded  together"....Three times a lady, sail on, Still are special and set  the right mood for those special nights that lovers enjoy.
1267;3;He is all good, but this particular CD played on my heart strings.
1267;4;Lionel Richie has written some of the most important songs of all-time.
1267;5;Lionel Richie has written some of the most important songs of all-time.
1267;6;Lionel Richie has written some of the most important songs of all-time.
1267;7;One of Lionel's best albums, very calming especially when your driving around Vegas on the freeway!
1267;8;Lionel Richie is the man when it comes to making love  songs, his lyrics are beautiful.
1267;9;From his 1986 "Dancing On The Ceiling" album, there is the enduring and inspirational "Love Will Conquer All," along with his smash theme from the film "White Nights," the exquisite "Say You Say Me."
1267;10;It is an essential landmark collection of classic romantic recordings that inspire the listener to feel, to dream, and to love.
1264;1;Good music, brings back some great memories, well done and a great sound, The price was right and the fun cannot be measured.
1264;2;Already had this and am giving this as a gift.
1264;3;Lots of good songs by the original artist.
1264;4;Already had this and am giving this as a gift.
1264;5;Already had this and am giving this as a gift.
1264;6;Already had this and am giving this as a gift.
1264;7;The sixties was such a prolific time for magnificent music that no collection could begin to represent EVERYTHING and this does a good job of representing some of the "roads less travelled' along with more commonly found songs.
1264;8;Already had this and am giving this as a gift.
1264;9;all the favorite hits we grew u_ with and still dancing to it or listening to it!!!!
1264;10;It was a gift and they loved it, it also came within the specified time.
1265;1;You get a very good picture made that highlights 1964 era in England back then .
1265;2;Lennon and McCartney are at their best here in one of their early albums.
1265;3;Now the instrumentals play a very good role on this album this boy,and I love her bring a sense of calm and sing along to this is the best ahdn out there
1265;4;Lennon and McCartney are at their best here in one of their early albums.
1265;5;Lennon and McCartney are at their best here in one of their early albums.
1265;6;Lennon and McCartney are at their best here in one of their early albums.
1265;7;Lennon and McCartney are at their best here in one of their early albums.
1265;8;Lennon and McCartney are at their best here in one of their early albums.
1265;9;The movie is great fun and these songs make it even better.
1265;10;Love the US album now available on CD.
1278;1;If you enjoy country music, you'll love this!
1278;2;There are humorous songs, sad songs, fun songs, etc.
1278;3;The song Used has a wonderful message behind it, basically we're all worth more because of the experiences (good, bad, tough) we have gone though.
1278;4;If you enjoy country music, you'll love this!
1278;5;If you enjoy country music, you'll love this!
1278;6;Her voice is so clean and pure, it is a joy to hear.
1278;7;"Monroe Suede" is a jaunty "bad girl" ballad
1278;8;There are humorous songs, sad songs, fun songs, etc.
1278;9;There are humorous songs, sad songs, fun songs, etc.
1278;10;If you enjoy country music, you'll love this!
1279;1;Tracks: 5 and 10 are a little too slow for my taste but the lyrics are good.
1279;2;I'm in Iraq and needed some tunes to get me through...well, to put it frankly, these guys rawked!
1279;3;Tracks: 5 and 10 are a little too slow for my taste but the lyrics are good.
1279;4;I'm in Iraq and needed some tunes to get me through...well, to put it frankly, these guys rawked!
1279;5;in fact, it adds to their emotional intensity...Before I bought this CD I read other reviewers complaints of how short the CD is with only 11 songs but, I'll tell you, I'd rather have 11 superbly written songs with no filler than more songs with some sounding like they were written on the fly just to make the CD longer.
1279;6;I'm sure glad I did...this is an incredibly high-reaching debut with energy that really drives home the power of this band...From the static-and-pop of the haunting intro, the listener can really get the sense of this album's power and mystique.
1279;7;But other songs like the very powerful and melodic "Already Over", the epic hard guitar driving "Let Go" and piano/orchestra driven ballad entitled "Pieces" are true rock music masterpieces, regardless of religious beliefs.
1279;8;They combine honest emotion in their lyrics with an awesome hard rock sound.
1279;9;If you are looking for a Christian rock band that is fun to rock out to, check out Red!!!
1279;10;Great songs on this album, I love the lyrics and the fact that they are speaking about our God, makes it that much better.
1276;1;I received the product, I am very happy, I will continue to buy AMAZON, I really like to buy, I get the package fast, I am very happy, thank you
1276;2;"Territory" is the "hit" song here, which is by not means a bad thing, after all, it is Sepultura we're talking about!
1276;3;The acoustic `Kaiowas' is certainly a step away from  the norm for Sepultura and its pretty good too.
1276;4;Fast, raw, hard, agressive and mind blowing though-and-though...The fast paced music will pick you up from any mood, it is excellent por a power run if you're into those things, because it definitively keeps you pumped up, and the now classic songs on it are assured to make everyone sing when they play.
1276;5;Finally, "Chaos A.D." was their breakthrough album, but Sep also enjoyed quite a bit of success with the earlier albums "Schizophrenia," "Beneath the Remains," and "Arise" (even if that success was from an underground audience)...Something about this album just grabs me and holds on, keeping my attention focused completely on the song I'm listening to.
1276;6;Sepultura really found their niche on this record, mixing tribal elements and basing lyrics on events from their home country of Brazil to create a unique masterpiece.
1276;7;Igor Cavalera's incredible tribal drumming style is the driving force behind Chaos Ad.
1276;8;Sepulutura are flawless on this album, the political  lyrics, the deep growls of max, the great guitars by andreas, and drums of  igor.
1276;9;Great drum start then the band joins the party.
1276;10;As soon as the opening track `Refuse/Resist' kicked in I was in love with this album, its a real romper-stomper of a track and  also an early version of `Roots Bloody Roots' from the `Roots' album.
1277;1;Very good disc of Emmy Lou Harris.
1277;2;Emmylou Harris always delivers the very best music and I honestly believe that this album is not only the best of Emmylou Harris but the best of any music, period.
1277;3;Very good disc of Emmy Lou Harris.
1277;4;Emmylou Harris always delivers the very best music and I honestly believe that this album is not only the best of Emmylou Harris but the best of any music, period.
1277;5;Over the past 30 years, Emmylou Harris has established herself as one of the most innovative artists in country music, and this 20-track collection (half of which is duplicated on 2001's 2-disc ANTHOLOGY) hits many of the highlights...While ANTHOLOGY focused on her Reprise years, this disc spans her entire career.
1277;6;Emmylou Harris always delivers the very best music and I honestly believe that this album is not only the best of Emmylou Harris but the best of any music, period.
1277;7;Emmylou Harris always delivers the very best music and I honestly believe that this album is not only the best of Emmylou Harris but the best of any music, period.
1277;8;The lyrics to all the songs are included,and this is very worthwhile,because with Emmylou,try as you may ,some of the words,particularly at the ends of lines,are extremely difficult, if not impossible to understand.
1277;9;Emmylou Harris always delivers the very best music and I honestly believe that this album is not only the best of Emmylou Harris but the best of any music, period.
1277;10;If you are an Emmylou fan you will love this vintage collection.
1274;1;This album captures everything that is happy in this world and puts it in one place with a killer beat and melody to boot...If you're interested in enjoying life, buy Ocean Eyes.
1274;2;The blue discs are also warped, but less so...Warps aside, the vinyl sounds terrific, so please buy this and enjoy it.
1274;3;It's hard to classify this- It's just really good music...The CD is less than 10 bucks here and at Target.
1274;4;I always get the feeling that I want to turn this song up to full volume..."Fireflies" is purely a fun song that feels magical and seems born of Adam Young's issues with insomnia.
1274;5;I always get the feeling that I want to turn this song up to full volume..."Fireflies" is purely a fun song that feels magical and seems born of Adam Young's issues with insomnia.
1274;6;The lyrics are 100% clean, and a few tracks even talk about God distinctly.
1274;7;His hooks, uncanny sense of melody and thoughtful production make "Ocean Eyes" a thoroughly enjoyable trip.
1274;8;The lyrics on "Ocean Eyes" are some of the most creative I've ever heard in this lifetime.
1274;9;I always get the feeling that I want to turn this song up to full volume..."Fireflies" is purely a fun song that feels magical and seems born of Adam Young's issues with insomnia.
1274;10;I love "The Saltwater Room" with its romantic melodies which are so pure and beautiful.
1275;1;every single song on here is good.
1275;2;I don't think there's a single bad track on it, but "Ordinary Story" is the one that gets most of my attention.
1275;3;every single song on here is good.
1275;4;If your into any kind of  heavy music (hardcore, metal, etc.) this is for you.
1275;5;Although they break very little ground by thier  own terms, the strength of the effort lies in their refined songwriting and  focused musical approach.
1275;6;Anders Friden's throaty bark rips  through more potent than ever and is accuentuated by his invoking a nearly  clean voice for several of the songs.
1275;7;This is also the best cd I have to drive with!
1275;8;"Species come and go but the earth stands forever fast" is a lyric from the song "embody the invisible" which is the best song on this CD.
1275;9;If your into any kind of  heavy music (hardcore, metal, etc.) this is for you.
1275;10;There is  so much I love about this album and this band that I can't even begin to  express in words, so I will leave you with this: if you are a metal fan, or  maybe even a fan of good musicianship in general, please...do yourself a  big favour, and buy this album.
1272;1;Can only say everything regarding the purchase and delivery of this CD is fantastic!
1272;2;I love this show and knew I would certainly love the music.
1272;3;This CD is as good as the show.
1272;4;I love this show and knew I would certainly love the music.
1272;5;I love this show and knew I would certainly love the music.
1272;6;Second, the music is "modern" in its clean production values, but it touches the heart musically and lyrically in the style of classic country.
1272;7;I liked the CD and enjoyed listening to it in my car.
1272;8;Well worth buying for anyone who likes songs with lots of meaning in the lyrics and great singers.
1272;9;Fun to have to listen to between shows.
1272;10;I love this show and knew I would certainly love the music.
1273;1;There are beautiful lyrics like these throughout _Heathen_, as well as very good covers of "Cactus" and Neil Young's "I've Been Waiting For You."
1273;2;With a simple arrangement, the song is a beautiful sentiment with the line that we should all make it a point to remember: "Don't stay in a sad place where they don't care how you are."
1273;3;There are beautiful lyrics like these throughout _Heathen_, as well as very good covers of "Cactus" and Neil Young's "I've Been Waiting For You."
1273;4;There are beautiful lyrics like these throughout _Heathen_, as well as very good covers of "Cactus" and Neil Young's "I've Been Waiting For You."
1273;5;There are beautiful lyrics like these throughout _Heathen_, as well as very good covers of "Cactus" and Neil Young's "I've Been Waiting For You."
1273;6;Even without Slip Away, this is a good and close to great record
1273;7;But "I Took A Trip On A Gemini Spaceship" is a great cover song by The Legendary Stardust Cowboy and it's amazing to know that Bowie played most of the instruments on this record.
1273;8;There are beautiful lyrics like these throughout _Heathen_, as well as very good covers of "Cactus" and Neil Young's "I've Been Waiting For You."
1273;9;There are so many cover songs on this album, that you forget that Bowie has penned some fresh material that probably has more to do with his friendship with Placebo and Grandaddy.
1273;10;While exploring new sounds and not allowing himself to become glued to any particular style, this album nonetheless has all the works we've come to know and love about Bowie.
1153;1;Still, he contributed a lot of good things during his time with the group, and is not to be dismissed.
1153;2;A re-make of their own  "John Robertson", this version had some fine cello's, very British sounding.
1153;3;Still, he contributed a lot of good things during his time with the group, and is not to be dismissed.
1153;4;A re-make of their own  "John Robertson", this version had some fine cello's, very British sounding.
1153;5;I read so many raves about this CD  that I bought it too.
1153;6;I remember listening to it in my room at my parents house and I felt comfort from the mood of the album.
1153;7;Plus, I also like to listen to this song when I traveling in my truck on a joy ride.
1153;8;Beautiful harmonies, lush musical vision, and rapt with poetic lyrics that could melt the Alps, NBB is a great Byrds album that is timeless in its own rite.
1153;9;A re-make of their own  "John Robertson", this version had some fine cello's, very British sounding.
1153;10;The Goffin-King classic "Goin' Back", #89, love the melody, best version of this song(mho).
1152;1;My first time through I was awestruck, I am so happy that my friend introduced me to Knopfler and I hope by reading this and taking my advice
1152;2;still I find "Baloney Again" a tribute to Black survival only a true bluesman could create.
1152;3;A couple of good examples here---The title track wherein he teaches all of us a little about American history(the two men who mapped out the Mason-Dixon Line) and the one describing a mail order bride and her pioneer husband starting a new life together.
1152;4;still I find "Baloney Again" a tribute to Black survival only a true bluesman could create.
1152;5;"Do America" is not my favourite song, but on reading his basis for its conception, I had a greater respect for it.
1152;6;Overall, where "Golden Heart" skipped all over the map in style and genre, this album feels more like a cohesive whole, very stylish and clean.
1152;7;The cover song "Sailing To Philadelphia" is a beautiful collaberation between MK and James Taylor and tells the story of Mason and Dixon,the Brits who travelled to America to survey and draw the Mason-Dixon line.
1152;8;The lyrics and the story behind are so unique in an age when music rarely means anything.
1152;9;If you like MK, or dire straits, this is fun to listen to
1152;10;A couple of good examples here---The title track wherein he teaches all of us a little about American history(the two men who mapped out the Mason-Dixon Line) and the one describing a mail order bride and her pioneer husband starting a new life together.
1155;1;It's a simply stunning album that I would recommend to anyone that enjoys good music.
1155;2;An example is "A Man Needs A Maid," which in its form presented hear is much more evocative of the pain a breakup can bring...Third, it is a very clear representation of Neil Young in acoustic mode.
1155;3;It's also a very good buy - at $29 you get 14 songs - a better value than behind the cellar door.
1155;4;Young's voice sounds fine on this early recording.
1155;5;If you're on this page intentionally and actually reading buyer reviews, then I can safely recommend purchase!
1155;6;Confident, controlled, clearly completely at home as the only man on the stage and with a string of new songs to showcase - many of which would become "Harvest" classics - this is "unplugged" music at its very best, beautifully sung & played and enhanced by crystal clear recording & engineering.
1155;7;Young's voice sounds fine on this early recording.
1155;8;Young's voice sounds fine on this early recording.
1155;9;Young's voice sounds fine on this early recording.
1155;10;Here we have Neil sitting down and playing what at the time wrte new songs along with some of his great other songs a couple of Buffalo Springfields, a few from After The Goldrush a wonderful Cowgirl and Down By the River.
1154;1;Makes you realize how good the Doors were and how lucky we were to have so much great music in the 60s.
1154;2;Light My Fire, Riders on the Storm and Love Her Madly are three of lots of great songs on this CD.
1154;3;Makes you realize how good the Doors were and how lucky we were to have so much great music in the 60s.
1154;4;Light My Fire, Riders on the Storm and Love Her Madly are three of lots of great songs on this CD.
1154;5;Light My Fire, Riders on the Storm and Love Her Madly are three of lots of great songs on this CD.
1154;6;Light My Fire, Riders on the Storm and Love Her Madly are three of lots of great songs on this CD.
1154;7;Light My Fire, Riders on the Storm and Love Her Madly are three of lots of great songs on this CD.
1154;8;Light My Fire, Riders on the Storm and Love Her Madly are three of lots of great songs on this CD.
1154;9;Light My Fire, Riders on the Storm and Love Her Madly are three of lots of great songs on this CD.
1154;10;I loved the classic music, it great to jam too.
1157;1;For those Carpenters non-fanatics who are looking for a good compilation (of the seemingly hundreds that Richard keeps churning out), this is the best place to start.
1157;2;"Goodbye To Love" is a sad but very beautiful song about a love that has faded...Karen and Richard Carpenter turned out many superlative tunes in their day
1157;3;For those Carpenters non-fanatics who are looking for a good compilation (of the seemingly hundreds that Richard keeps churning out), this is the best place to start.
1157;4;Love all the songs,I'm a huge fan of the Carpenters.
1157;5;Love all the songs,I'm a huge fan of the Carpenters.
1157;6;I always have bittersweet memories of my childhood when I listen to them I downloaded this album on the way home from visiting my brother-in-law for the first time since my sisters funeral.
1157;7;Love all the songs,I'm a huge fan of the Carpenters.
1157;8;The lyrics reflect a more simple time full of trust and true love that only Karen and Richard could capture for all of us, forever.
1157;9;Love all the songs,I'm a huge fan of the Carpenters.
1157;10;This CD is a great addition because it adds a few Carpenters romantic classics like 'Only Yesterday' and even a few standards like 'When I Fall In Love' while leaving out songs like 'Please Mr Postman' and 'Calling Occupants.
1156;1;There have been great blues singers & great blues guitarists, but seldom IF EVER has there been a singer/guitarist as good as Joe Bonamassa.
1156;2;The more I listen to it, the better I like it.
1156;3;There have been great blues singers & great blues guitarists, but seldom IF EVER has there been a singer/guitarist as good as Joe Bonamassa.
1156;4;The more I listen to it, the better I like it.
1156;5;The more I listen to it, the better I like it.
1156;6;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
1156;7;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
1156;8;The more I listen to it, the better I like it.
1156;9;The more I listen to it, the better I like it.
1156;10;My first Joe Bonamassa download..........I'm a guitar player who loves great guitar players and Joe is one of the best, if not the best..........Love this album.
1159;1;It is a fun happy song.
1159;2;"Big (Jazz Instrumental)" seperates those numbers and proves to be a nice touch
1159;3;good and would use seller again
1159;4;It breaks my heart to her Jennifer sing this ballad and her performance is absolutely flawless...Ben Harney also does "When I First Saw You" with great sensitivity
1159;5;Jennifer Hudson is a treasure as many have already reported, but more on her later........Beyonce does a superb job portraying Deana Jones, the Diana Ross "role" complete with many of the insecurities and questions that Diana had when she was singled out to be the star (read Mary Wilson's book, Dreamgirl, for more on this and see my review).
1159;6;CD was smooth and clean.
1159;7;It breaks my heart to her Jennifer sing this ballad and her performance is absolutely flawless...Ben Harney also does "When I First Saw You" with great sensitivity
1159;8;There is a very special 35 page booklet that contains all the lyrics to the songs as well as the credits.
1159;9;He's exciting to listen to, and sings with so much soul and spirit that it makes you want to dance.
1159;10;I absolutely love THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA simply because of all the beautiful music coupled with the incredible storyline.
1158;1;So happy to have a new copy to replace my long lost vinyl.
1158;2;A particularly powerful and sad song is San Jacinto
1158;3;This had very good recording sound quality when it first came out in 82.
1158;4;This music, which first appeared on LP, had been waiting for the added clarity and impact of CD.
1158;5;This music, which first appeared on LP, had been waiting for the added clarity and impact of CD.
1158;6;And for the grand finale, there's the exuberant "Kiss Of Life," with Gabriel heading for home on a gloriously rhythmic, upbeat note.
1158;7;You will be hard pressed to find such hard driven percussion - Jerry Marotto is terrific on this.
1158;8;There's also a Genesis style ballad (Wallflower) but with very  straightforward lyrics about a political prisoner.
1158;9;RHYTHM OF THE HEAT is a powerful song, conjuring images of burning hot deserts, mysterious rituals, dancing around a campfire ...  It has a VERY slow build, the tension building to a breaking point.
1158;10;I love the lyrics too.
1161;1;Brandy sings with so much feeling and emotion and I love it!
1161;2;full of Raw Pain, Bitter sweet and relating the complexities of love,sung with passion and care.
1161;3;But overall, the album is very good.
1161;4;This cd definitely shows Brandy's growth and potential to last.
1161;5;This cd definitely shows Brandy's growth and potential to last.
1161;6;She has a simplistic voice that I well prefer over the power house divas like Mariah and Christina.
1161;7;The arrangements on "Full Moon" divide between the stunning adult balladry & sharper, urban driven dance material.
1161;8;Brandy sings with so much feeling and emotion and I love it!
1161;9;Most of the songs (in fact, all of them) talk about relationships and love, but the lyrics are much deeper than just "I love you", "I wanna dance with you" etc..
1161;10;Brandy sings with so much feeling and emotion and I love it!
1160;1;Great album by a fantastic trumpeter, one I hadn't heard until I saw him in concert.
1160;2;Love this CD and Chris!
1160;3;I'm not a huge fan of solo trumpet acts, but this is really good.
1160;4;Love this CD and Chris!
1160;5;His study of music, composition and history is evident just by listening.
1160;6;Love this CD and Chris!
1160;7;Enjoy and take it on a road trip!
1160;8;Love this CD and Chris!
1160;9;Love this CD and Chris!
1160;10;Love this CD and Chris!
1163;1;It's an opera song, but Sarah sings it more softly than the other opera songs on her...Ghost track: Moon River- Sarah did a fantastic version of this song and I love it...La Luna is a must for any Sarah fan and it's good material to listen to while you are star gazing.
1163;2;From the unique  and haunting intro on track one, all the way through to the sad, but  touching "He doesn't see me", on into the soaring vocals of  "La Luna" at the end of the album, Miss Brightman again proves  that she can pull out all the stops and still come out with a winner.
1163;3;Still a good song though...4.
1163;4;Sarah Brightman's La Luna concert recorded in South Florida was one of the two best concerts I have ever seen.
1163;5;From  a personal standpoint, when I purchase one of Sarah's CDs, I prefer the  focus to be on her voice, not on what's going on in the background -- LA  LUNA fulfills this wonderfully and magically.
1163;6;It's great  date music, bubble bath music, driving home from work and need to destress  music, cooking dinner, cleaning house, etc.
1163;7;It's great  date music, bubble bath music, driving home from work and need to destress  music, cooking dinner, cleaning house, etc.
1163;8;The lyrics are in French and Sarah sounds great on it...2.
1163;9;In this UK version, the same verses are worded like so-- "when she passes him by she's a ray of light like the first drop of sun from the sky," and "when she dances she moves him to a smile," and "there's a grace in her ways that he can't contain."
1163;10;If you are a  fan...you'll love this.
1162;1;The new Coldplay is fun, happy, bright, colorful and even though it's not "old" Coldplay, their talent shows through...I really like this CD and I like them taking the chance with a new, different sound.
1162;2;A beautiful vinyl for a magnificent album!
1162;3;It is a good CD, yet I wanted more out of it.
1162;4;A beautiful vinyl for a magnificent album!
1162;5;A beautiful vinyl for a magnificent album!
1162;6;this was for the adolescent in the house, a refreshing new sound to me.
1162;7;Coldplay is the one of the best bands and I love their music - play it in the car all the time!
1162;8;I love they lyrics which are very touching and thought out.
1162;9;The new Coldplay is fun, happy, bright, colorful and even though it's not "old" Coldplay, their talent shows through...I really like this CD and I like them taking the chance with a new, different sound.
1162;10;I love that and it remains as one of my most beloved movie series of all time.
1165;1;A few of my favorites:  "Ribbons Undone" is a loving ode to her young daughter, "Ireland" is a silly but fun song - silly because you can't really drive to Ireland, and I am not sure what "Martha's Foolish Ginger" is about but it's a good song.
1165;2;To me, "Scarlet's Walk" is the best, and "Boys for Pele" is, while not bad, probably the least accessible.
1165;3;(Although a calm album, it still had a wonderfully complicated story line and plenty of offbeat rythyms for my taste.)
1165;4;I'll pick it up in three months and I'll hear a lyric I didn't notice before and the album will come alive again.
1165;5;The difference between these two albums is thirteen years and all the personal and musical experiences that came between...What I've come to love about The Beekeeper is that it comes from a loving place, the music breathes, especially compared to some of Tori's more rock oriented material and there are moments, particularly on The Power of Orange Knickers, Barons of Suburbia and Marys of the Sea when Tori rocks gently and with powerful focus.
1165;6;This is a song dedicated entirely to Tori's daughter Natashya, and I love the moment where Tori sings, "From school she comes home and cries 'I don't want to grow up, mum, at least not tonight'."
1165;7;A few of my favorites:  "Ribbons Undone" is a loving ode to her young daughter, "Ireland" is a silly but fun song - silly because you can't really drive to Ireland, and I am not sure what "Martha's Foolish Ginger" is about but it's a good song.
1165;8;I'll pick it up in three months and I'll hear a lyric I didn't notice before and the album will come alive again.
1165;9;It's got a swaying melody that makes you want to dance.
1165;10;But that's exactly why I love it.
1164;1;Despite some nice bass work and a couple good hooks, "17" is on the weaker side as compared to the rest of the record.
1164;2;Love their sound and I don't think I have heard a bad song yet.
1164;3;Despite some nice bass work and a couple good hooks, "17" is on the weaker side as compared to the rest of the record.
1164;4;Politically it is an intelligent song that peppers in some interesting religious doctrine.
1164;5;The article is great and I highly recommend reading it, this is a great new band period!!!
1164;6;It it rock n roll, it's sexual, it's amazing music that makes you want to listen to it cleaning or with your lover and "get it done".
1164;7;Politically it is an intelligent song that peppers in some interesting religious doctrine.
1164;8;Very topical and rather smart if I may say so myself..."Sex On Fire" propels things even further into intensity with its' fast-paced, sexually charged lyrics and screaming passion.
1164;9;It has an amazing groove about it, making you want to get up and dance to the infectious beat.
1164;10;Despite some nice bass work and a couple good hooks, "17" is on the weaker side as compared to the rest of the record.
1167;1;Moma's gift... So if she's happy, I'm happy!
1167;2;This man writing and singing ability is like no other, he draws you into his music and his songs just stick in your head.
1167;3;Its working for my good because it is my season of Grace and Favor to Reap what I HAVE SOWN.
1167;4;This man writing and singing ability is like no other, he draws you into his music and his songs just stick in your head.
1167;5;This man writing and singing ability is like no other, he draws you into his music and his songs just stick in your head.
1167;6;This cd is the best...takes me back home to Tennessee when gospel music sound like gospel.
1167;7;This man writing and singing ability is like no other, he draws you into his music and his songs just stick in your head.
1167;8;This man writing and singing ability is like no other, he draws you into his music and his songs just stick in your head.
1167;9;This man writing and singing ability is like no other, he draws you into his music and his songs just stick in your head.
1167;10;There are much more great songs on the album like "Write A Song" is a melodious number that expresses God's love for each believers.
1166;1;I personally liked it better when their music was just simple and fun on this first album.
1166;2;This CD has the best 80's metal coverart.
1166;3;He has an excellent voice, though and the guitar work for the band[I can't say it was Tom] is very good.
1166;4;This CD has the best 80's metal coverart.
1166;5;This CD has the best 80's metal coverart.
1166;6;Cinderella are an amazing rock band, don't let the cover fool ya this ain't no poisen or montly crap this is like ACDC ish rock the house stuff, cinderella rocks nuff said!
1166;7;This CD has the best 80's metal coverart.
1166;8;This CD has the best 80's metal coverart.
1166;9;I personally liked it better when their music was just simple and fun on this first album.
1166;10;Loved the look of the band in their videos.
1168;1;It's everything that a top song should be with nice verses and a really good, sing-along chorus that all mixes in with a good message through the lyrics.
1168;2;While this song seems like the "Breaking Benjamin formula" at work, that is not a bad thing considering the end result is a very good song.
1168;3;While this song seems like the "Breaking Benjamin formula" at work, that is not a bad thing considering the end result is a very good song.
1168;4;It's everything that a top song should be with nice verses and a really good, sing-along chorus that all mixes in with a good message through the lyrics.
1168;5;I personally like this album as an album due to its cohesive focus and mood.
1168;6;They really hit a home run with the lyrics on these songs!
1168;7;It's everything that a top song should be with nice verses and a really good, sing-along chorus that all mixes in with a good message through the lyrics.
1168;8;The hook in the chorus is phenomenal, and the way the song builds up emotion to the point where Burnley seems like he's actually begging the lyrics instead of singing them.
1168;9;This one has more meaning and use at a dance than pretty much all the modern country ballads that people play at dances.
1168;10;Crawl- I really love this song too.
1169;1;E Luxo Se' is a wide-eyed beauty, beaming the kind of melody that makes you instantly happy no matter how miserable you felt before you heard it.
1169;2;Getz's playing is masterfully self-effacing, never virtuosic for its own sake: you might forget he's even there as he conducts intimate conversations with Byrd's often Reinhardt-like guitar, or the quietly insistent rhythms, and yet he is the soul of this beach music that sounds so sad.
1169;3;The best selling Jazz CD of the decade, that's how good it is.
1169;4;Getz's playing is masterfully self-effacing, never virtuosic for its own sake: you might forget he's even there as he conducts intimate conversations with Byrd's often Reinhardt-like guitar, or the quietly insistent rhythms, and yet he is the soul of this beach music that sounds so sad.
1169;5;I had assumed that it was a traditional form of Brazilian music, but in fact it was born in the 1950s, so the fact that a group of American musicians globalized it via this album is incredible as well...There is a back story to this album that I will not go into here because I want to focus on the album itself.
1169;6;Getz's playing is masterfully self-effacing, never virtuosic for its own sake: you might forget he's even there as he conducts intimate conversations with Byrd's often Reinhardt-like guitar, or the quietly insistent rhythms, and yet he is the soul of this beach music that sounds so sad.
1169;7;The driving force is Charlie Byrd and his guitar ... and his love of the music itself.
1169;8;Getz's playing is masterfully self-effacing, never virtuosic for its own sake: you might forget he's even there as he conducts intimate conversations with Byrd's often Reinhardt-like guitar, or the quietly insistent rhythms, and yet he is the soul of this beach music that sounds so sad.
1169;9;When I heard  the Bossa Nova for the first time in 1961 in my country at my office's annual party, the following words came to my mind: "Who created this beautiful rhythm, so soft but so musical..." and from then on I became a fan.
1169;10;--- A love is still a love....as time goes by.
1170;1;No one sounds like Static-X, and while they stick pretty close to their formula, somehow they keep making fun music with solid hooks and good head-banging riffs and beats.
1170;2;Obviously, Wayne Static and I are on the same page.
1170;3;koichi, to my understanding their riffs are only composed of 3 notes apiece and you would think that won't produce good sound, well it does it produces a great sound.
1170;4;Obviously, Wayne Static and I are on the same page.
1170;5;Obviously, Wayne Static and I are on the same page.
1170;6;the sound is amazingly dirty but so clean when put together.
1170;7;"Wisconsin Death Trip" is a sweet album and a good addtion to any hard rock fan's CD collection.
1170;8;Although they repeat the lyrics throughout the song, it just somehow fits with the sounds.
1170;9;Unlike many nu-metal bands, Static-X don't take themselve too seriously and adopt a threatening pose
1170;10;I can listen to  it in the car with my girlfriend and it really gets her turned on.
1171;1;I enjoy all of songs on here.
1171;2;This cd is full of love and pain and everything in between...Whitney Houston is a singer that many critics like to put into a mold or a single category.
1171;3;It's Whitney what else is there to say may she rest in peace.
1171;4;It is a warm ballad full of lush strings and Whitney  delievering her most laid back perforance since "You Were Loved"  from The Preacher's Wife".
1171;5;Her work is always origional, though she may not write any of it, she does  choose songs that focus on her voice rather than the image or the appeal.
1171;6;It is a warm ballad full of lush strings and Whitney  delievering her most laid back perforance since "You Were Loved"  from The Preacher's Wife".
1171;7;It is a warm ballad full of lush strings and Whitney  delievering her most laid back perforance since "You Were Loved"  from The Preacher's Wife".
1171;8;'Oh  Yesy' had suggestive lyrics, but you know what, it shines too!
1171;9;The hip hop numbers show that Whitney can still stay current and dance with the kids on the streets and the slow ballads show that she still has the best voice in  music business.
1171;10;It is a warm ballad full of lush strings and Whitney  delievering her most laid back perforance since "You Were Loved"  from The Preacher's Wife".
1172;1;Happy, dreamy, mellow, uppity, never sorry and quite elated...Yes, good stuff here, all good.
1172;2;Its beautiful, poetic, sad, heartfelt, magical, and very personal.
1172;3;This is a yea for me, so he stands for something, and puts forth the effort to set an example...All his general good vibe goodness aside, Jack Johnson's music puts me at peace with myself.
1172;4;This album is thought provoking to me as well, I have found several snippets of lyrics I think about a lot.
1172;5;This album is thought provoking to me as well, I have found several snippets of lyrics I think about a lot.
1172;6;I listen to his music all the time, cleaning the house, before I go to sleep or riding in the car... It's that kind of good!
1172;7;It's a joy to listen to on a relaxing drive.
1172;8;This album is thought provoking to me as well, I have found several snippets of lyrics I think about a lot.
1172;9;How true, try smiling at other people, they'll smile back, instead of critically judging someone else in your head while you're waiting in line somewhere, think something good about them and then say it, it spreads...Jack Johnson's music is pretty family friendly, my son and I like to dance together sometimes before bed, but we don't want anything "too wild".
1172;10;I love that, and I've thought about it in different ways and at different times...Angel - that whole song is just beautiful anyway, but that his angel makes angels.
1173;1;I really enjoy the tracks that take up the middle like If I Have My Way, a song that talks about if she had her way they would make love so passionanately but things need to stay in the slow lane until the time is right, Best Of Me, Your Joy and Good Girl which she goes into herself being something that is so hard to find these days.
1173;2;What we had was Oh so lovely I'll swallow my pain... It's my time to find the best of me"...Will.i.am joins the party and brings the funk touches on I Am with "Let's Rock" and is featured on the Bob Marley-ish "Be OK" - it reminds me of "Could you be loved".
1173;3;"Work It Out", "If I Had My Way", "Best Of Me", "Your Joy", "Good Girl", "Be OK", "Mr. Radio", "Golden", "Love Is You", "Is This The Way Love Feels" and even the hidden bonus track (I'm not sure what it's called.
1173;4;This album is so uplifting!
1173;5;She studied Ella Fitzgerald, Billie Holliday and Sarah Vaughn, but she created her own style and that's commendable..."I Am" is easily a 5 star album.
1173;6;In other words, it's all relatively clean wholesome stuff...My favourite tracks?
1173;7;She is also stating that just because a man has money, jewelry and cars doesn't mean that all women want a man because of material things, some women just want to be treated with respect and loved.
1173;8;on which Michele shows her support for to women who find themselves pregnant by "mistake" alongside people who have suffered losses in recent tragedies like 9/11, Hurricane Katrina and, from what I can gather from the lyrics, war and famine...It's very rare for me to like so many songs on a non-jazz album.
1173;9;What we had was Oh so lovely I'll swallow my pain... It's my time to find the best of me"...Will.i.am joins the party and brings the funk touches on I Am with "Let's Rock" and is featured on the Bob Marley-ish "Be OK" - it reminds me of "Could you be loved".
1173;10;I love this one, much props tho this lady!
1174;1;Very good re-issue that i have been waiting years and years for.
1174;2;A classic, not one bad song as well as not one dated song.
1174;3;Very good re-issue that i have been waiting years and years for.
1174;4;The signal to noise ratio is excellent.
1174;5;The signal to noise ratio is excellent.
1174;6;The signal to noise ratio is excellent.
1174;7;The signal to noise ratio is excellent.
1174;8;A classic, not one bad song as well as not one dated song.
1174;9;This is a great product to have for fun It is well made as well.
1174;10;A gift that my Brother loved.
1175;1;Channel Orange is a work of art, enjoyed for what it is.good vocals, good atmosphere, good songwriting.
1175;2;Topped off by killer lines in "...if it brings me to my knees/it's a bad religion" or "Unrequited love/to me it's nothing but a one man cult..." makes "Bad Religion" epic..."Pink Matter" adds Andr&eacute
1175;3;Channel Orange is a work of art, enjoyed for what it is.good vocals, good atmosphere, good songwriting.
1175;4;I knew a few of Frank Ocean's songs, but this entire album is excellent.
1175;5;I read the whole thing and thought it was awesome and then some...Now, that all is great and dandy but how is the music?
1175;6;I knew a few of Frank Ocean's songs, but this entire album is excellent.
1175;7;This CD stays playing in my car.
1175;8;Frank Ocean does not succumb to the pressure of making typical "lets make love" songs or "get up and dance", his lyrics are much more poetic and meaningful.
1175;9;Frank Ocean does not succumb to the pressure of making typical "lets make love" songs or "get up and dance", his lyrics are much more poetic and meaningful.
1175;10;Frank Ocean does not succumb to the pressure of making typical "lets make love" songs or "get up and dance", his lyrics are much more poetic and meaningful.
1176;1;They're lucky Warrior's Call is a good tune...Overall, Volbeat has put out a very fantastic album that you owe it to yourself to check out if you have the chance.
1176;2;While some sections of their songs continue to sound like newly discovered tracks from Metallica and Slayer when they were at their peak (that's certainly not a bad thing as far as I'm concerned), and the rousing catchy 'Misfit' style vocal melodies are still on full display, Volbeat continues to craft an overall unique style that is almost impossible to describe.
1176;3;While some sections of their songs continue to sound like newly discovered tracks from Metallica and Slayer when they were at their peak (that's certainly not a bad thing as far as I'm concerned), and the rousing catchy 'Misfit' style vocal melodies are still on full display, Volbeat continues to craft an overall unique style that is almost impossible to describe.
1176;4;They're great and they continually put out great music.
1176;5;They're great and they continually put out great music.
1176;6;I put this CD in on the long ride home and just enjoy jamming out.
1176;7;I love this CD, I bought it for my husband, and now I take the CD out of his car to listen to it all the time!
1176;8;While some sections of their songs continue to sound like newly discovered tracks from Metallica and Slayer when they were at their peak (that's certainly not a bad thing as far as I'm concerned), and the rousing catchy 'Misfit' style vocal melodies are still on full display, Volbeat continues to craft an overall unique style that is almost impossible to describe.
1176;9;They're great and they continually put out great music.
1176;10;love love love this album!
1177;1;All good, I am happy customer : )
1177;2;This CD is one you will be glad you bought, you'll treasure it!
1177;3;With Steely Dan, since this is all top notch music, the 80 minutes seem to fly by... even the new tracks sound very good up against the old standards.
1177;4;This CD is one you will be glad you bought, you'll treasure it!
1177;5;This CD is one you will be glad you bought, you'll treasure it!
1177;6;This CD is one you will be glad you bought, you'll treasure it!
1177;7;It's a wonderful trip down nostalgia lane for those who grew up to the jazz-pop music of Steely Dan, and a great introduction to the group for those who aren't familiar with their style.
1177;8;More jazz than rock yet more rock than pop, founders Walter Becker and Donald Fagen and their various sidemen offered intelligent, arresting lyrics and virtuoso playing,  and achieved immense popularity among casual listeners and aficionados both.
1177;9;This CD is one you will be glad you bought, you'll treasure it!
1177;10;I keep this in my regular rotation and may someday, since I love this collection so much, may check out some of their albums...If you are a casual fan like myself and want a nice remastered hits collection this is where you can start.
1178;1;The lyrics are actually cool too, retelling Goethe's classic "Faust" with striking diction and genuine emotion...And of course, the vocals here are fantastic as well.
1178;2;This Pain - 5 out of 5 - 3:59 - Excellent Power Metal Rocker, One of my fav songs on the album and some of the most interesting guitar work on the album.
1178;3;The verses are very good.
1178;4;"Serenade" isn't part of the album's story, but is a joyous and upbeat song that is essentially a glorious celebration of life...There are several other moments I'd like to briefly discuss...The first is the opening track, "March of Mephisto".
1178;5;For those Kamelot fans, judging from what I've read, this one is truly a peak in their career.
1178;6;"Serenade" isn't part of the album's story, but is a joyous and upbeat song that is essentially a glorious celebration of life...There are several other moments I'd like to briefly discuss...The first is the opening track, "March of Mephisto".
1178;7;"Serenade" isn't part of the album's story, but is a joyous and upbeat song that is essentially a glorious celebration of life...There are several other moments I'd like to briefly discuss...The first is the opening track, "March of Mephisto".
1178;8;The lyrics are actually cool too, retelling Goethe's classic "Faust" with striking diction and genuine emotion...And of course, the vocals here are fantastic as well.
1178;9;The song 'When the Lights are Down' is catchy and fun while 'Soul Society' is very gripping, asking tough questions about the spiritual side of life after death.
1178;10;The Haunting (Somewhere in Time) - 10/10 I absolutely love this Kamelot voice.
1179;1;They are not just a band, they are good singers that have worked hard  with catchy music.
1179;2;I love anything that promotes music.
1179;3;They are not just a band, they are good singers that have worked hard  with catchy music.
1179;4;I love anything that promotes music.
1179;5;I love anything that promotes music.
1179;6;I love anything that promotes music.
1179;7;I love anything that promotes music.
1179;8;The instrumentals and lyrics are beautiful and the boys' voices sound better than ever.
1179;9;I love anything that promotes music.
1179;10;I love anything that promotes music.
1180;1;It has everything a good band needs to make it big.
1180;2;It's sad in a happy way.
1180;3;It has everything a good band needs to make it big.
1180;4;Ocean Avenue is gem in their collection of efforts.
1180;5;Ocean Avenue is gem in their collection of efforts.
1180;6;Way Away: 9.5/10 cool clean guitar opening great song.
1180;7;Ocean Avenue is gem in their collection of efforts.
1180;8;It's deeper, fuller, and just so much more amazing...And it provided me with one of my favorite songs ever, Ocean Avenue...This album contains all the essential emotions:  Love, loss, remorse...well it's a sad album, I'll put it that way.
1180;9;Afterwards he invited us up onto Yellowcard's bus (which for whatever reason had substantially less weed than SoCo's) but was still fun...The CDs great, the band is so nice, support these awesome musicians.
1180;10;I love every song on it.
1181;1;the second CD is also awesome, unreleased songs from that era and the 3 extended 12" remixes of What's Love Got To Do With It, Better Be Good To Me and I Can't Stand The Rain and an extended edition of Show Some Respect are AWESOME!
1181;2;As it was, five of them charted, with three top tens and "What's Love Got to Do With It" hitting number one.
1181;3;the second CD is also awesome, unreleased songs from that era and the 3 extended 12" remixes of What's Love Got To Do With It, Better Be Good To Me and I Can't Stand The Rain and an extended edition of Show Some Respect are AWESOME!
1181;4;As it was, five of them charted, with three top tens and "What's Love Got to Do With It" hitting number one.
1181;5;As it was, five of them charted, with three top tens and "What's Love Got to Do With It" hitting number one.
1181;6;As it was, five of them charted, with three top tens and "What's Love Got to Do With It" hitting number one.
1181;7;Even so, they were best known and most successful as a live act--until Ike's frequent physical abuse drove Tina to walk out on him in the middle of a tour.
1181;8;Excellent lyrics... I highly recommend this CD.
1181;9;My recollection is of seeing footage of her, with Ike Turner, in a dance documentary on PBS.
1181;10;The self titled song Private dancer is a sensual song, What's love got to do with it was a top hit for Tina Turner and still sounds great after all these years,I cant stand the rain is a classic that sounds great with Tina singing it, Show some respect is  great song, along with her cover of the Al Green  hit song Let stay together.
1182;1;There is one dud on the album - the last track, "Kokomo" - but skip that one and enjoy the rest of the album - it's a combo of good '60s fun and musical genius.
1182;2;Too bad, but what's here is excellent, great ambassador from its era.
1182;3;Surf music still sounds good these days and is one of the classic styles of music that I actually prefer to some modern bands.
1182;4;This is yet another form of classic rock that never dies.
1182;5;This is yet another form of classic rock that never dies.
1182;6;Giddy-up, giddy-up
1182;7;Within their songs you also get the main motifs of fast cars (i.e
1182;8;Too bad, but what's here is excellent, great ambassador from its era.
1182;9;, fun songs (Fun Fun Fun, Be True To Your School, California Girls), and even dance songs (Dance Dance Dance and Do You Wanna Dance?)
1182;10;Within their songs you also get the main motifs of fast cars (i.e
1183;1;the other bonus tracks are pretty good...a classic album made better, if only slightly -- but that "slightly" is pretty snazzy.
1183;2;the other bonus tracks are pretty good...a classic album made better, if only slightly -- but that "slightly" is pretty snazzy.
1183;3;the other bonus tracks are pretty good...a classic album made better, if only slightly -- but that "slightly" is pretty snazzy.
1183;4;the other bonus tracks are pretty good...a classic album made better, if only slightly -- but that "slightly" is pretty snazzy.
1183;5;the other bonus tracks are pretty good...a classic album made better, if only slightly -- but that "slightly" is pretty snazzy.
1183;6;I need time before I'm still able and willing to put the Cd into my home or car player and enjoy it again.
1183;7;I need time before I'm still able and willing to put the Cd into my home or car player and enjoy it again.
1183;8;This CD contains clever lyrics with audacious musical compositions and wide use of electronic sound effects.
1183;9;It Is A very fun CD to listen to.
1183;10;Nonetheless, as with many of their love songs, this one has an edginess that keeps it real.
1187;1;If you like this CD,  you will enjoy them.
1187;2;it all flows in smoothly and all the songs are wonderful, sad, and... i don't know just give them a listen and you'll 'see' for yourself, but still the three songs mentioned above, stand from the rest and are among my timeless favorites.
1187;3;Their first and third albums are just as good.
1187;4;This is the perfect cd to listen to when you are making love, when you are high, when you are driving, when you are drunk, when you are tired, when you just want to unwind... and even when you are in the gym.
1187;5;If you like this CD,  you will enjoy them.
1187;6;If you like this CD,  you will enjoy them.
1187;7;It isn't music that you want to race cars to (effectively  atleast) but it is a great cd.
1187;8;The lyrics are so beautiful and sad.
1187;9;If you like this CD,  you will enjoy them.
1187;10;This is the perfect cd to listen to when you are making love, when you are high, when you are driving, when you are drunk, when you are tired, when you just want to unwind... and even when you are in the gym.
1186;1;At the time of its release, it captured the magic of his career, however, since his recent compilation, it would be good to see alternative songs and a re-release.
1186;2;Almost all the hits msot radio fans are familliar with are here, including "Band On The Run", "Live And Let Die", "Say, Say, Say" (with Michael Jackson), "Ebony And Ivory" (with Stevie Wonder), "Listen To What The Man Said" and "My Love"...-"C Moon" is a rare track only available as B - side...-The booklet contains lyrics and some great pictures...-The tracks sound great...Negatives:.
1186;3;At the time of its release, it captured the magic of his career, however, since his recent compilation, it would be good to see alternative songs and a re-release.
1186;4;"Silly Love Songs," sporting a strong bassline, asks a time old question why we need those love songs.
1186;5;At the time of its release, it captured the magic of his career, however, since his recent compilation, it would be good to see alternative songs and a re-release.
1186;6;Great music for a drive or for that weekend day where you are cleaning house and you want something light, that you can sing-a-long to in the background.
1186;7;Great music for a drive or for that weekend day where you are cleaning house and you want something light, that you can sing-a-long to in the background.
1186;8;But the songs themselves do deserve 5 stars, and the 20 page booklet includes all lyrics, and plenty of photos of Paul and Linda.
1186;9;His use of various instruments and styles is always fresh and fun to listen to.
1186;10;I Have mixed feeling about this cd, I LOVE it because it is All his best, and it is ALL essential stuff.
1185;1;Security Jones reminds us of how much fun a good "pat-down" can be, if it is done in the right way by the right person.
1185;2;Great Pagoda and Mona seem to draw from Negative Girl.
1185;3;good album from a master.
1185;4;"The H Gang" and "Security Joan" are astute social satires.
1185;5;"The H Gang" and "Security Joan" are astute social satires.
1185;6;Very clean, detailed and also open and airy sound.
1185;7;"The H Gang" and "Security Joan" are astute social satires.
1185;8;Musically, "Joan" is the weakest cut on the album, but Fagen's lyrics still amuse, and I chuckle every time I hear him say "search me now."
1185;9;It sounds so cool, with the right "urban nightlife touches"that makes you want to dance all night long to the beat.
1185;10;So when Fagen or Steely Dan put out a new disc, I usually get it, love it, and keep it to myself...The first time I listened to Morph the Cat, that's about how it appeared--another solid Fagen album to keep me happy for a couple years until their next release.
1184;1;One article featured a very  good prescription of the early Foo's, saying that they are some kind of  hardcore Beach Boys.
1184;2;All in all this is a winner and a fine album to add to any collection.
1184;3;Alone+Easy Target: Another good song, with a relaxed verse, and then a fiery and strong chorus which is the highlight of the song.
1184;4;All in all this is a winner and a fine album to add to any collection.
1184;5;All in all this is a winner and a fine album to add to any collection.
1184;6;"Foo Fighters" is a clean sounding, guitar-driven gem of an album, precise, poppy and hard rocking all at once.
1184;7;All in all this is a winner and a fine album to add to any collection.
1184;8;All of Grohl's songs (with the slight exeption of "For all the Cows") makes an wonderful blend of music ranging from hardcore  rock to moderate pop, a kickass drummer, and brilliant(if nonsensical)  lyrics.
1184;9;yeah it's great to have meaningful lyrics but sometimes you need a bit of fun and goofiness.i think grohl was trying to target the grunge fans who loved nirvana but also trying to get too the pop fans aswell and he suceeded in makin' a great solo album with the foo fighters.P.S greg dulli plays guitar on X-static
1184;10;There two different bands, and you would love both bands even if you didn't know the connection.
1191;1;I highly recommend this album, it is  absolutely fantastic.
1191;2;An underrated gem is Tony Banks' "Heathhaze"... as well as Collins' sad "Please Don't Ask".
1191;3;Since this was my first exposure to a full Genesis album , having only heard The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway on the radio , the fact that I loved this album so much speaks volumes as to how good it is.
1191;4;Like any great Genesis album, there are masterful instrumental passages  which not only showcase Tony's keyboard wizardry and strong melodic sense,  but some of the most powerful bass and drums ever captured on record.
1191;5;Three brilliant solo albums that focuses on each member's individual talents that were pooled together to create Duke.
1191;6;Phil Collins offers his first two  compositions, singles in nature, but somehow absolutely at home on this  recording.
1191;7;I have always thought of this album as being influenced by the new wave music of the time , shorter , keyboard and guitar driven songs.
1191;8;Opening with one of the greatest progressive rock opuses, "Behind The  Lines", Duke takes the listener on a rollercoaster journey of moods,  emotions, and musical styles that leave you breathless.
1191;9;In these last two numbers, Tony Banks secures his spot as one of rocks most talented and unique keyboardists, as his nimble arpeggios dance to Collins tom-heavy jungle beats...Many Genesis fans are reluctant to admit the fact that, even on their finest albums, there are a number of misfires.
1191;10;This is the album that started my love of Genesis.
1190;1;I love Marc so any time he sings I enjoy it.
1190;2;This is a great CD, full of romance, longing and you can feel the pain of his lyrics, all of his emotions for the lost of the woman he loved.
1190;3;this is a very good CD from a great vocalist.Marc Anthony is one of my favorites and always puts out a great CD
1190;4;He performed on the Latin Grammys and wowed me.
1190;5;He performed on the Latin Grammys and wowed me.
1190;6;He performed on the Latin Grammys and wowed me.
1190;7;He performed on the Latin Grammys and wowed me.
1190;8;This is a great CD, full of romance, longing and you can feel the pain of his lyrics, all of his emotions for the lost of the woman he loved.
1190;9;This album is great to listen and dance to.
1190;10;Love it, love it, love it!!!
1189;1;Also a great song to play when you're trying to win back your lover in a fun way.
1189;2;This album is really really good all the songs are great if your a Justin bieber fan I suggest u buy the Walmart Exclusive of this cd The Extra 2 songs and the blue cover And 5 exclusive Photos are worth it The only thing that sucks is I was expecting What Do you Mean?
1189;3;Justin reaches divine high notes and showcases how much of a good singer he really is.
1189;4;Its also a good workout song.
1189;5;Also a great song to play when you're trying to win back your lover in a fun way.
1189;6;Also a great song to play when you're trying to win back your lover in a fun way.
1189;7;Love Yourself: This is a nice acoustic guitar driven ballad with some of the more mature and modern lyricism.
1189;8;Yes we all know the lyrics are simple and not very impressive, but the vocal delivery is top notch.
1189;9;Also a great song to play when you're trying to win back your lover in a fun way.
1189;10;This is the type of infectious song that many will love to hate.
1188;1;"Hitch Hike" is a fun, mid-paced song, "The Last Time" is a classic with great guitar licks/riffs, "Good Times" is a little on the R & B-ish side but still fits well here, "I'm All Right" is a live recording but another great rocker that's very energetic and cool!
1188;2;It's casually bluesy and has clever lyrics.
1188;3;Their remake of Sam Cooke's "Good Times" is a nice change of pace for Mick and his mates.
1188;4;It's casually bluesy and has clever lyrics.
1188;5;An excellent study in what the Stones were all about in their formative years.
1188;6;Barring that happening, the new remaster sounds great and I have enjoyed pumping up the volume at home and in the car...My favorites:.
1188;7;Barring that happening, the new remaster sounds great and I have enjoyed pumping up the volume at home and in the car...My favorites:.
1188;8;It's casually bluesy and has clever lyrics.
1188;9;"Spider And The Fly" is a humorous song that's lots of fun!
1188;10;"Cry To Me" and "That's How Strong My Love Is" I believe are the weakest on here!
1195;1;The songs are so good, so wonderful, that if you hear it first, the other albums won't be able to live up to the standard you've set in your mind.
1195;2;Even though the styles of the three Styx song writers are different, the album has a great flow and there's not a bad song on it.
1195;3;The songs are so good, so wonderful, that if you hear it first, the other albums won't be able to live up to the standard you've set in your mind.
1195;4;The album has a lot of variety.
1195;5;The album has a lot of variety.
1195;6;The album has a lot of variety.
1195;7;The album has a lot of variety.
1195;8;It's one of those songs with sad lyrics but happy music, and it works.
1195;9;Tommy Shaw gives us some fun lyrics over great hooks with "Too Much Time," and JY even has his best moment with "Snowblind."
1195;10;I love much of Styx's music, but I would have to say that "Paradise Theater" is just about the best album they ever came out with.
1194;1;This is also a good collection to check out if you enjoy some of his other songs where he musically experiments, although they are not on this compilation (such as Desert Rose, Brand New Day, etc.)
1194;2;They're all good songs, especially the hit single "When We Dance"...Negatives:.
1194;3;They're all good songs, especially the hit single "When We Dance"...Negatives:.
1194;4;It is a tale of Newcastle, England and growing up among the shipyards, and an emotional Sting making an album about his father.
1194;5;It is a tale of Newcastle, England and growing up among the shipyards, and an emotional Sting making an album about his father.
1194;6;It is a tale of Newcastle, England and growing up among the shipyards, and an emotional Sting making an album about his father.
1194;7;Great music, atmosphere and very easy to listen to while driving, relaxing, or to set the mood.
1194;8;His lyrics are about love, the pursuit of love, unrequited love.
1194;9;'When we dance' it's such a beautiful tune... I remember every time I listen to it when I got my copy of the CD.
1194;10;Fields of Gold-The Best  by Sting contains powerful singing vocals coupled with brilliant songs of brilliant musical experimentation
1193;1;These two songs are up there with INXS' best...  The songs that Americans most probably like the best, like Need You Tonight and New Sensation, are not as good, in my opinion, but they are of a standard which makes this album a 5 star album...i.e. they may not be great, but they are much more than filler...  This album also includes a cover of the classic Australian song "The loved one".
1193;2;This is an awesome CD.
1193;3;These two songs are up there with INXS' best...  The songs that Americans most probably like the best, like Need You Tonight and New Sensation, are not as good, in my opinion, but they are of a standard which makes this album a 5 star album...i.e. they may not be great, but they are much more than filler...  This album also includes a cover of the classic Australian song "The loved one".
1193;4;This is an awesome CD.
1193;5;This is an awesome CD.
1193;6;This is an awesome CD.
1193;7;Every song is top-notch, proving that INXS, along with The Police, U2, REM, Simple Minds, The Call, The Cars, and a few other 80s "new wave" bands, truly deserve to rank as "classic rock" along with the great bands of the 60s and 70s, and 80s hard rockers such as Bon Jovi, Y&T, Cinderella, and a few others.
1193;8;This is an awesome CD.
1193;9;If you are interested  in some of the best dance music of the 1980's or you want to listen to  upbeat, fun music featuring a great rhythm section, this CD will be  interesting to you.
1193;10;These two songs are up there with INXS' best...  The songs that Americans most probably like the best, like Need You Tonight and New Sensation, are not as good, in my opinion, but they are of a standard which makes this album a 5 star album...i.e. they may not be great, but they are much more than filler...  This album also includes a cover of the classic Australian song "The loved one".
1192;1;An intriguing and worm-like synthesizer/organ theme repeats itself several times, with Hackett's guitar joining in for good measure.
1192;2;Too bad it will never make it on a best of Genesis album!
1192;3;An intriguing and worm-like synthesizer/organ theme repeats itself several times, with Hackett's guitar joining in for good measure.
1192;4;It is more animated than the previous track, is composed of several different sections, and is a keyboard workout for Tony Banks.
1192;5;The lyrics of the song create the most beautiful poem I have ever read.
1192;6;Hackett's guitar finds some rare glory in this section...Lyrically, this song tells the story of a mouse that finds itself in a house where it is suddenly discovered by the owners.
1192;7;Such delicacy, coupled with such unbridled power and drive, are heard in quantities approaching those on 'Wind' virtually nowhere else in the music world, and this is exemplified by this song.
1192;8;The lyrics are performed in a very straightforward sort of manner, though the rhythm is often unusual.
1192;9;It's a very fun song...Blood on the Rooftops is Steve's main album contribution, with Phil helping to write the chorus.
1192;10;The final part is a reprise of the first section, along with a conclusion (which harkens back to the introduction, expanding this theme and ending on the decay of a massive chord)...Lyrically, this song seems to tell the story of a child who loves his father despite the man's neglect of his son.
1199;1;If you enjoy James Ingram's music or Quincy Jones then you would definitely enjoy this album it is  a must have for any Quincy Jones or James Ingram's fan!!!!
1199;2;Also there is the hit ballad Somewhere Out There which can make you cry because it's so good and the beautiful yet sad song I Don't Have The Heart and the old classic favourite Baby Come To Me.
1199;3;Also there is the hit ballad Somewhere Out There which can make you cry because it's so good and the beautiful yet sad song I Don't Have The Heart and the old classic favourite Baby Come To Me.
1199;4;He inspires me when he sings "Remember the Dream" He encourages me when he sings.
1199;5;He inspires me when he sings "Remember the Dream" He encourages me when he sings.
1199;6;He inspires me when he sings "Remember the Dream" He encourages me when he sings.
1199;7;He inspires me when he sings "Remember the Dream" He encourages me when he sings.
1199;8;Also there is the hit ballad Somewhere Out There which can make you cry because it's so good and the beautiful yet sad song I Don't Have The Heart and the old classic favourite Baby Come To Me.
1199;9;He inspires me when he sings "Remember the Dream" He encourages me when he sings.
1199;10;and is every person far apart from someone they love.
1198;1;this is good fun music.
1198;2;There is some terrific singing and amazing guitar in many of these tunes (check out "Do It Roger" and "Doo Waa Ditty".....too bad we're missing "Playin' Kinda Ruff").
1198;3;This collection is an overall good representation of Zapps work.
1198;4;This is a great CD to workout to, dance, or when you are just crusin the streets.
1198;5;All of their hits for a true Zapp & Roger fan!
1198;6;All of their hits for a true Zapp & Roger fan!
1198;7;All of their hits for a true Zapp & Roger fan!
1198;8;There is some terrific singing and amazing guitar in many of these tunes (check out "Do It Roger" and "Doo Waa Ditty".....too bad we're missing "Playin' Kinda Ruff").
1198;9;This collection has the truly fun pieces that we all remember.
1198;10;A friend of mine was sharing his R&B collection that he loved and he included Roger Troutman among them.
1197;1;music that will put you in a good mood one cannot help from enjoying the tunes
1197;2;It took a heck of a lot of travelling and good fortune to make this band a reality...It's also interesting how each of the four band members are very very different, both appearance and personality-wise.
1197;3;It took a heck of a lot of travelling and good fortune to make this band a reality...It's also interesting how each of the four band members are very very different, both appearance and personality-wise.
1197;4;It took a heck of a lot of travelling and good fortune to make this band a reality...It's also interesting how each of the four band members are very very different, both appearance and personality-wise.
1197;5;Upon reading the liner notes, you will quickly discover just many coincidences had to go exactly right in order to establish such a perfect blend of musicians.
1197;6;It took a heck of a lot of travelling and good fortune to make this band a reality...It's also interesting how each of the four band members are very very different, both appearance and personality-wise.
1197;7;It took a heck of a lot of travelling and good fortune to make this band a reality...It's also interesting how each of the four band members are very very different, both appearance and personality-wise.
1197;8;Great chorus...About one and a half minutes in, you'll think about the Beatles "Taxman" upon hearing the lyrics to "Taxman, Mr. Thief" and that's honestly quite okay because such lyrics make me think about the Beatles too!
1197;9;It took a heck of a lot of travelling and good fortune to make this band a reality...It's also interesting how each of the four band members are very very different, both appearance and personality-wise.
1197;10;"Mandocello" is a great love song, and my girlfriend and I have made that (and "Voices") our song.
1196;1;There are quite a few good tracks on this album.
1196;2;I feel like I hit two birds with one stone with this album.
1196;3;There are quite a few good tracks on this album.
1196;4;I feel like I hit two birds with one stone with this album.
1196;5;I feel like I hit two birds with one stone with this album.
1196;6;I feel like I hit two birds with one stone with this album.
1196;7;A nostalgic trip for both me and my daughter.
1196;8;I love how he magically melds very creative songwriting lyrics with his very unique voice.
1196;9;I feel like I hit two birds with one stone with this album.
1196;10;I love how he magically melds very creative songwriting lyrics with his very unique voice.
1202;1;Not Rumours but still a good album that holds up over the years.
1202;2;Its one of those albums where the bad songs are part of making the good even better, and making the overall quality of the album superb...This album have a very special place with me.
1202;3;Its one of those albums where the bad songs are part of making the good even better, and making the overall quality of the album superb...This album have a very special place with me.
1202;4;This is some great music by Fleetwood Mac.
1202;5;This is some great music by Fleetwood Mac.
1202;6;This is some great music by Fleetwood Mac.
1202;7;Such a great disc for road trips too!
1202;8;Lovely rythm's great lyrics and just sweet to drift away with, one of the best fleetwood mac albums in my opinion.
1202;9;My room mate made fun of the grunts in "Big Love," but I think they are done perfectly and lovely!
1202;10;While Mirage is only really memorable for a couple of tracks - "Gypsy" and "Hold Me" - Tango In the Night delivers from start to finish...The strongest player on the record is obviously Lindsey Buckingham, simply because of his hand in production and standout cuts like the debut single, "Big Love," as well as "Caroline" and "Tango In the Night."
1203;1;Enjoy the music and videos of the coolest R&B singer.
1203;2;She had so much promise and was going to be so much larger than she was.
1203;3;P.S the dvd is good too!
1203;4;She had so much promise and was going to be so much larger than she was.
1203;5;She had so much promise and was going to be so much larger than she was.
1203;6;She had so much promise and was going to be so much larger than she was.
1203;7;She had so much promise and was going to be so much larger than she was.
1203;8;With an infectious hook and longing lyrics, it's really easy to see.why it's a fan favorite.
1203;9;She had a lot of tight dances.
1203;10;I Care 4 U is Aaliyah at her best and I LOVE it.
1200;1;This is very good and shows off Enya's amazing talent.
1200;2;Theres a deep quiet beauty to these sad songs, entrancing.
1200;3;This is one of my favorite CD's to drift off to sleep with.
1200;4;That may seem like an exaggeration if you listen to it as background only, for you must drop your barriers to really experience it...The album as a whole is fresh and youthful, almost spare compared to her later work - Enya in embryonic form.
1200;5;She moved away to attend college, wanting to become a classical pianist, studying music and also painting...Enya worked with Clannad (the band composed of three of her siblings and her twin uncles), in 1980, playing keyboard and providing backing vocals on their album "<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Crann-Ull/dp/B000001JAR/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Crann Ull</a>", she toured and performed with them for two years, and became an official member of the band with the release of "<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Fuaim/dp/B000002IVB/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fuaim</a>" in 1981.
1200;6;That may seem like an exaggeration if you listen to it as background only, for you must drop your barriers to really experience it...The album as a whole is fresh and youthful, almost spare compared to her later work - Enya in embryonic form.
1200;7;Enya all her recordings take a person on a wonderful trip
1200;8;I agree with one reviewer here in saying that it contains a wonderful booklet showing beautiful photographs and lyrics to some songs, but the real beauty is in the music itself.
1200;9;Her grandparents were in a band that played throughout Ireland, her father was the lead singer of the Slieve Foy Band before opening his own tavern, and her mother played in a dance band and later was a music teacher.
1200;10;I love Enya, have most all of her stuff, and this is a great collection of songs.
1201;1;They were good back in the '70s and '80s -- and their music still makes me happy in 2014!
1201;2;The whole band is terrific,  and it is sad that they made so few albums before internal frictions broke  them apart.
1201;3;Though unlike their debut album it doesn't contain a classic hit like "Sultans of Swing", as an album "Communique" is nearly as good.
1201;4;What a great band in their prime!
1201;5;What a great band in their prime!
1201;6;Follow me Home is a good end to the album, making this a must-have for anyone who likes Dire Straits, 80's music or just Rock in general.
1201;7;What a great band in their prime!
1201;8;By that time  I was familiar with their  unique and unforgettable sound and also their very introspective lyrics.
1201;9;My personal favorite on the album "Single Handed Sailor" is next, it's fun to listen to and a great song all-in-all.
1201;10;I  came to love this album as much as "Love Over Gold", and several of the  cuts are my favorites.
1206;1;These songs are a great snapshot of Dylan's reaction to the public's insatiable desire for serious music and an essential step in The Band's evolution from The Hawks, to Dylan's backing band, to their own unique animal...It's great to hear Dylan and the boys having a good time, and I don't really mind if the songs are half-baked--the playing is top notch, and the fun they're having is infectious.
1206;2;What they are is clever and brilliant and if someone can't see that or find enjoyment in their wit then that is a sad indictment indeed.
1206;3;These songs are a great snapshot of Dylan's reaction to the public's insatiable desire for serious music and an essential step in The Band's evolution from The Hawks, to Dylan's backing band, to their own unique animal...It's great to hear Dylan and the boys having a good time, and I don't really mind if the songs are half-baked--the playing is top notch, and the fun they're having is infectious.
1206;4;this is one of my favorite bob dylan records...I really don't care where or how it was made, it's perfect.
1206;5;From the viewpoint of a study in Americana, this stands as one of the best albums ever issued.
1206;6;This double disc document is given the proper CD treatment, and of course for an album recorded in a basement in Big Pink (The Band's house at that time), the remastered polish has its limits, but the rough recording is part of the charm of "The Basement Tapes"--no matter the less than perfect recording, the album boasts some of the most wonderful compositions and musicianship of the era.
1206;7;this is one of my favorite bob dylan records...I really don't care where or how it was made, it's perfect.
1206;8;Songs like "Million Dollar Bash" and "Please Mrs. Henry" reflect Bob's still razor-sharp skill with lyrics, but also his humor which hadn't been this straight-up since his early albums (before the expectations).
1206;9;These songs are a great snapshot of Dylan's reaction to the public's insatiable desire for serious music and an essential step in The Band's evolution from The Hawks, to Dylan's backing band, to their own unique animal...It's great to hear Dylan and the boys having a good time, and I don't really mind if the songs are half-baked--the playing is top notch, and the fun they're having is infectious.
1206;10;I'd love to hear the complete Tapes, but mostly I'm just happy that I have these CD-quality versions to listen to.
1207;1;I am very impressed by Sharon's passion and emotion in her vocal performance and that adds to the already good music behind her.
1207;2;I thought their last one The Heart of Everything was a masterpiece, and this one is almost just as good, although they've changed their style slightly to a more radio friendly format, but that is not a negative.
1207;3;I'm always on the hunt for good new music.
1207;4;He loved it, and and uses some of the songs to workout to.
1207;5;Reading some other reviews on here, I can tell I'm not alone with that sentiment: Stariway to the Skies is worth the price of the CD alone...All in all, "The Unforgiving" is simply an amazing CD.
1207;6;As stated above, The "Unforgiving" is a unique blend of 80's pop flare + classical music with rock / metal overtones- all which could be a top 40 hit on the radio.
1207;7;I love the spoken parts...raises the hair on my neck...great vocals, great drive.
1207;8;It has some rather interesting lyrics, emotion, and a haunting backing choir/orchestration.
1207;9;Within Temptation have released another dramatic, fun, and creative album.
1207;10;The more I listen to the CD, the more I love what I'm listening to.
1204;1;"I Zimbra" is a fun, funky bit of worldbeat nonsense with a fantastic guitar solo courtesy of Robert Fripp
1204;2;It was a sad end to a great band with a great sound.
1204;3;It's dark, it's funny, it's artsy (in a good way), it's 100% unique, like the Talking Heads in general.
1204;4;Nonsense lyrics, great bass....it sets the record up nicely.
1204;5;But the way these songs are performed is gripping and provides them a weight you'd never suspect from a cursory read through the lyrics.
1204;6;One notable line describes Memphis as the "home of Elvis and the ancient Greeks."
1204;7;Nonsense lyrics, great bass....it sets the record up nicely.
1204;8;Nonsense lyrics, great bass....it sets the record up nicely.
1204;9;"I Zimbra" is a fun, funky bit of worldbeat nonsense with a fantastic guitar solo courtesy of Robert Fripp
1204;10;But those two songs are a couple of my favorites on the album!
1205;1;Good fun song about, I think, a stalker.
1205;2;That's the idea behind "Everything Must Go," the brilliant title track to Steely Dan's new album.
1205;3;But to most long-time fans, the critical issues are:  Is the music good?
1205;4;That's the idea behind "Everything Must Go," the brilliant title track to Steely Dan's new album.
1205;5;I read the lyrics to "godwhacker" and "everything must go," and was once again amazed at the piercing and timely poignancy of them.
1205;6;But it is incredibly clean and wonderful popular jazz music.
1205;7;Great funky song, lots of smoldering drive ala "Jack of Speed", especially with that tight guitar groove.
1205;8;And are the lyrics interesting and clever?
1205;9;Walter Becker, Donald Fagen and a fine tenor sax player named Walt Weiskopf handle most of the solos, and it's kind of fun to hear, for the first time since Pretzel Logic, a whole Steely Dan album that sounds like a band at work, showing the range of their instrumental prowess.
1205;10;Great record...back to that noise that made us love them all those years ago.
1210;1;I was ready for a good album, but the precision of these tracks, the clarity of Bob's voice, the song selection, everything here is fantastic.
1210;2;My personal favorite songs- Tonight I'll be staying here with you, Simple twist of fate, Mama you been on my mind, I shall be released, It's all over now baby blue, Love minus zero/no limit, Tangled up in blue,Sara, Knockin on heaven's door, and the beautiful version of the traditional song The water is wide.
1210;3;As good as the NET shows are, this really captured Bob at the peakin of his performing prowess.
1210;4;I and my friends forever appreciate that the musicians cared enough about the young people in these types of smaller communities to come and play in places like local college gyms.
1210;5;To fully appreciate "Rolling Thunder Review", I highly recommend the book "On the Road with Bob Dylan", the 1978 book by Larry "Ratso" Sloman (recently reissued), a personal account of that tour, and a truly engaging read.
1210;6;This is a great album and a little more polished than hard rain, but i do have a soft spot for hard rain and sure hope they expand and fix that up for a home dvd/bluray release
1210;7;Dylan sound so alive on these warm, vibrant recordings...and the electric cuts are driven along by a big, unwieldy band which turns out an overpowering sound that feels almost inevitable, as if it is the only way these songs could be played, even when you've heard them a hundred times before in other arrangements.
1210;8;Dylan fanatics will immediately notice that several of the lyrics have changed, giving songs a whole new twist, especially in what must be one of Dylan's own favorites, the ever-evolving "Tangled Up in Blue."
1210;9;This is a loud, fun, beautiful album.
1210;10;And it's packaged with the love and care that has marked all Columbia's previous Dylan Bootleg releases.
1211;1;This is a fresh sound reminiscent of Jack White's style (white stripes etc) Good riffs and tunes you can hum to.
1211;2;It really rocks, sounds great, and not a single filler in here.
1211;3;This is a fresh sound reminiscent of Jack White's style (white stripes etc) Good riffs and tunes you can hum to.
1211;4;This album rocks hard - a perfect workout companion.
1211;5;It really rocks, sounds great, and not a single filler in here.
1211;6;It really rocks, sounds great, and not a single filler in here.
1211;7;A blazing altrock masterpiece, "Royal Blood" delivers a high energy ferocious lead bass, driving rhythms, and inventive song wriring into a wonderful garage rock blues brew.
1211;8;The lyrics go great with the upbeat and brooding soundtrack.
1211;9;It really rocks, sounds great, and not a single filler in here.
1211;10;Great band great cd love it
1208;1;It is every bit as good as I had hoped.
1208;2;Aloe Blacc has a old school vintage classic feel to his sound' but he has a style authentic and his own unique.
1208;3;It is every bit as good as I had hoped.
1208;4;The kids love it, they dance to it, sing along with it, some great travel tunes for sure, not to mention something fun to put on at the gym to get you going.
1208;5;Aloe Blacc has a old school vintage classic feel to his sound' but he has a style authentic and his own unique.
1208;6;Cruise music, clean up the house on sat music, entertain guest or urself music, good CLEAN uplifting grown folks music.
1208;7;Fresh & new different and nice when traveling long distances.
1208;8;This one hits the emotions a lot harder than Aviciis.
1208;9;The kids love it, they dance to it, sing along with it, some great travel tunes for sure, not to mention something fun to put on at the gym to get you going.
1208;10;I love his voice, his style and I really love his artistry.
1209;1;From the first song you know that this is going to be good.
1209;2;This album ages like a fine wine.
1209;3;From the first song you know that this is going to be good.
1209;4;This album ages like a fine wine.
1209;5;This album ages like a fine wine.
1209;6;This album ages like a fine wine.
1209;7;This band has a driving sound that draws me in.
1209;8;Sully does have a very unique voice and the lyrics are dark but man they are awesome.
1209;9;Definitely something for your rock parties.
1209;10;I love the heaviness of this album.
1214;1;I strongly recommend this album to anyone who enjoys good music.
1214;2;It's a great song about Taye Diggs and Idina because I know that their relationship has come under attack in the past...5.
1214;3;It's still a good song and one for when you're afraid to do something.
1214;4;It's a great song about Taye Diggs and Idina because I know that their relationship has come under attack in the past...5.
1214;5;It's a great song about Taye Diggs and Idina because I know that their relationship has come under attack in the past...5.
1214;6;I played this while cleaning my house, and while relaxing.
1214;7;It's a great driving album...cause I can attempt to sing along and no one can hear me!
1214;8;It's got a great beat and great lyrics co-written by James Blunt.
1214;9;My little one loved it as well and danced around while it was playing.
1214;10;Better to have loved- 5/5 My favorite song on the album.
1215;1;Most of the songs are upbeat but there is a great ballad, Let it Rain (on me) that provides a nice contrast...This is an excellent album for what it is - a long way from their early music, but I don't mind when the music is this good.
1215;2;If you're having a bad day, listen to All Night Long or Summertime - it's sure to put you in a cheery mood and make you feel like dancing.
1215;3;Most of the songs are upbeat but there is a great ballad, Let it Rain (on me) that provides a nice contrast...This is an excellent album for what it is - a long way from their early music, but I don't mind when the music is this good.
1215;4;Another outstanding album by The Mavericks, there is something for everyone here.
1215;5;Another outstanding album by The Mavericks, there is something for everyone here.
1215;6;Another outstanding album by The Mavericks, there is something for everyone here.
1215;7;Ska rythms that bring to mind artists such as Desmond Dekker or the Skatalites, will certainly sound great coming from a car stereo on your way to the beach or Summertime cookout.
1215;8;The lyrics are stunning, the delivery extraordinary.
1215;9;Heard them on npr...MKMO is  really fun to listen and dance around to
1215;10;I love the Latin flair they give to their music and I think Raol Malo is a wonderful songwriter.
1212;1;Many good songs here, especially Just Like Heaven.
1212;2;Many good songs here, especially Just Like Heaven.
1212;3;Many good songs here, especially Just Like Heaven.
1212;4;Many good songs here, especially Just Like Heaven.
1212;5;Many good songs here, especially Just Like Heaven.
1212;6;Many good songs here, especially Just Like Heaven.
1212;7;I mostly bought this because of the price ($6.99)and because I wanted to be able to listen to it in the car, and it's introduced me to other songs I didn't previously know - definitely worth it!
1212;8;Many good songs here, especially Just Like Heaven.
1212;9;It's quite fun and again very much a Cure piece...  This brings us to the last three songs on the album.
1212;10;Oldie but goodie,I love it
1213;1;A fantastic trip down memory lane.
1213;2;Wonderful line up and great "Oldies" songs.
1213;3;They've all been good, but Still The King is simply exceptional.
1213;4;Wonderful line up and great "Oldies" songs.
1213;5;Wonderful line up and great "Oldies" songs.
1213;6;Wonderful line up and great "Oldies" songs.
1213;7;A fantastic trip down memory lane.
1213;8;Wonderful line up and great "Oldies" songs.
1213;9;This would be a great album to host a swing dance party with...
1213;10;Love Asleep At The Wheel, love Bob Wills.
1375;1;Good songs are still good songs, and maybe one day when my son is a little older, I'll play this CD in the car and the chain will go on?!
1375;2;Their choice of material is top-notch.
1375;3;Good songs are still good songs, and maybe one day when my son is a little older, I'll play this CD in the car and the chain will go on?!
1375;4;Unbelievably, they are still touring, with Peter and Paul now in their seventies, and I am sure they are as terrific on stage now as they were when I first saw them in the Boys' Club gym in my home town one snowy Friday night in December of 1963, about three weeks after JFK was assassinated.
1375;5;The chord progressions and creative arrangements are focused yet very pleasing to the ear.
1375;6;Unbelievably, they are still touring, with Peter and Paul now in their seventies, and I am sure they are as terrific on stage now as they were when I first saw them in the Boys' Club gym in my home town one snowy Friday night in December of 1963, about three weeks after JFK was assassinated.
1375;7;Good songs are still good songs, and maybe one day when my son is a little older, I'll play this CD in the car and the chain will go on?!
1375;8;On John Denver's excellent "I'm Leaving On A Jet Plane," the trio captures the fear and hopefulness of the lyrics.
1375;9;Their choice of material is top-notch.
1375;10;What's so good about this trio is their superior choice of materials coupled with the ability to give the materials the right treatment that they deserve, whether they are Bob Dylan, Gordon Lightfoot or John Denver tunes.
1374;1;music is so beautiful shipped quick she is very happy.
1374;2;Bought this CD for one song but I love the whole CD!
1374;3;Empires, their most recent release is good too!
1374;4;Bought this CD for one song but I love the whole CD!
1374;5;Bought this CD for one song but I love the whole CD!
1374;6;Bought this CD for one song but I love the whole CD!
1374;7;Solid worship for background, intimate, travel, sleepless nights, and just about all moments of life.
1374;8;The songs were terrific and the lyrics were powerful.
1374;9;Bought this CD for one song but I love the whole CD!
1374;10;Bought this CD for one song but I love the whole CD!
1373;1;It was a good purchase and I enjoy the music too.
1373;2;Overall, this is a great start for a bad that could have put out a mediocre CD, but they put out an epic one.
1373;3;I don't believe any of them are under the age of twenty - they have the world at their feet, and you can hear it in the guitar riffs, heartfelt declarations of love and wistfulness, and the production is so good!
1373;4;Play this great album, Up All Night, if you are up all night, want to get motivated to go out and do a workout or just about anything.
1373;5;I Wish - Melody is the focus here, as this is one of the more mature sounding tracks on the album.
1373;6;The five wonderful, charismatic and talented young men who sing and dance in beautiful harmony have a wonderful old school quality to their voices and style.
1373;7;Listened to it a lot - while I work and in the car.
1373;8;Their lyrics are so positive and full of life.
1373;9;It is fun and some of the songs have a great dance feel.
1373;10;I don't believe any of them are under the age of twenty - they have the world at their feet, and you can hear it in the guitar riffs, heartfelt declarations of love and wistfulness, and the production is so good!
1372;1;You Love the Thunder, with Rosemary Butler as a tremendous backup voice, is a good song and Rosie, despite its unique subject matter, is a decent song that gets a lot of airtime still.
1372;2;It's fun
1372;3;You Love the Thunder, with Rosemary Butler as a tremendous backup voice, is a good song and Rosie, despite its unique subject matter, is a decent song that gets a lot of airtime still.
1372;4;For the Running on Empty Tour, with a tremendous assist from his opening act Karla Bonoff, Browne moved into the big sports arenas playing to 20000 a night.
1372;5;The title track is Browne's best known  song, but there are many other classics here, culminating with "The  Load Out/Stay," which turns into a surprise duet.
1372;6;The title track is Browne's best known  song, but there are many other classics here, culminating with "The  Load Out/Stay," which turns into a surprise duet.
1372;7;It is as stark a view as one is able to get of  the bumps in the road for a travelling band.
1372;8;It's fun
1372;9;It's fun
1372;10;This was music of my generation and I love it.
1371;1;In the City: Joe Walsh takes the vocals on this song and he was riding high the previous year with his smash hit 'Life's Been Good, Don Henley sings lead on the chorus and Joe Walsh sings lead on the verses, and it's a great song that should've been on Greatest Hits 2.
1371;2;Sad Cafe: I think that they picked the perfect closer for the album, we all know that this is going to be their last album for 15 years and it's nice that they ended it with a classic song, this is rather a ballad type tune and I'm surprised that this song wasn't released as a single.
1371;3;In the City: Joe Walsh takes the vocals on this song and he was riding high the previous year with his smash hit 'Life's Been Good, Don Henley sings lead on the chorus and Joe Walsh sings lead on the verses, and it's a great song that should've been on Greatest Hits 2.
1371;4;This album is a Eagles classic!!!
1371;5;This album is a Eagles classic!!!
1371;6;So they took one of their long "vacations" and came back with THE LONG RUN, and just like Led Zeppelin's Houses Of The Holy follow-up to their masterwork, it was a piece of art which took some time to grow and demonstrate it's true artistic value.
1371;7;Great moody pieces which explore the darker side of life are "Disco Strangler", "King Of Hollywood", "Those Shoes" (which has a great driving bass beat and an amazing killer guitar solo), and "Teenage Jail" (which also has great guitar and I believe a really nice synth solo - they meld into each other, I think...although it may just be one guitar....).
1371;8;Maybe my favorite songs on the album is the Don Henley penned, "The Sad Cafe" which is sort of an elegy for the ideals that were so popular during the late 1960s...I love that song for its poignant lyrics and beautiful singing from The Eagles drummer.
1371;9;This album is a Eagles classic!!!
1371;10;But for me, I love this album for its catchy hits, lovely ballads, and yes, it's darkly moody pieces as well.
1370;1;very happy, buy with confidence
1370;2;There is some great Keyboard work in this track...Overall, there isn't a bad track on this collection.
1370;3;You can get a really good deal on here if you look hard enough.
1370;4;It`s a very strong track featuring the whole band singing and a magnificent guitar work by Mr. Summers (4.5/5).
1370;5;GHOST IN THE MACHINE is also the band's most focused release, with most of the songs revolving around politics or government
1370;6;He also enjoyed my DVD of Sting back in his home town.
1370;7;Side two starts with another sax and wild guitar driven sounding song "Too Much Information" and is a nice song.
1370;8;Great lyrics, magnificent performance (5/5).
1370;9;A political theme runs through the album with "Invisible Sun" being about the troubles in Northern Ireland at the time, and "Rehumanize Yourself" making a damning reference to a far right political party...The musical sophistication, intelligence, high energy and creative imagination of this band was incredible.
1370;10;I love the Police and their music still makes me move!
1369;1;Has all the really good songs on it.
1369;2;They didn't feel too bad I think,they got nominated for Best New Artist at Grammy's.
1369;3;Has all the really good songs on it.
1369;4;Great cd for a bands first  album.
1369;5;On "Headknocker","Long Long Way From Home" and "At War With The World" showcase a punchier guitar grind with more sassiness involved,even talking of people who "don't believe James Dean is dead"...  The brightly focused "Woman Oh Woman" and "Fool For You Anyway" with their more gently acoustic type sound are counterpointed with the albums closer "I Need You",a funkier type rock groove.
1369;6;Great cd for a bands first  album.
1369;7;Great cd for a bands first  album.
1369;8;It was an album that set the stage and helped define 70's rock music (1977)...Foreigner's debut album was IMHO their defining musical moment with contribution of King Crimson's Ian McDonald and the powerful vocals and lyrics of a young Lou Gramm.
1369;9;Great cd for a bands first  album.
1369;10;Feels Like the First Time - loved this song from DAY ONE...Headknocker and Spellbinder - always in my best of play list.
1368;1;Are You Happy Now---very good song, but not the right choice for a kick off single unfortunately.
1368;2;Beautiful song in a sad way.
1368;3;It's You--A.This is a very good song when you're feeling relaxed.
1368;4;This is a great album!
1368;5;This is a great album!
1368;6;This is a great album!
1368;7;In "Hotel Paper" she takes a road trip of different situations and emotions.
1368;8;Her guitar playing is excellent and her lyrics are moving and touching, as usual.
1368;9;Desperatly-reminds me of fun, freedom, and summer...it just has that vibe.
1368;10;I been a fan of Michelle Branch for a while now I got her first album The Spirit Room which is really good there are a lot of great tracks on here I don't skip a single one you can hear how much she has grown on this album well written songs think if you love The Spirit Room you will love this album Michelle is a very talented singer.
1367;1;He did good work with NWA, and his first LP was pretty good, the EP was pretty good, but this album is just fantastic.
1367;2;A friend of mine made a copy for me!
1367;3;The Life Side is bit more controversial, with songs about the US government ("I Wanna Kill Sam"), sellouts ("True to the Game"), and peace between Bloods and Crips ("Color Blind").
1367;4;A friend of mine made a copy for me!
1367;5;Beats & Music: 10/10 Conmpletely stunning production that kind of takes focus away from the lyrics (but in a good way)...Originality: 10/10 In Ice Cube's early stage of his career he was one of the most original rappers to grace the industry, so thumbs WAY up for his originality...Overall, this a true rap classic.
1367;6;A friend of mine made a copy for me!
1367;7;Where "Amerikkka's Most Wanted" was more socially driven this album is more politically driven, it's such a fascinating and brilliant album that whenever I listen to it the themes still hit hard and real.
1367;8;Anyways, besides the incredibly offensive lyrics, which actually increased my liking of this album (I feel that if an album can change my emotions, then it is something special), this is a great album.
1367;9;"I Wanna Kill Sam" attacks the country at large, and "Horny Lil' Devil" pokes fun at white men who come to the hood looking for women and riches.
1367;10;I love this cd by Ice Cube!
1366;1;While I don't quite enjoy everything as I once did, I do find much of it to be quite enjoyable and just fun to listen too.
1366;2;Be it sad like, "Tomorrow come today", or silly like, "5/4", it's always an amazing experience and always a.solid example of creativity
1366;3;Every track on here is great, and not just good, which is something the I can't say for most CDs, including the Gorillaz' own Demon Days album...The first Gorillaz CD is to Gorillaz as Nevermind was to Nirvana.
1366;4;A one two punch after Rock the House: you'll be swimming in musical nirvana after these two.
1366;5;Danger Mouse has set a tone that plays throughout the CD, with each and every track.
1366;6;Danger Mouse has set a tone that plays throughout the CD, with each and every track.
1366;7;In addition to being the driving force behind Blur, one of the best bands in the last 20 years, PERIOD, Damon gets his chance to unleash his experimental side on the music-buying public in the formation of the virtual band Gorillaz.
1366;8;The lyrics, while at once catchy and strange ('she turned my Dad on/she turned my Dad on/ She made me kill myself') are appropriate and unique.
1366;9;While I don't quite enjoy everything as I once did, I do find much of it to be quite enjoyable and just fun to listen too.
1366;10;i won't say there aren't a couple songs i don't fast-forward when i listen to this cd....but in general, this is one of the most extraordinary pop albums made so far this century...the fact it was made 5 years ago truly amazes me.
1365;1;Item was well packaged and arrived in great good condition
1365;2;more filler,then "for you blue".
1365;3;This is a very good George Harrison CD.
1365;4;They are songs we hear frequently, but then it is a "best of" album and they always have the most played songs.
1365;5;They are songs we hear frequently, but then it is a "best of" album and they always have the most played songs.
1365;6;They are songs we hear frequently, but then it is a "best of" album and they always have the most played songs.
1365;7;This is a great cd if you don't want to take your entire Harrison collection with in the car.
1365;8;They are songs we hear frequently, but then it is a "best of" album and they always have the most played songs.
1365;9;They are songs we hear frequently, but then it is a "best of" album and they always have the most played songs.
1365;10;I love this cd because it's all good music that my friends and I like.
1364;1;Item was well packaged and arrived in great good condition
1364;2;more filler,then "for you blue".
1364;3;This is a very good George Harrison CD.
1364;4;Any album by a 'Beatle' always wonderful.
1364;5;Any album by a 'Beatle' always wonderful.
1364;6;Any album by a 'Beatle' always wonderful.
1364;7;This is a great cd if you don't want to take your entire Harrison collection with in the car.
1364;8;Any album by a 'Beatle' always wonderful.
1364;9;Any album by a 'Beatle' always wonderful.
1364;10;I love this but where, on CD, can I find "Crackerbox Palace" and "Here Comes the Moon"...is it released anywhere?
1363;1;Just about every song on this album is good, and digs deep into her emotions, just like on her other albums.
1363;2;It was a true pain to listen to.
1363;3;"Big Exit" evoke Patti Smith with its half-spoken, half-screamed vocal, backed by a relentlessly driving beat
1363;4;"Big Exit," "A Place Called Home" and "Horses In My Dreams" rank right up with the best songs Polly Jean's ever written.
1363;5;"Big Exit," "A Place Called Home" and "Horses In My Dreams" rank right up with the best songs Polly Jean's ever written.
1363;6;A Place Called Home: 9/10.
1363;7;"Big Exit" evoke Patti Smith with its half-spoken, half-screamed vocal, backed by a relentlessly driving beat
1363;8;I was brought to musical ecstasy...The main reason this album excels is its emotion and its lyrics.
1363;9;If you do both things at the same time it is amazingly fun.
1363;10;Instead, "This is love/ This is love/ That I'm feeling/" was chosen...1.
1362;1;If you enjoyed the music when you were watching the film, here is your chance to hear the good music again.
1362;2;This beautiful, evocative CD starts off with David Bowie in "Nature Boy" - An ambient, melancholy song that sets the mood for this sad, grand vision of Baz Luhrmann's.
1362;3;The latin inspired "Rhythm of the Night" is good as are most of the songs on this soundtrack.
1362;4;There's a great remix of Kidman singing 'One Day I'll Fly Away' on that one.
1362;5;There's a great remix of Kidman singing 'One Day I'll Fly Away' on that one.
1362;6;There's a great remix of Kidman singing 'One Day I'll Fly Away' on that one.
1362;7;And on top of your fee, you'll be involved artistically (dancing on your bed and singing in the car).
1362;8;they flooded soo much emotion into their songs.
1362;9;Le Tango de Roxanne is the best piece within the whole album, it makes you just want to get up and dance.
1362;10;"Come What May" is a great romantic number by both Ewan Mcgregor and Kidman, but of course the signature track is the remake of Bob Crewe's  "Lady Marmalade" appropriately  performed by 4 sexy mega pop artists  This musical in a packet will be one of the most listened - to  CD among  the rest and that's a promise.
1361;1;Good CDS, had the album years ago
1361;2;The setlist is incredible and includes just about everything you'd want from BadCo.
1361;3;Good CDS, had the album years ago
1361;4;The setlist is incredible and includes just about everything you'd want from BadCo.
1361;5;The setlist is incredible and includes just about everything you'd want from BadCo.
1361;6;Housed in a very nicely assembled four-way digi-pack fold-out, with a 20-page informative CD booklet.
1361;7;It makes the long trips more enjoyable.
1361;8;The setlist is incredible and includes just about everything you'd want from BadCo.
1361;9;The setlist is incredible and includes just about everything you'd want from BadCo.
1361;10;Having it now for a couple days and it did not disappoint.
1360;1;The song is also highlighted by yet another fantastic chorus, plus there's also another nice melodic, winding solo thrown in for good measure.
1360;2;It's a decent tune, but slows things down right in the middle of the shredding, and really puts a kaibosh on the otherwise relentless power.
1360;3;I own EVERY ALBUM & On this album i love every single song and know every single word they are that good!
1360;4;One of the best workout albums I have listened too, really cranks up the intensity!
1360;5;It's a decent tune, but slows things down right in the middle of the shredding, and really puts a kaibosh on the otherwise relentless power.
1360;6;Singer Ivan Moody continues to show his amazing vocal prowess combining hard, angry, in your face screams and growls and clean, melodic singing parts together effortlessly throughout each track with such ease.
1360;7;It's a decent tune, but slows things down right in the middle of the shredding, and really puts a kaibosh on the otherwise relentless power.
1360;8;If you're into intense, diverse, clever, catchy, heavy music that you can fight to or scream out fierce, memorable lyrics this is for you.
1360;9;Is it fun and filled with some stomach clenched intensity?
1360;10;My ex wife's ex boyfriend turned me on to FFDP, and I have loved them ever since.
1358;1;I was completely drawn into Dennis's deep reservoir of emotion and sound, and this goes for both disks.
1358;2;"Time" reveals the pain of being away from the place you feel most comfortable.
1358;3;Like others have said, Dennis is the real deal when it comes to the California singer-songwriter, and he is GOOD...The music is simultaneously haunting, heartbreaking, rocking, uplifting, and astonishing.
1358;4;This  is what has always drawn me to them.
1358;5;I bought this album purely because of an Amazon recommendation and reading the reviews on this page, and I am so glad I did.
1358;6;"Angel Come Home" was another great song sung by Dennis.
1358;7;This  is what has always drawn me to them.
1358;8;I was completely drawn into Dennis's deep reservoir of emotion and sound, and this goes for both disks.
1358;9;So to tweak his own life a little more, he partied like a rock star -- undoubtedly, as one way of escaping...However, from listening to this, it's abundantly clear that toward the end of his life, Dennis was also finding the studio to be an even more fulfilling form of escape..."River Song" is one of the finest songs to come out of the seventies.
1358;10;Not every single track in the collection is a masterpiece, but the overwhelming majority is either great rock 'n roll or beautiful, heartfelt meditations on love and life's purpose.
1359;1;He has a great voice good music
1359;2;Add this one to your collection and you'll hear his love and pain.
1359;3;He has a great voice good music
1359;4;We love Keith Whitley's voice and his songs bring back so many memories of how great he could have been.
1359;5;I bought his greatest hits back in 1990, I had it on my stereo and at the same time I was reading his Obituary in an Off Duty Magazine.
1359;6;We love Keith Whitley's voice and his songs bring back so many memories of how great he could have been.
1359;7;We love Keith Whitley's voice and his songs bring back so many memories of how great he could have been.
1359;8;Sad ending to a Great Young Star, His Music will live on though, Al
1359;9;We love Keith Whitley's voice and his songs bring back so many memories of how great he could have been.
1359;10;We love Keith Whitley's voice and his songs bring back so many memories of how great he could have been.
1356;1;This movie and that song are so similar to each other it's not even funny...Despite that, this album is mostly about having fun and rocking out with lots of guitars and a really good classic rock sound.
1356;2;The last track, STILL I'M SAD, is an instrumental that finishes the album on a very high note.
1356;3;Certainly a classic for anyone interested in good music.
1356;4;Blackmore and Rainbow performed almost two hours.
1356;5;If they would listen, learn, and read on they would actually appreciate his superlative ability to often blend classical with rock and how deep the colors become...Enjoy the music and be well,.
1356;6;The sound is crisp and clean.
1356;7;Blackmore and Rainbow performed almost two hours.
1356;8;My only objection is that the last track "Still I'm sad" is instrumental since there is an alternative version with lyric - a real gem!
1356;9;"Black Sheep Of The Family "is a fun tune and Dio delivers a different way of expressing a rockers success with the ladies- "You get a little black book and it grows and it grows."
1356;10;Highlt recommended for those that love 70's rock and early metal.
1357;1;I know the auto-tune device is getting played out, but I'll admit I still enjoy it--and Kanye does a great job using it to his advantage...This album is consistently good (I actually like every song), and it flows extremely well.
1357;2;Good artists reinvent themselves either in a good direction or bad way, this direction Kanye is taking isn't a bad one but itsnot exactly one dat he should stay in, but this album is good nontheless...The production is decent, a lot of drums and a lot of techy sounds, its not typical Kanye but its something different.
1357;3;Good artists reinvent themselves either in a good direction or bad way, this direction Kanye is taking isn't a bad one but itsnot exactly one dat he should stay in, but this album is good nontheless...The production is decent, a lot of drums and a lot of techy sounds, its not typical Kanye but its something different.
1357;4;This is Kanye's first album that I would give a full five stars.
1357;5;I enjoy the focus that he puts into this effort.
1357;6;This is Kanye's first album that I would give a full five stars.
1357;7;For a long trip, this is some great music to keep you in a great mood.
1357;8;I love how this song was organized and Kanye puts real emotion in this song.
1357;9;This is Kanye's first album that I would give a full five stars.
1357;10;I love how this song was organized and Kanye puts real emotion in this song.
1354;1;Ace and Paul Stanley are fantastic and when Ace trades licks with Slash you get good old rock and roll.
1354;2;This is by far the best album by Ace.
1354;3;Lots of good stuff to pick from!!
1354;4;This is by far the best album by Ace.
1354;5;This is by far the best album by Ace.
1354;6;Thank God Ace got himself clean and sober and is still with us to share his INCREDABLE Talent with us.
1354;7;This is by far the best album by Ace.
1354;8;This is by far the best album by Ace.
1354;9;Great all around fun vintage rock with some Kiss jewels - and Paul !
1354;10;I've always loved Ace's work.
1355;1;Give it a few repeated listens, let it sink in like a good glass of wine, and enjoy.
1355;2;Jack seems to have regained his verve as well: he sounds assured and a little sad, and his quirky voice has a new depth and power.
1355;3;So, as of the time I'm writing this, White Stripes have dissolved, but this was their final regular album, and it was a good one - certainly in the top half of their work.
1355;4;With its lo-fi production, odd lyrics and quirky music, it's still one of the better rock releases so far.
1355;5;The results are endlessly surprising and rewarding...They also seem to alternate - album wise - between interpretations on traditional forms (rock, pop, folk) and experimentation: Although these two sides - the traditional and experimental - are almost always integrated, the focus usually remains on one.
1355;6;What I find though is that the songs that I'm not fond of when listening at home are the songs that I begin to love when I see them played live...This cd is light-hearted to me.
1355;7;With its lo-fi production, odd lyrics and quirky music, it's still one of the better rock releases so far.
1355;8;With its lo-fi production, odd lyrics and quirky music, it's still one of the better rock releases so far.
1355;9;Rag and Bone is also a great blues number and it just sounds so...fun.
1355;10;Love the raw feeling and the quality is top notch.
1352;1;"Kill Again" is some good thrash peppered with fantastic drumming, while "Necrophilliac" is a dissonant work of metal art.
1352;2;Yes,  the production sounds gloomy and bad, but it absolutely fits the Atmosphere  of this Album.
1352;3;This is a very good album even if does not contain a lot of classics (excetp Hell Awaits and At Dawn They Sleep) as the others.
1352;4;It is so technical and raw, there is so much craziness going on with this CD.
1352;5;It is so technical and raw, there is so much craziness going on with this CD.
1352;6;It is so technical and raw, there is so much craziness going on with this CD.
1352;7;The feedback stops, a thumping, driving drum beat and and razor sharp guitars in it's place, rumbling kick drums join, the intensity builds, the riffs build, layer upon relentless unstoppable layer.
1352;8;Among the funny satanic and NECRO lyric's are some SMART lyric's about corruption and the END of the world!!
1352;9;It is so technical and raw, there is so much craziness going on with this CD.
1352;10;I love every Slayer album, and the only one I would give less then 5stars is Seasons in the Abyss (its just such a big dissapointment for a follow up to SOuth of Heaven, and even today I am bitter about it, but they came back strong with Divine Intervention.
1353;1;That said, this is as good as it gets and this hi-rez 96kHz 24-bit Blu Ray is the bees knees.
1353;2;As for the other songs, like said before midnight rider is cool and revival ain't bad either listen to it and you'll discover how beautiful this album is, great southern rock!
1353;3;That said, this is as good as it gets and this hi-rez 96kHz 24-bit Blu Ray is the bees knees.
1353;4;One of my top favorites since the early '70's.
1353;5;"Midnight Rider" may well be the Brothers' greatest studio recording - an absolutely flawless three-minute study in mood, atmosphere and individual and collective musicianship, it's worthy of inclusion on THE SUN SESSIONS.
1353;6;This version is cleaned up and has few anomalies.
1353;7;One of my top favorites since the early '70's.
1353;8;And the lyrics are negligible at best - its chorus goes "Please call home if you change your mind... I don't mind" - but Gregg sings it with feeling, and that really is a good slide part.
1353;9;Now, the guitars, on the other hand... awesome minor-key intro that transcends into a fun hippie-gospel-folk song.
1353;10;Really love this Allman Brothers release.
1350;1;Very happy with item and seller!
1350;2;2) I have to write a college paper so I will keep this brief haha...Aftershock is one of their best albums.
1350;3;A new Motorhead album makes life good.
1350;4;2) I have to write a college paper so I will keep this brief haha...Aftershock is one of their best albums.
1350;5;The tightest, most focused Motorhead record in years.
1350;6;2) I have to write a college paper so I will keep this brief haha...Aftershock is one of their best albums.
1350;7;2) I have to write a college paper so I will keep this brief haha...Aftershock is one of their best albums.
1350;8;The production is top notch, and the lyrics are about as awesome as you'd expect.
1350;9;2) I have to write a college paper so I will keep this brief haha...Aftershock is one of their best albums.
1350;10;Old fans will love it and it's actually an album I'm fairly confident would serve well as a gateway release for new fans...Get it immediately, Lemmy commands you to do so.
1351;1;I have been listening to Paul Hardcastle for a couple of years now and all the music I have gotten have been great I really enjoy listening.
1351;2;Man, this is another great CD by the great Paul Hardcastle , what else do you need to say, buy it.
1351;3;This CD is good for relaxing.
1351;4;Man, this is another great CD by the great Paul Hardcastle , what else do you need to say, buy it.
1351;5;Man, this is another great CD by the great Paul Hardcastle , what else do you need to say, buy it.
1351;6;Received it yesterday in the mail, played it today while (attempting) to clean the house.
1351;7;I would recommend the purchase of this very nice music to anyone that likes to ride on long trips.
1351;8;Man, this is another great CD by the great Paul Hardcastle , what else do you need to say, buy it.
1351;9;These songs are great adult party music and I play it late night to set the mood and moment with my wonderful wife.
1351;10;Bought for a couple who still listens to CD's and really appreciates Smooth Jazz Sounds.
1348;1;It's great to see these old pals now in their 60s and enjoying themselves and still entertaining as much as ever, playing music as good as ever.
1348;2;So sad, sweet, and soulful.
1348;3;The performances on this DVD are inspired and the audio mix is very good.
1348;4;Both of them shine brightly in most of the pieces, though it's a little edgey at first.
1348;5;Both of them shine brightly in most of the pieces, though it's a little edgey at first.
1348;6;What I would like to comment upon is the visuals and sound from this Blu-ray disc is clean and nuanced.
1348;7;Watching the DVD, you can sense the excitement of the audience and their respect for this true, traveling blues man.
1348;8;So sad, sweet, and soulful.
1348;9;A lot of fun to watch and listen to, highly recommended to A/V fan's and any fan of these guy's music... I wish Amazon had a 3 Criteria rating that would make for a quicker and more accurate and fair rating of Cd's, DVD's and Blu-ray's...1.
1348;10;I absolutely loved hearing them do Hendrix's Voodoo Child and Little Wing, and their reawakening of Dear Mr. Fantasy is magnificent.
1349;1;It should convey all of the emotions that the characters in the movie enjoy or endure.
1349;2;This particular song is perfect for the apocolyptic duel between Anakin and Obi-Wan...My favorite songs were mostly the very sad pieces "Anakin's Betrayal", "Padme's Destiny", and "The Immolation SCene" (Ever since I saw the movie this one always brings me to tears!)
1349;3;Even if you're not a fan of those but you love good music, this is it.
1349;4;This particular song is perfect for the apocolyptic duel between Anakin and Obi-Wan...My favorite songs were mostly the very sad pieces "Anakin's Betrayal", "Padme's Destiny", and "The Immolation SCene" (Ever since I saw the movie this one always brings me to tears!)
1349;5;The whole story was focused on the darkening soul and spirit and transformation of Anakin Skywalker.
1349;6;This particular song is perfect for the apocolyptic duel between Anakin and Obi-Wan...My favorite songs were mostly the very sad pieces "Anakin's Betrayal", "Padme's Destiny", and "The Immolation SCene" (Ever since I saw the movie this one always brings me to tears!)
1349;7;i turned this one up way up in the car  and  it delivers!
1349;8;This particular song is perfect for the apocolyptic duel between Anakin and Obi-Wan...My favorite songs were mostly the very sad pieces "Anakin's Betrayal", "Padme's Destiny", and "The Immolation SCene" (Ever since I saw the movie this one always brings me to tears!)
1349;9;General Grievous: This is an incredible track and really fun and action packed!
1349;10;Even if you're not a fan of those but you love good music, this is it.
1346;1;I thoroughly enjoy all of Bob's songs.
1346;2;It has beautiful imagery and you can feel his pain in each line he sings...8.
1346;3;The remaster is very good considering the time era of recording.
1346;4;Working on collecting more of his music.
1346;5;Working on collecting more of his music.
1346;6;Before Dylan went electric in 1965 with the incredible Bringing it All Back home, Dylan was acoustic folk rock.
1346;7;It is completely applicable to our world today, Dylan's lyrics capture my attention with each listen, even when its playing in the background or while I drive, it finds me, penetrating my thoughts with its meaty ink.
1346;8;The hypnotic voice (yes, I liked the voice), the tumbling lyrics that seemed to project the thoughts in my head, the rallying cry of my peers--all were there.
1346;9;Working on collecting more of his music.
1346;10;I love his first three albums, I'm a big fan of acoustic guitar music.
1347;1;Timberwolves at New Jersey: 5/5 Good fun catchy song.
1347;2;My favorite songs on the CD are "Cute Without the 'E'", "Great Romances of the 20th Century", "There's No 'I' in Team" (a sad song about two best friends), "You Know How I Do", and "You're So Last Summer".
1347;3;"Timberwolves at New Jersey" is also a good song that's harder and very catchy.
1347;4;My favorite songs on the CD are "Cute Without the 'E'", "Great Romances of the 20th Century", "There's No 'I' in Team" (a sad song about two best friends), "You Know How I Do", and "You're So Last Summer".
1347;5;My favorite songs on the CD are "Cute Without the 'E'", "Great Romances of the 20th Century", "There's No 'I' in Team" (a sad song about two best friends), "You Know How I Do", and "You're So Last Summer".
1347;6;My favorite songs on the CD are "Cute Without the 'E'", "Great Romances of the 20th Century", "There's No 'I' in Team" (a sad song about two best friends), "You Know How I Do", and "You're So Last Summer".
1347;7;Songs are best played at full volume when driving, but the cd is great anywhere, even when doing laundry.
1347;8;You can definitely feel the emotion in these songs, which is only enhanced by the top-notch lyrics.
1347;9;None of the songs are very difficult but they are catchy and fun to play.
1347;10;And when an album that takes time to love, it is a sign that its a masterpiece.
1344;1;Digitally remastered and full of fun, once you buy this album it won't leave your CD player for a while...Enjoy it forever.
1344;2;What is worth raving about is the superior quality of the SACD format...I find it sad that with the pervasivness of MP3 players (and the MP3 format), we are in a time of degrading quality of music reproduction.
1344;3;I came across it at a garage sale, and thought it would be a good addition to my slowly growing collection of memorabilia...It was some time before I found what was (and still is) known as a 'record player.'
1344;4;Even the two big singles here "Big Shot" and "My Life" both have strong pop-jazz flavors in the production.
1344;5;No one is ever going to read this, but for what it's worth, I detest almost everything Joel has ever released with a few exceptions.
1344;6;Very clean, smooth and warm sounding.
1344;7;Whether you're listening to the beautiful Rosalinda's Eyes or the driving Half a Mile away, 52nd Street delivers a powerhouse punch.
1344;8;What's more, his lyrics on the last six songs are actually pretty good for a change.
1344;9;It has never sounded better...Joel is so much fun as his songs are sing-a-longs.
1344;10;Can't say that I love every one of Billy Joel's albums mainly because I've never heard them all.
1345;1;The CD is quite good and extremely enjoyable, but the DVD is really amazing, a fantastic experience!
1345;2;The audio CD is crystal clear and has some of the best performances from the show, especially the super rare "Erotica/You Thrill Me"!
1345;3;Good price for BOTH a cd & two hour concert DVD !
1345;4;Can't wait to hit the gym with my new "Confessions CD"!
1345;5;All you have to do is read the screen during the performance.
1345;6;The audio CD is crystal clear and has some of the best performances from the show, especially the super rare "Erotica/You Thrill Me"!
1345;7;HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT - quite a trip for sure.....The CD is just as good, and I have not quit listening to it in my car, she does different styled versions of like a virgin, and erotica, and they are PHENOMENAL!!!
1345;8;The remake of "Erotica" is pure art [the new lyrics, tone and tempo is sublime] and even the erstwhile tiresome "Like a Virgin" was updated with a fresh new sound...The DVD captures the electricity of the actual concert and is best played loud!
1345;9;It's such a fun new take on a fabulous Madonna song, and it was also one of my favorite parts of the "Confessions" tour.
1345;10;An amazing DVD for Madonna fans, and even if you're not a fan...you'd still love it.
1405;1;Intro has Todd fooling around and having fun with Breathless shows signs of things to come with heavy synth use to good effect.
1405;2;It's difficult to exactly pinpoint  his sound in a set amount of words, but I'll try....Multifaceted, Blue eyed soul that is wonderful and rocks  (I'm not the best writer, lol).
1405;3;Listen to this track, as well as many others on this album, on a good pair of headphones to catch many of the subtleties that may otherwise be missed.
1405;4;"Song of The Viking" seems like a tribute to Gilbert & Sullivan, as it's a quirky, show tunes-rock track.
1405;5;"Song of The Viking" seems like a tribute to Gilbert & Sullivan, as it's a quirky, show tunes-rock track.
1405;6;"Song of The Viking" seems like a tribute to Gilbert & Sullivan, as it's a quirky, show tunes-rock track.
1405;7;"Song of The Viking" seems like a tribute to Gilbert & Sullivan, as it's a quirky, show tunes-rock track.
1405;8;"One More Day (No Word)" balances memorable choruses and hooks with a melancholy lyric.
1405;9;Quite a fun and interesting listen, while "Breathless" is a indescribable instrumental blending psychedelic, symphonic, R&B and dance flavors filtered through electronics.
1405;10;The song "Wolfman Jack" is a blast to listen to because it shows Todd's love for Motown music.
1404;1;It is clearly their best offering (though not most accessible like "Ashes..."), but you will agree only after a sixth or seventh spin, because all the good stuff is hidden and deep.
1404;2;Dave Mustaine earns my respect for putting his balls on the table unlike Metallica when it comes to openers...To the opener who is whining about bad follow ups... go sit on your thumb and get over it!
1404;3;It is clearly their best offering (though not most accessible like "Ashes..."), but you will agree only after a sixth or seventh spin, because all the good stuff is hidden and deep.
1404;4;This is a song to hit the gym to.
1404;5;His lyrics are intelligent and on point, Religon is a main focus point on Sacrament and he tears into it good and hard.
1404;6;It is clearly their best offering (though not most accessible like "Ashes..."), but you will agree only after a sixth or seventh spin, because all the good stuff is hidden and deep.
1404;7;Either way, Chris, Mark, John, and Willie come across as dedicated, driven, focused, serious and intelligent musicians.
1404;8;Dave Mustaine earns my respect for putting his balls on the table unlike Metallica when it comes to openers...To the opener who is whining about bad follow ups... go sit on your thumb and get over it!
1404;9;You can spot the band's influences more on this release, but that adds to the fun....it's all here, the LOG sound, Slayer, Pantera, and even some Skinlab is visible in the approach.
1404;10;Man, I love Lamb Of God.
1407;1;Another very good CHRISTMAS disc by this very pleasing band.
1407;2;Nothing can make a bad day better than filling your ears with the sounds of Trans Siberian orchestra.
1407;3;Another very good CHRISTMAS disc by this very pleasing band.
1407;4;Way to go TSO.This is a hit.
1407;5;The key to really enjoying TSO is to read the lyrics while listening.
1407;6;Way to go TSO.This is a hit.
1407;7;Way to go TSO.This is a hit.
1407;8;The key to really enjoying TSO is to read the lyrics while listening.
1407;9;Trans-Siberian makes fun and exciting Christmas music.
1407;10;If it's TSO I am going to love it!
1406;1;Great CD, all good songs Amazon had it to me a day before I expected it, a nice surprise.
1406;2;Put this great CD in the stereo and hear some of the best classic rock and roll from the 70s and 80s.
1406;3;Great CD, all good songs Amazon had it to me a day before I expected it, a nice surprise.
1406;4;Put this great CD in the stereo and hear some of the best classic rock and roll from the 70s and 80s.
1406;5;Put this great CD in the stereo and hear some of the best classic rock and roll from the 70s and 80s.
1406;6;I am only 30 years old, but I grew up listening to all this music thanks to my parents playing it in their house.
1406;7;Put this great CD in the stereo and hear some of the best classic rock and roll from the 70s and 80s.
1406;8;Put this great CD in the stereo and hear some of the best classic rock and roll from the 70s and 80s.
1406;9;this is a awesome cd it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1406;10;For anyone who loves classic rock, this a wonderful collection of songs spanning 1965 through 1982...Whether you've been a long time fan or have just become one, this will be a great addition.
1401;1;THis is a really, really really good album and I'm really picky...I love Imogene Heap's voice...Come Here Boy is fantastic...The production is so deep and inventive...It's not all that spiritually deep, but hey, it's pop music.
1401;2;It is a delightful album that is moody, sad, confusing, and happy all in one record...I really like "Let Go" and was glad to see it featured in a movie soundtrack.
1401;3;Basically, good beats, good lyrics and great vocals.
1401;4;But for some reason this one was different...I knew the minute I heard Breathe In, that Imogen's music might actually be worth something.
1401;5;I always feel good to see some extremely talented artist, widely unrecognized have some attention focused on their works.
1401;6;On their debut album, Frou Frou cooks up delicious fare of pop with a touch of minimalistic electronica, thanks to Sigsworth.....The album is a gems from start to finish.
1401;7;The album ends with the piano driven ballad "The Dumbing Down Of Love", it's a very raw track, just basically Imogen and the beautiful piano..."Details" is a great album and one of three albums that I purchased while on a recent trip to San Francisco and LA, this album was basically my soundtrack to that trip, every song has some sort of relevance and significance to it.
1401;8;Although I'm not a huge fan artists that use electronic stylings through out there music, Imogen's vocals, catchy melodies, and deep lyrics clearly out due the trance type beats and draw you in each and every song...I am esepcially fond of the songs Breathe In, Physcobabble, Only Got One, Shh, Maddening Shroud, and Flicks.
1401;9;The glowing, reverberating bells... the free-flowing vocal harmonies... "Are we having fun yet..." I still can't believe how classic this whole album is.
1401;10;If you're a mid 20s like me, you'll love this album.
1400;1;visually stunning,the audio is outstanding.would encourage anyone who loves good music to get this one.no matter what your taste in music
1400;2;It's the next best thing to seeing her live in concert.
1400;3;visually stunning,the audio is outstanding.would encourage anyone who loves good music to get this one.no matter what your taste in music
1400;4;It's the next best thing to seeing her live in concert.
1400;5;It's the next best thing to seeing her live in concert.
1400;6;It's the next best thing to seeing her live in concert.
1400;7;It's the next best thing to seeing her live in concert.
1400;8;I would have liked more features as options on the DVD, such as subtitles (onscreen lyrics available during her singing - one must go to the quinlanroad website to get all the lyrics), a short feature on the symbolism used in the lyrics...The packaging design of the DVD/CD is very stylish, very elegant, perhaps in the same theme as the Moorish subject of the concert.
1400;9;"The Mummers' Dance" (still my favorite) showed that while the themes the band generally work with are grand they can still have an awful lot of fun.
1400;10;visually stunning,the audio is outstanding.would encourage anyone who loves good music to get this one.no matter what your taste in music
1403;1;"Til you come back to me","Stay" and "Sunny side on the street" are all fun songs and I highly enjoy them.
1403;2;I love the deep blue color and the clarity of the image.
1403;3;Well "At last" is very good and I love it too.
1403;4;I love the deep blue color and the clarity of the image.
1403;5;I bought this review based somewhat on the positive reviews I read here.
1403;6;I love the deep blue color and the clarity of the image.
1403;7;I love the deep blue color and the clarity of the image.
1403;8;I appreciate having the liner notes booklet, because it's always fun to follow along with lyrics to timeless tunes such as these.
1403;9;I appreciate having the liner notes booklet, because it's always fun to follow along with lyrics to timeless tunes such as these.
1403;10;You have got to love and appreciate these renditions of primarily 50s and 60s standards if you have any romantic soul.
1402;1;The remastered edition has a very, very good sound quality!
1402;2;This is my favorite ELO album, there is not a bad song in the bunch and "Nightrider" is one of their most under-rated songs.
1402;3;The remastered edition has a very, very good sound quality!
1402;4;Face The Music is the band's first bonafide masterpiece, eight songs without a clunker in the bunch.
1402;5;Face The Music is the band's first bonafide masterpiece, eight songs without a clunker in the bunch.
1402;6;This album from start to finish is such a wonderful listen, pretty solid, and the re-mastered sound is clean and crisp.
1402;7;This CD is great in my family room stereo, blasting out of my car stereo, or rocking on my MP3 player.
1402;8;The latter is also one of the group's strongest songs in their entire repertoire, perfectly capturing a certain melancholy longing that makes it an ideal companion to "Can't Get It Out Of My Head" from the previous year's "Eldorado"..."Poker" is a high-octane tune with some clever lyrics, and "Waterfall" and "Night Rider" also have their merits.
1402;9;This CD also includes some extras at the end which are kinda fun.
1402;10;I love the band's Beatle-esque flair for melody, their fine musicianship & production, and the excellent singing, songwriting, and guitar work of leader Jeff Lynne.
1397;1;The third works well and I love listening to this album from an artist I've recently begun to enjoy very much!
1397;2;The third works well and I love listening to this album from an artist I've recently begun to enjoy very much!
1397;3;I never knew he was this good!
1397;4;The third works well and I love listening to this album from an artist I've recently begun to enjoy very much!
1397;5;The third works well and I love listening to this album from an artist I've recently begun to enjoy very much!
1397;6;The third works well and I love listening to this album from an artist I've recently begun to enjoy very much!
1397;7;The third works well and I love listening to this album from an artist I've recently begun to enjoy very much!
1397;8;Great music, lyrics, variety of songs.
1397;9;The third works well and I love listening to this album from an artist I've recently begun to enjoy very much!
1397;10;I knew that I liked a couple of the songs from hearing them on the radio, but I didn't expect to love the entire cd.
1396;1;If you enjoyed the debut Il Divo CD you will love this one.
1396;2;When I'm tired or have had a "bad day", listening to Il Divo is uplifting for me!
1396;3;I love the fact that these guys mix up Italian, Spanish, French and English songs in their selections proving that good music is good music, even if it is not sung in your mother tongue!
1396;4;Il Divo's self-named first cd was a much needed breath of fresh air in an era crowded with hip-hop and pop singers who prefer to sing about how many "hos" they have or about the ridiculous amount of bling-bling they sport.
1396;5;And all of them are amazing.
1396;6;And all of them are amazing.
1396;7;Good listen music when traveling.
1396;8;When I'm tired or have had a "bad day", listening to Il Divo is uplifting for me!
1396;9;And all of them are amazing.
1396;10;I asked who it was and was told it was the new Il Divo CD which had just come out that day, so I got it...Much like their debut, `Ancora' is filled with lush, romantic love songs, performed in English, Spanish and Italian.
1399;1;also loved it good music to hear
1399;2;Then I ordered it through an Amazon partner that I rely heavily upon because of pricing and that it always fits in my mailbox...Every song on here is a winner and there is no filler.
1399;3;also loved it good music to hear
1399;4;Then I ordered it through an Amazon partner that I rely heavily upon because of pricing and that it always fits in my mailbox...Every song on here is a winner and there is no filler.
1399;5;Then I ordered it through an Amazon partner that I rely heavily upon because of pricing and that it always fits in my mailbox...Every song on here is a winner and there is no filler.
1399;6;This world needs their kind of music, clean understandable verses and beautiful music.
1399;7;All of their best on one CD
1399;8;The booklet does not contain lyrics but it does contains the songs' titles with their charts position and albums, and most better, the songs' order is cronological and in album order
1399;9;Air Supply is the one band many people love to make fun of.
1399;10;I absolutely Loved it I Can't wait to Listen to it.
1398;1;And it came it good order and as advertised.
1398;2;Despite what I feel is one bad track, the album is truly unique and amazing.
1398;3;And it came it good order and as advertised.
1398;4;She has got to be one of the best songwriters of the last few decades.
1398;5;The final track is breathless and compliments all the elements of this album as the mood is set for listening to this again and again...The entire album makes you want to get out some eggnog cookies and apple cider and read a cozy novel or write Christmas cards.
1398;6;The same could be said for the heartbreaking "Wintersong" (the lone new song on this release) which is McLachlan at her lyrical best..."I'll Be Home For Christmas" will surprise you if you already like the song and make you love it if you've disliked previous renditions, as will the down-home feel of "O Little Town of Bethlehem."
1398;7;It's perfect music to listen to while getting your home ready for the holiday season, entertaining family at Christmas dinner or while opening presents or driving to a friend or loved one's home for a family gathering.
1398;8;Despite what I feel is one bad track, the album is truly unique and amazing.
1398;9;It was fun to listen to the somewhat unusual arrangements of the traditional Christmas carols.
1398;10;I love Sarah McLachlan's voice and music.
1393;1;There are many other good songs on here, like Sounds of Summer which brings back some wonderful memories of when we were young and enjoying the lazy days of summer and all of the 4th of July celebrations we attended with our children.
1393;2;The album encompasses a variety of moods from solemn to sad, and inspirational to joyful.
1393;3;He continues to put good to great albums each and every time
1393;4;She likes to keep the music on her MP3 fresh.
1393;5;I aint the best of believers, Aint at the front of a church, Ive read the words of the teacher, But I still struggle with what its all worth, he sings.
1393;6;when I arrived home, I ordered this CD and it was wonderful.
1393;7;my Uncle and I have posted videos of us on Facebook, singing along to these songs in the car when driving in heavy traffic.
1393;8;The lyrics I'm strong enough to hold you through the winter.
1393;9;It's definitely a fun song.
1393;10;But I truly love the whole thing.
1392;1;We were happy to see this CD released and eager to listen to it.
1392;2;For a TV series this has to be one of the greatest CDs ever made, some songs are covers, others were adapted to the point of changing some lyrics or the order of the strophes of the song It is so powerfull and emotional that it makes you feel and remember that kind of crossroads in Jax's life and some really sad and shocking moments as well.
1392;3;K. Segal (sp) is a very good singer,  I never knew that before, I listen to it while I clean house.
1392;4;It's all here including the opening theme song in its full version as well as the haunting version of "John the Revelator" first played on the show during Donna's funeral.
1392;5;It's all here including the opening theme song in its full version as well as the haunting version of "John the Revelator" first played on the show during Donna's funeral.
1392;6;K. Segal (sp) is a very good singer,  I never knew that before, I listen to it while I clean house.
1392;7;It's all here including the opening theme song in its full version as well as the haunting version of "John the Revelator" first played on the show during Donna's funeral.
1392;8;For a TV series this has to be one of the greatest CDs ever made, some songs are covers, others were adapted to the point of changing some lyrics or the order of the strophes of the song It is so powerfull and emotional that it makes you feel and remember that kind of crossroads in Jax's life and some really sad and shocking moments as well.
1392;9;It's all here including the opening theme song in its full version as well as the haunting version of "John the Revelator" first played on the show during Donna's funeral.
1392;10;Bought this CD for my husband, he loved hard rock and lets face it the "Songs of Anarchy" are hard rock!
1395;1;I love these songs because they evoke magical memories of my childhood from the late 70's and because they're so damn good.
1395;2;The Bee Gees are great.
1395;3;I love these songs because they evoke magical memories of my childhood from the late 70's and because they're so damn good.
1395;4;The Bee Gees are great.
1395;5;The Bee Gees are great.
1395;6;From house to techno and from trance to rave (among other disco ancestry forms), the beat is alive throughout the world...The songs "Stayin' Alive", "Night Fever", and "More Than A Woman" are among the Bee Gees' best at the time of their late 70s comeback.
1395;7;The Bee Gees are great.
1395;8;Nothing can beat the music and emotions it stirs when those melodies hits the air
1395;9;If you enjoyed watching John Travolta dance his way into the hearts of America you need the soundtrack.
1395;10;They also included a couple of their own oldies (Jive talking, You should be dancing) on the soundtrack, but the most important tracks here are the first three tracks - Staying alive, How deep in your love and Night fever - all of which were huge hits around the world although they were bigger hits in America than anywhere else.
1394;1;Kem did a fantastic job with this music and i have truly enjoyed it.
1394;2;The product was perfect, delivered early and in excellent condition!
1394;3;Kem makes good music to me, so I may be bias but its great to me.
1394;4;The product was perfect, delivered early and in excellent condition!
1394;5;The product was perfect, delivered early and in excellent condition!
1394;6;The product was perfect, delivered early and in excellent condition!
1394;7;I bought this for my mother, as a before Christmas gift, something for her to listen to in the car.
1394;8;Kem musical arrangements, lyrics and sound is unique, relaxing as well as jazzy.
1394;9;The product was perfect, delivered early and in excellent condition!
1394;10;Love KEMs music, and as usual he is true to form!
1388;1;Every song is good, with some clear standout favorites.
1388;2;And I'm happy to say that's exactly what she's done...  "Supernatural Love" and "Ain't All Bad" explore a strong funk groove with just a shadow of a rather "ol' school" early/mid 90's hip-hop production to it: since that in turn was inspired mainly by 70's funk makes them a superb fit.
1388;3;Every song is good, with some clear standout favorites.
1388;4;Her best work in forever.
1388;5;Considering the ones the media have been trying and damage her with, she deserves this, and she probably will have the last laugh...(Thanks for reading my review, and it helped it any way, please leave a thumbs up or down, and don't forget to leave a comment too!)
1388;6;very nice cd, good music, excellant to party or just chillin' out to and relaxing, really helps when i got to clean up.
1388;7;Her best work in forever.
1388;8;This song is so simple in lyric but is so honest it blew me away.
1388;9;very nice cd, good music, excellant to party or just chillin' out to and relaxing, really helps when i got to clean up.
1388;10;Loved it, I am very pleased with the cd.
1389;1;Songs like "Sexy Plexi" are fantastic fun to listen to, and "The News" is short but sweet, but sad.
1389;2;Songs like "Sexy Plexi" are fantastic fun to listen to, and "The News" is short but sweet, but sad.
1389;3;This is a great cd for relaxing too or making love to and is a definite good buy and very worthy of a five star rating if you are thinking about buying this album don't think anymore and just buy it you will love it.
1389;4;What ever happend to the "good ol' days" of radio, where there was variety and authenticity to the music.
1389;5;Bubble Toes, which from what I read seems to be the fan-favorite, is another excellent song.
1389;6;Good chill-out music for cleaning the house, playing with your dog or mending a heart battered by the world.
1389;7;But when ur chillin with ur girl, or when you're driving home late at night this is the perfect cd to pop in.
1389;8;The lyrics are very interesting and the music, as always, is silky smooth.
1389;9;This is the kind of stuff barbeques and beach parties were made for.
1389;10;That being said, I've loved listening to this CD from the moment I heard Jack's gentle, silky-sounding voice.
1390;1;Many of these songs take me back to the days of summer, growing up and enjoying a life free of any responsibilities...For me, this cd is a change from the past and a good change.
1390;2;Thank god kid rock has gotten over that!
1390;3;"Flyin' High" is a great "feel good" song, featuring Zac Brown, from Atlanta.
1390;4;Thank god kid rock has gotten over that!
1390;5;Thank god kid rock has gotten over that!
1390;6;Thank god kid rock has gotten over that!
1390;7;I like just about every song on this CD a lot and it is great to listen to in the car going down the highway.
1390;8;This album is full of outstanding lyrics and music.
1390;9;this is a great cd it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1390;10;I absolutely love this record!
1391;1;This cd is really good
1391;2;When I first heard this song, it reminded me a lot of "New Divide" for some reason, and that's definitely not a bad thing.
1391;3;This cd is really good
1391;4;"I'll Be Gone" features the lyrics "Let the sun fade out and another one rise, I'll be gone", while "Castle Of Glass" is a catchy bouncy tune belying the dark nature of the lyrics.
1391;5;"I'll Be Gone" features the lyrics "Let the sun fade out and another one rise, I'll be gone", while "Castle Of Glass" is a catchy bouncy tune belying the dark nature of the lyrics.
1391;6;For example, "Castle Of Glass" brilliantly touches on how tragically it is human nature for many to judge others from the metaphor of "glass houses".
1391;7;"I'll Be Gone" features the lyrics "Let the sun fade out and another one rise, I'll be gone", while "Castle Of Glass" is a catchy bouncy tune belying the dark nature of the lyrics.
1391;8;"I'll Be Gone" features the lyrics "Let the sun fade out and another one rise, I'll be gone", while "Castle Of Glass" is a catchy bouncy tune belying the dark nature of the lyrics.
1391;9;"I'll Be Gone" features the lyrics "Let the sun fade out and another one rise, I'll be gone", while "Castle Of Glass" is a catchy bouncy tune belying the dark nature of the lyrics.
1391;10;I love  "Burn it Down" Best
1384;1;It was fun, it could be anguished, it could be fast, it could be mid-tempo, it could be slow, it could be angry, it could be happy...Which brings us to Bush.
1384;2;Gavin Rosdale supplies a light yet heavy tone in his voice, and lyrics that will strike a good chord with some people and a bad chord in others.
1384;3;Gavin Rosdale supplies a light yet heavy tone in his voice, and lyrics that will strike a good chord with some people and a bad chord in others.
1384;4;My favorites are "Everything Zen", "Swim", "Little Things", and "Testosterone".
1384;5;I love this whole album...SIXTEEN STONE is so good that Bush has never been able to top it.
1384;6;Bush rocks the house and you should definitely add this one to your collection.
1384;7;"little things" might be in my top 5 songs of all time.it has everything.catchiness,grunginess,singalongability-haha i know,and heaviness mixed in.it is a quintissential jam that must be included in everyones musical diet..."comedown" is a hook laden track while "machinehead" is driving and fun.
1384;8;Gavin Rosdale supplies a light yet heavy tone in his voice, and lyrics that will strike a good chord with some people and a bad chord in others.
1384;9;"little things" might be in my top 5 songs of all time.it has everything.catchiness,grunginess,singalongability-haha i know,and heaviness mixed in.it is a quintissential jam that must be included in everyones musical diet..."comedown" is a hook laden track while "machinehead" is driving and fun.
1384;10;I love this whole album...SIXTEEN STONE is so good that Bush has never been able to top it.
1385;1;I have it now and it sounds as good as ever.
1385;2;Colours come into play here, such as the hypnotic qualities of the cat person's green eyes, the red eyes equated with fiery longing, and the "tears so blue" that "can never dry."
1385;3;I have it now and it sounds as good as ever.
1385;4;The romantic title track, sporting a punchy and funky beat reached #1 and features a solo by Stevie Ray Vaughan,whose guitar is a vital contribution to this whole album.
1385;5;1983 was an amazing year for music, with huge releases from Duran Duran, Depeche Mode, Big Country, and many of my other favorite 80's bands.
1385;6;1983 was an amazing year for music, with huge releases from Duran Duran, Depeche Mode, Big Country, and many of my other favorite 80's bands.
1385;7;driven post-disco sound which was equally informed by a superb set of elements.
1385;8;To each their own...I believe that this is a great recording...So sad of the recent news of his passing.
1385;9;As the title infers, it is a great dance recording.
1385;10;"Shake It" is a disco-tinted love song on the order of the title tune of this album and of "Stay" from Bowie's classic '76 album Station to Station".
1386;1;This cd is to make you feel happy and good music.
1386;2;The music is awsome and the WHOLE CD is actually good!
1386;3;The music is awsome and the WHOLE CD is actually good!
1386;4;The music is awsome and the WHOLE CD is actually good!
1386;5;The music is awsome and the WHOLE CD is actually good!
1386;6;The music is awsome and the WHOLE CD is actually good!
1386;7;Love this CD and I play it a lot in the car.
1386;8;Some of the lyrics are iffy, but it's perfect for a girl trip!
1386;9;Great music, uplifting, fun, and a great clear female vocalist.
1386;10;Love this CD and I play it a lot in the car.
1387;1;The vocals are a bit flat, and fit better into a produced soundscape than their more organic roots...As an aside, it's also refreshing to enjoy a popular album that has identifiable themes - loss and the passage of time are prevelant subjects that many of the songs address...Overall, I find this album a steady, mellow presence that sounds good loud or quiet, a pleasant fit for the nostalgic, retrospective mood that comes with autumn.
1387;2;"Plans" is absolutely one of the best albums I have heard this year, hands down.
1387;3;The whole CD is quite good, and some of it is relaxing, too.
1387;4;"Plans" is absolutely one of the best albums I have heard this year, hands down.
1387;5;The CD was unequivocally focused, vocally cool, lyrically beatiful, and musically sound.
1387;6;I got home and put it on the stereo and it's as if the happy fairy came into my house and smacked me senseless with it's wand.
1387;7;"Plans" is absolutely one of the best albums I have heard this year, hands down.
1387;8;Gibbard's lyrics are awesome, honest, and pretty abrasive at times.
1387;9;I loved this album back in 2008 (I was late to the party) I don't really listen to it anymore but I felt like all the songs were touching and meaningful to me at the time.
1387;10;"Plans" makes me love them and their brilliance even more, on so many different levels.
1380;1;That's why you can listen to them and they take you on this journey, while all the while you're saying, "Man, these guys are fantastic!"
1380;2;The spiritual aspect of their music, the level of commitment, the exceptional lyrics, the soulful and exceptional singing, their stage performances, the way they are as a band, is unparalleled.
1380;3;For someone who is not familiar with EWF, this album is a good place to start!
1380;4;The spiritual aspect of their music, the level of commitment, the exceptional lyrics, the soulful and exceptional singing, their stage performances, the way they are as a band, is unparalleled.
1380;5;This album brings mystery into focus,and brings time to a slower crawl.
1380;6;The spiritual aspect of their music, the level of commitment, the exceptional lyrics, the soulful and exceptional singing, their stage performances, the way they are as a band, is unparalleled.
1380;7;The spiritual aspect of their music, the level of commitment, the exceptional lyrics, the soulful and exceptional singing, their stage performances, the way they are as a band, is unparalleled.
1380;8;The spiritual aspect of their music, the level of commitment, the exceptional lyrics, the soulful and exceptional singing, their stage performances, the way they are as a band, is unparalleled.
1380;9;It sure is fun listening to music instead of that stuff they play on the radio
1380;10;My kids know you and listen to you and they love your music.
1381;1;The juxtaposition of the uptempo, happy beat of "Buried Alive in the Blues" is at odds with the circumstances, but it is a fitting tribute that it was included on the album, and a stark reminder that Janis was truly a force of nature and an highly exuberant and joyous personality, even when missing in action.)
1381;2;Mercedes Benz is funny, sweet, and somehow makes me sad.
1381;3;For those special occasions when you have your old friends over to remember the good old days!
1381;4;The extra live tracks add some interest, especially "Tell Mama."
1381;5;The extra live tracks add some interest, especially "Tell Mama."
1381;6;All these years later, I still remember the expectant hush when the house lights went down, the sweet aroma of various illegal substances, and Joplin's electrifying performance.
1381;7;She was happy to be able to listen to it again, and bonus she can even listen to it in her car.
1381;8;Pearl is a truly extraordinary album which displays is the range and emotions which Janis' voice was capable of.
1381;9;The extra live tracks add some interest, especially "Tell Mama."
1381;10;Buy this and other albums you will love her.
1382;1;All of the tracks are good, and they are enjoyed most by listening through the entire album together.
1382;2;From Yesterday: This is a solid song, not that great, it doesn't stand out the way some of the others do, but isn't a bad song.
1382;3;I myself and in a screamo/metal band, so I can ALWAYS appreciate a good scream too!
1382;4;So i bought it and was quite impressed.
1382;5;When I was studying in Europe 2 years ago i heard this band for the first time, they were known by a few but considered as a great "experiment" by actor Letto.
1382;6;.9: R-Evolve - Nice guitar intro, vocals come in wonderfully clean and soft.
1382;7;Especially good to listen in a car while driving.
1382;8;The lyrics are great, and im giving it a 4.5/5.
1382;9;If you are a big fan of the band or just looking for something fun to add to your collection, this one will not disappoint.
1382;10;And i love songs that kick in like "Attack" does.
1383;1;It is Chris Botti, fantastic!
1383;2;It is Chris Botti, fantastic!
1383;3;Good, no great, stuff here.
1383;4;It is Chris Botti, fantastic!
1383;5;It is Chris Botti, fantastic!
1383;6;It is Chris Botti, fantastic!
1383;7;It is Chris Botti, fantastic!
1383;8;The most pleasant flow of tone and emotion that I have ever heard from a trumpet.
1383;9;Chris has an amazing sound, and his selections are so romantic and dreamy, or uniquely memorable -- they play in my head over and over...We love Chris Botti and this is a favorite of all cds...We are not 'jazz people' per se, nor are our friends, but everyone loves to hear Chris at our ourdoor parties -- his melodies float in the night air -- whether balmy or cool.
1383;10;"If I Loved You" is another superb duet with Paula Cole, her vocal perfect for the song's romantic, wistful tone (incidentally in the DVD portion Botti states that Cole records all of her vocals for his projects in one take).
1376;1;love joni good album very happy
1376;2;There's really no serious debate among fans of Joni or pop-rock in general as to what her best album is - all those who have ears to hear proclaim the monumentally great Blue her high watermark.
1376;3;love joni good album very happy
1376;4;Sit down and listen, it is worth the attention.
1376;5;Joni Mitchell is one of my favorite musical artists and this release has very focused and wonderful songs that are performed flawlessly.
1376;6;This does capture for many of us the vibe/life that existed in the late 60's and early 70's of living in shared houses, smoking dope and the whole hippy dream of endless optimism and good times.
1376;7;Lyrics such as "And counting all the cars up the hill, and the stars on my window sill, there are still more reasons why I love him."
1376;8;Every song  is beautiful  and a few best ever  are here...Rainy Night House ,Woodstock, Circle  Game ,...this album  is a breakout  one and leads Joni onward to more complex  music and lyrics.
1376;9;"Ladies of the Canyon" is magical, and "Big Yellow Taxi" -- the one with "They paved Paradise . . ." -- is terrific fun.
1376;10;But I particularly like CONVERSATION - the simple and feisty professions of a woman who's tired of the man she loves coming to her, asking advice about his current girlfriend.
1377;1;I am impressed and so happy i bought these to add to our collection.
1377;2;Best Black Crowes album out there.
1377;3;This is one tasty little nugget that I is very good, & strong rock.
1377;4;Best Black Crowes album out there.
1377;5;Best Black Crowes album out there.
1377;6;This baby was on my door step when i got home today, what a Christmas gift.
1377;7;Well i have to say Amazon you finally got it right as the box was packed nice and snug with little pillows to ensure their big trip to Australia was comfortable, so thank you.
1377;8;Really great sound and lyrics.
1377;9;Thick n' Thin might be the weakest track, but it's still fun to listen to.
1377;10;If you like them you will love this.
1378;1;A Good Omen (5:47) (4.87-star).
1378;2;Not bad . . . not bad...Is it worth the money: Most definitely!
1378;3;Not bad . . . not bad...Is it worth the money: Most definitely!
1378;4;Bilbo's motif gets a workout on brass as well...Disc 2.01- The Hidden Valley: Most likely for the group's arrival in Rivendell.
1378;5;"I read all of the books by Tolkien, including The Hobbit, when I was in my twenties, and his deep love of nature and all things green resonates deeply with me."
1378;6;Listening to this score you will feel at home and very familiar with what you are listening too.
1378;7;This is another story being told with movie, actors, scenery and of course film score...This CD is a fine addition to any collection of film scores and in particular, complements the LOTR film scores...I would be remiss not to mention I am a big admirer of Howard Shore's works.
1378;8;Cues range from dramatic, epic, mysterious, sad, and triumphant, while illiciting a comprehensive set of emotions that few composers can match.
1378;9;It is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1378;10;Love, love, love this album!
1379;1;His rhymes and delivery make several of these songs, and just about every song is fantastic: the inflammatory classic "Brothers Gonna Work It Out," the invigorating Old-School Rap Who's-Who track "Burn Hollywood Burn," with guest appearances by Ice Cube and Big Daddy Kane, the frenzied, claustrophobic "Power to the People," Flavor's hilarious features "911 is a Joke" and "Can't Do Nuttin' For Ya Man!
1379;2;All in all, Fear of a Black Planet is right up there with Blur's The Great Escape, Radiohead's OK Computer, and Massive Attack's Mezzanine for best album of the 90's.
1379;3;In 1989 I got this tape 2 times....And a few weeks ago I got it on cd and its the real rap.hey its what its all about in tha hood......2day is a good day!
1379;4;All in all, Fear of a Black Planet is right up there with Blur's The Great Escape, Radiohead's OK Computer, and Massive Attack's Mezzanine for best album of the 90's.
1379;5;"Fight the Power" is the perfect conclusion for an adventurous record that, despite it's many musical directions, is always focused.
1379;6;It quite simply is home to some of the best rap EVER, even though it's not quite perfect in some ways...I do want to stress something, that this album does seem to have a bit amount of filler.
1379;7;this ones a sleeper....that means only buy this if you are courageous.and like to put on your headphones as you travel...into outer space on a hip hop voyage through the minds...of hip hop culture... The percussions are monumental and fascinating.
1379;8;The lyrics are often quite insightful, such as the pro-interracial marriage title track (with munchkin voices!)
1379;9;As if this weren't enough, a lot of these songs also make for socially conscience dance tracks, such as the feminist funk "Revolutionary Generation."
1379;10;Listening to this reminds me why I love Hip hop, and how far back the genre has gone.
1307;1;there is an utterly fantastic  mystery in this spurned, unwanted human emotion -- something utterly  irresistible!
1307;2;Deeply sad - deeply moving.
1307;3;Although the pace is slow through out the whole symphony and it isn't joyful music to be sure, the momentum draws you into a sense of calm and peace.
1307;4;Hard to produce, sure is!
1307;5;Hard to produce, sure is!
1307;6;A clean recording and wonderful presentations also compliment the music within, as well as some terrific linear notes that provide both information on the composer and "The Symphony Of Sorrowful Songs", Symphony no. 3.
1307;7;It will travel deep within your soul if you allow it.
1307;8;The reading is marvelous and heartfelt
1307;9;Hard to produce, sure is!
1307;10;An essential purchase for anyone who loves quality music-making, who enjoys a darker-toned emotional register, or even someone beginning to explore modern classical music.
1306;1;They're  just fun girls who are having a good time.
1306;2;The blue print to a perfect pop tune.
1306;3;The music's not bad at all, and it's actually a pretty good song, except for the little rap bit.
1306;4;All the tracks are really good and catchy, except for the mega annoying Last Time Lover.
1306;5;All the tracks are really good and catchy, except for the mega annoying Last Time Lover.
1306;6;All the tracks are really good and catchy, except for the mega annoying Last Time Lover.
1306;7;There was Geri "Ginger Spice" Halliwell, the loudest and most outspoken member of the group and definitely the driving force behind the Spice Girls.
1306;8;They've got great vocals and the lyrics are fun and party-like.
1306;9;It's got catchy lyrics, and it's alot of fun to dance to.
1306;10;This is a great song that talks about how the girls tell their boyfriends that they know their guys love them, but all the guys have to do is be there for the girls when the girls need them.
1305;1;Even Ozzy sounds good in his damaged way.
1305;2;The three newest members not only breathed new life into these BS classics, they took them to new heights---once again, I dig every player that has been associated with the Ozzy camp, but these guys...WOW!
1305;3;Even Ozzy sounds good in his damaged way.
1305;4;The three newest members not only breathed new life into these BS classics, they took them to new heights---once again, I dig every player that has been associated with the Ozzy camp, but these guys...WOW!
1305;5;You read right this is the best live Black Sabbath album.
1305;6;Ozzy was clean and the music is good.
1305;7;The three newest members not only breathed new life into these BS classics, they took them to new heights---once again, I dig every player that has been associated with the Ozzy camp, but these guys...WOW!
1305;8;The three newest members not only breathed new life into these BS classics, they took them to new heights---once again, I dig every player that has been associated with the Ozzy camp, but these guys...WOW!
1305;9;doing coke and listing to this cd is really fun!
1305;10;When I met Rudy Sarzo in person, I made a point to mention how much I loved this album.
1304;1;the movie was strange bu the music was good
1304;2;Nice to hear this without the clicks and pops.
1304;3;the movie was strange bu the music was good
1304;4;Nice to hear this without the clicks and pops.
1304;5;Nice to hear this without the clicks and pops.
1304;6;Nice to hear this without the clicks and pops.
1304;7;Nice to hear this without the clicks and pops.
1304;8;The lyrics of these songs are also deeper than previous lyrics and some are a lot more introspective than anything that Jimi had written before.
1304;9;The "first side" is more quirky, but fun (although I could do without this version of the Star Spangled Banner).
1304;10;Better when separated from cuts from CRY OF LOVE in the compilation for "Rising Sun" which skipped a few tracks I would have included/
1311;1;She is a remarkable talent and this album is a good piece of work
1311;2;The lyrics, as most of Imogen's lyrics, have a dark side to them.
1311;3;She is a remarkable talent and this album is a good piece of work
1311;4;The lyrics, as most of Imogen's lyrics, have a dark side to them.
1311;5;The lyrics, as most of Imogen's lyrics, have a dark side to them.
1311;6;The lyrics, as most of Imogen's lyrics, have a dark side to them.
1311;7;The beats are driven, textured, the sound complex.
1311;8;The lyrics, as most of Imogen's lyrics, have a dark side to them.
1311;9;at a dance recital (the dance was great too, which helped).
1311;10;Other excellent tracks on the album would have to be 'Daylight Robbery', 'The Walk', 'I am in Love with You' and the final track, the beautiful ballad 'The Moment I Said It.'
1310;1;great set from the stones
1310;2;brilliant, superb, great, wild, full on, highly recommended (sad about ian Maclagan passing away the keyboard wizard on this recently) roll on the stones.
1310;3;I love the Stones this was a good buy
1310;4;It was directed by Hal Ashby, and featured a scene at the end of the film,during the final number "Satisfaction",in which thousands of balloons are dropped from the ceiling onto the audience.
1310;5;It was directed by Hal Ashby, and featured a scene at the end of the film,during the final number "Satisfaction",in which thousands of balloons are dropped from the ceiling onto the audience.
1310;6;It was directed by Hal Ashby, and featured a scene at the end of the film,during the final number "Satisfaction",in which thousands of balloons are dropped from the ceiling onto the audience.
1310;7;This is a fantastic trip through the 1981-82's American Concerts.
1310;8;brilliant, superb, great, wild, full on, highly recommended (sad about ian Maclagan passing away the keyboard wizard on this recently) roll on the stones.
1310;9;It was directed by Hal Ashby, and featured a scene at the end of the film,during the final number "Satisfaction",in which thousands of balloons are dropped from the ceiling onto the audience.
1310;10;I love the Stones this was a good buy
1309;1;Really improved sound quality compared to the mid-seventies release of this album (there is a bonus 6th disc which the liner notes state, "the tracks are of historic importance but have very poor sonic quality", but the sound is still good enough to enjoy the songs, & sound pretty much like a Basement tape bootleg).
1309;2;I have read a lot of positive reviews, and a few negative ones.
1309;3;It's not as bad as Phil Spector overdubbing choirs and orchestra over the "Get Back/Let It Be" tapes, but it's in the same ballpark...The good news is, it sounds good.
1309;4;Probably the most natural, unpretentious effort in all of rock.
1309;5;I have read a lot of positive reviews, and a few negative ones.
1309;6;The way some of the other songs (in particular Don't Ya Tell Henry and Sign On The Cross) have been cleaned up and restored brought a smile to my face too.
1309;7;Probably the most natural, unpretentious effort in all of rock.
1309;8;The sound of his voice, the hilarious and bizarre lyrics, the great cover versions - what a collection!
1309;9;For a casual fan this set offers a truckload of great, fun filled, American music.
1309;10;Surprised, loved it , owned the 2 disc set and never liked it out of this full context.
1308;1;I'm happy to have such a good cd and music in my home.
1308;2;Chris Tomlin is unashamed of Christ and to me, this may his strongest work yet!
1308;3;There is a good mix of worship and praise however I think it leans heavier on the worship side.
1308;4;Chris Tomlin is unashamed of Christ and to me, this may his strongest work yet!
1308;5;That being said, these songs are deep yet simple, show the Father's heart, Jesus focused, and full of the grace and truth of the cross.
1308;6;I'm happy to have such a good cd and music in my home.
1308;7;Loved it so much I bought 2 more : one for my car & one for my girlfriend!!
1308;8;Chris Tomlin is unashamed of Christ and to me, this may his strongest work yet!
1308;9;Chris Tomlin is unashamed of Christ and to me, this may his strongest work yet!
1308;10;Loved it so much I bought 2 more : one for my car & one for my girlfriend!!
1299;1;Mike Anthony's Bass playing was good and Alex's drumming was great.
1299;2;Judgment Day is an awesome opening track and a perfect start for the '90s, don't believe all the bad reviews that people gave it because they're wrong.
1299;3;Mike Anthony's Bass playing was good and Alex's drumming was great.
1299;4;Every track on this album is superb, and are all hardcore rockers...Personal favorites include, Runaround, Pleasure Dome, and Right Now.
1299;5;Every track on this album is superb, and are all hardcore rockers...Personal favorites include, Runaround, Pleasure Dome, and Right Now.
1299;6;Every track on this album is superb, and are all hardcore rockers...Personal favorites include, Runaround, Pleasure Dome, and Right Now.
1299;7;Blazing guitar licks, searing vocals, bass and drums (real ones, not synth) working together... this is what you want...The song everyone knows from this album is "Right Now" - it's gotten plenty of airplay over the years, it's been featured in ads for everything from sodas to cars, and it's even been played at the Olympics.
1299;8;Judgement Day 10-10  Good solid rocker that keeps the pace of the album flowing, catchy chorus and good lyrics by Hagar, I think most people underestimate Sammy's ability to write clever songs...3.
1299;9;Just watch the "Humans Being" and "Ruanround" videos back to back, and see for yourself how the band becomes fun and the music improves from 1996 back to 1991.
1299;10;I love Eddy Van Halen's guitar work.
1298;1;This CD is just a good time and I recommend to those that enjoy a mix of R&B/Rock without hooks.
1298;2;It sounds great, nice and bass heavy like GFR in there power trio days were.
1298;3;If you don't have a copy of Live album on CD this 2 CD set is a good one to get.
1298;4;It sounds great, nice and bass heavy like GFR in there power trio days were.
1298;5;It sounds as it is coming from a HUGE stack of amps on 11, played by what seems like the most masterful, heavy, heavy, in focus bassist on earth.
1298;6;The remastering is wonderful the (Bong Rattling) bass of Mel Schacher is right in your face the whole set, Mark Farner's Guitar is crisp and clean Don Brewer's (competent) drums are clear as a bell and the (wild shirtless) Vocals of Mark and Don are all clear and fantastic.
1298;7;What's really cool is Mel's bass is high in the mix ala Entwistle and it really drives the band.
1298;8;It sounds great, nice and bass heavy like GFR in there power trio days were.
1298;9;But it was always fun to turn the guitar amp up so high that there was no  way you could controll it.
1298;10;More specifically, I love the raw energy, frantic guitar work, and just the atmosphere of the early 70's rock scene.
1297;1;I can recall every aspect of the trip thanks to this one (I also put a pretty good listen on Til' Tuesdays Voices Carry, a highly underrated piece of work).
1297;2;"Swan Swan H" is a sad song that is one of the last they would record in which they pay homage to their Southern roots...When this album came out, I thought R.E.M. was the greatest band in the world, bar none.
1297;3;I can recall every aspect of the trip thanks to this one (I also put a pretty good listen on Til' Tuesdays Voices Carry, a highly underrated piece of work).
1297;4;This struck the perfect balance -- R.E.M.'s best album, in my opinion...The highlights are "Begin the Begin," one of the band's most intense rockers, the incredible one-two punch of "I Believe" and "What If We Gave It Away?"
1297;5;For as much as people focus on Michael Stipe, Mike Mills is the glue: his backing vocals and bass playing add a great dimension to the band.
1297;6;In fact, the first tape I ever came to own turned out to be Fables of the Reconstruction, which I received as a gift from an aunt just a few weeks after the concert (for what may have been my 16th birthday) - up until then, my exposure to popular music had come from the radio or from time spent at friends' houses.
1297;7;REM takes the listener on a roller coaster ride of driving, infectious pop and rich, intelligent ballads with a relevent social motif.
1297;8;The peak of music perfection...With more clarity behind Stipe's lyrics this time around, we are drawn into this cd rather forcefully with the rocker Begin The Begin, a fabulous song and perhaps R.E.M.s best album beginning, so full of life and energy.
1297;9;It'll probably give you goosebumps...Other highlights (on an album full of highlights) include the jangly "I Believe" (a clear link to their previous albums), the chilling folk dirge that is "Swan Swan H", and the lighthearted coda "Superman" (a fun cover tune sung by Mike Mills)...You'll also notice that "Pageant" is a bit more politically charged than past R.E.M. albums.
1297;10;Personally, I got pretty excited about this released since in this album there are a couple of tracks I am deeply in love with: the one and only "Fall on me" and the fresh and amazing "I believe".
1296;1;I enjoy the vibe and soulful sounds on a night drive in my car or when Im having a stressful day!
1296;2;Be that as it may, The Element of Freedom is a very good album with just the right amount of mid-tempo beat coupled with a more thoughtful tone that belies her more mature outlook on life...Keys has said of The Element of Freedom that it is about overcoming depression, possibly after a bad break-up that we failed to hear about in the mainstream entertainment press.
1296;3;Be that as it may, The Element of Freedom is a very good album with just the right amount of mid-tempo beat coupled with a more thoughtful tone that belies her more mature outlook on life...Keys has said of The Element of Freedom that it is about overcoming depression, possibly after a bad break-up that we failed to hear about in the mainstream entertainment press.
1296;4;I love her look and voice.
1296;5;This album is more low-key but it holds a more intimate tone and was more focused in theme and melody.
1296;6;I love her look and voice.
1296;7;I enjoy the vibe and soulful sounds on a night drive in my car or when Im having a stressful day!
1296;8;Be that as it may, The Element of Freedom is a very good album with just the right amount of mid-tempo beat coupled with a more thoughtful tone that belies her more mature outlook on life...Keys has said of The Element of Freedom that it is about overcoming depression, possibly after a bad break-up that we failed to hear about in the mainstream entertainment press.
1296;9;The aforementioned songs are nice songs, but they contrast with the rest of the album, in that they are light and fun.
1296;10;I love her look and voice.
1303;1;It's nice to have a really good heavy metal that has a high level of emotion like with cold.
1303;2;Same Drug:  Back to what the band did best, grungy artsy emotional ballads with rocking anthem choruses.
1303;3;Its a good hard song to work out to.
1303;4;Same Drug:  Back to what the band did best, grungy artsy emotional ballads with rocking anthem choruses.
1303;5;From reading the cover, I discovered the band was produced by Fred Durst and Chris Vrenna, two well seasoned musicians.
1303;6;Same Drug:  Back to what the band did best, grungy artsy emotional ballads with rocking anthem choruses.
1303;7;The sound is spectacular and has excellent guitar work, as well as a driving beat.
1303;8;His lyrics are somewhat repetitive and marred with swears, but for the most part he can sneak in a thoughtful quote and the language just puts focus and emotion into his words.
1303;9;It's VERY impressive and fun too.
1303;10;This is a very very beautiful song about the love for music.
1302;1;Just put it in your car and roll the windows down and enjoy the sun and enjoy this fantastic CD by Keb'Mo'.
1302;2;But if you want a true blue blues sound here it is!
1302;3;Good condition , great album.
1302;4;I find it a delight to listen to every time.
1302;5;I had read up on him and apparently he has received best blues guitar awards from the American Music awards (I think that was it).
1302;6;Prepare your tears of joy and sadness particularly for "Anyway" and "Mommy can I come home", very very special gems in a treasure chest of songs that will move you and pull on your heart strings forever.
1302;7;Always a staple in my car
1302;8;Keb Mo's original lyrics, passionate & articulate vocals and his simple blend of acoustic guitar blues & folk make this an excellent debut album.
1302;9;The music on this CD runs from the light and fun of "Tell Everybody I Know", to the serious "Victims of Comfort", to the lonely "Anybody Seen My Girl".
1302;10;Some nice slide work, some love songs, a couple of EXCELLENT Robert Johnson covers.
1301;1;There are no revelations in the outtakes, but there are a few good b-sides and completists are no doubt very happy to have them...This is pretty much a must-have record, as vital today as the day it was released.
1301;2;Having James Honeyman Scott throwing inventive riffs behind almost every song certainly helped, as did the undeniable power of Martin Chambers and Pete Farndon -- listen to his bass work on "The Wait" -- as a rhythm team.
1301;3;All the songs are really good, but I have the most affection for the duo of 'The Phone Call' & 'Up the Neck'.
1301;4;Having James Honeyman Scott throwing inventive riffs behind almost every song certainly helped, as did the undeniable power of Martin Chambers and Pete Farndon -- listen to his bass work on "The Wait" -- as a rhythm team.
1301;5;Having James Honeyman Scott throwing inventive riffs behind almost every song certainly helped, as did the undeniable power of Martin Chambers and Pete Farndon -- listen to his bass work on "The Wait" -- as a rhythm team.
1301;6;This is a terrific re-release of the classic first album, with extraordinarily improved sonics -- as clean a cd as I have heard in a while...The songs are all great, but I want to comment on James Honeyman-Scott's guitar.
1301;7;It remains a timeless debut, standing tall alongside of first efforts of the period from Tom Petty, Elvis Costello, Joe Jackson and The Cars.
1301;8;"Kid"--great melody, plus lyrics and vocals from Chryssie.
1301;9;It's slight, but it sounds like they're having a load of fun...listen to Chrissie sing those Latin "Ay-yi-yi's"!
1301;10;All in all I think a lot of people will love this album if they approach it with an open mind.
1300;1;This album takes me back to a simpler time, when R&B/funk was good clean fun.
1300;2;Interestingly enough, most of that song is very  positive, and a perfect example to kids.
1300;3;Gigolos Get Lonely Too makes you cry...While it can be successfully argued that Morris, Prince and his band really played on the record, it's forgivable because the music is really that good!
1300;4;Interestingly enough, most of that song is very  positive, and a perfect example to kids.
1300;5;Interestingly enough, most of that song is very  positive, and a perfect example to kids.
1300;6;Musically it's very much rooted in the stripped down LINN drum machine/rhythm section based funk of the Minneapolis sound of the early 80's but is a lot more live sounding,slick and clean.
1300;7;Interestingly enough, most of that song is very  positive, and a perfect example to kids.
1300;8;But the music from that song and all the  other five songs on the album are by Prince, including the lyrics in those  songs.
1300;9;The huge hit 777-9311 is guaranteed to get an old school party started as is the self-explanatory dance song The Walk.
1300;10;I love The Time and I wanted the CD.
1290;1;You could nitpick about some of the exclusions (all the more reason for a proper 2-CD retrospective, in my opinion
1290;2;This CD brings back such great memories,.
1290;3;You could nitpick about some of the exclusions (all the more reason for a proper 2-CD retrospective, in my opinion
1290;4;This CD brings back such great memories,.
1290;5;This CD brings back such great memories,.
1290;6;This CD brings back such great memories,.
1290;7;This CD brings back such great memories,.
1290;8;They wrote and played great songs, including love songs and lyrics with real feelings, and had a great sense of melody, composition, harmony, and all those other qualities that make for great music.
1290;9;This CD brings back such great memories,.
1290;10;They wrote and played great songs, including love songs and lyrics with real feelings, and had a great sense of melody, composition, harmony, and all those other qualities that make for great music.
1291;1;I really enjoyed it then and, boy, it is still fantastic.
1291;2;Others excellent songs are "Finest Worksong",  "Fireplace" and "King of Birds".
1291;3;"Document" beyond the hit singles is the sound of REM growing up, confident...The extra CD here is just ridiculously good.
1291;4;It also sported one of Peter Buck's heaviest riffs.
1291;5;People focus on "End of the World" as a lyrical masterpiece, overlooking the marvelous way those lyrics are enhanced by the chords, rhythm, and melody.
1291;6;Of course, "It's The End of The World" gets all the attention now but listen to this album in its entirety and you can just tell this band hit a home run.
1291;7;My personal favorite track is the sitar driven "King of Birds."
1291;8;"It's the End of the World As We Know It" is a masterpiece of lyric, structure, harmony and even melody, as well as the integration of all of the above.
1291;9;Now the fun times of the group were over and the music was the word.
1291;10;This is the album that introduced me to REM because "The One I Love" was their first song I had ever heard of theirs.
1288;1;If you love hip hop......well you can at least like that KoRn has a good focus on rhythm...This easily belongs in the top ten rock/metal releases of 2013!
1288;2;This is not meant to suggest these bands are bad
1288;3;If you love hip hop......well you can at least like that KoRn has a good focus on rhythm...This easily belongs in the top ten rock/metal releases of 2013!
1288;4;As a newer fan of Korn since "Remember Who You Are" to now, I have to say that "The Paradigm Shift" is a truly great cd regardless of genre!
1288;5;If you love hip hop......well you can at least like that KoRn has a good focus on rhythm...This easily belongs in the top ten rock/metal releases of 2013!
1288;6;All the fans are stoked to have him on board, and by this, his third album with Korn, it really feels as if he's come home to roost for good...This album's thirteen tracks are chock full of that old 2-Headed monster chuggariffic sound which is the closest to metal they ever really got.
1288;7;The song features a fast tempo and driving beat and a new vocal style from Jon which I really enjoy listening to.
1288;8;It's the way that Jon sings these lines, extremely melodic and sweet sounding (a great counterpoint to what the lines are saying) which is part of this band's raison d'tre
1288;9;Obviously he knew that the album was strong enough to have a little fun.
1288;10;If you love hip hop......well you can at least like that KoRn has a good focus on rhythm...This easily belongs in the top ten rock/metal releases of 2013!
1289;1;That's just how good it is... granted, it's not Illmatic, but who on this earth can make an album that amazing?
1289;2;this album has just one bad song but all the others are pure classics.
1289;3;That's just how good it is... granted, it's not Illmatic, but who on this earth can make an album that amazing?
1289;4;This album is really nice stuff.
1289;5;3 Months ago Nas gave us The LOst Tapes, now this hip hop visionary has droped his most personal album GOd's Son, the focus of this album is the memory of his mother as well as the.feud between him and Jay-Z.
1289;6;This album is really nice stuff.
1289;7;There are some songs that you'd rather listen to while you are riding in your car cruising like "Get Down" and "Made Ya Look".
1289;8;My favorite track is "The Last Nigga Alive", its beat is pure hiphop and Nas' lyrics on the track describes a history of the east coast rap scene in the early ninty's.
1289;9;"dance" has such perfect lyrics and a beautifull beat.
1289;10;This CD starts with the street banger "Get Down" and heads will love this joint.
1294;1;Despite the fact that this compilation might seem like overkill in a year where we've had singel releases, 6 remasters and a live from Milano dvd, I'm really happy with this set, both in terms of the look and what you get with it.
1294;2;"Martyr" the brand new single sits perfect amongst this collage of pain and pleasure.
1294;3;The songs I remember sounds so good
1294;4;Anything by DM is awesome!
1294;5;Anything by DM is awesome!
1294;6;Volume two should be excellent, and a completion of what couldn't be squeezed onto this disc...Additionally the dvd with this is great, a lot of the videos with a few omissions, like "home" and "see you", but hey, there always has to be stuff for volume two.
1294;7;Anything by DM is awesome!
1294;8;We can identify with the lyrics, and my friends,  I am very sure that each of you have several memories no matter how vivid or remarkable reflected in a Depeche Mode song.
1294;9;Now, the two songs from that album sound a lot cleaner and has a much moodier atmosphere than a muddy one...And Martyr, the new single, is a fun song that shows the band still has life in them.
1294;10;I love Depeche Mode and with this compilation of hits is all that I need to listen their best songs!
1295;1;This well-chosen anthology does a good job covering all facets of Ambrosia, even their fun side with the fan fave "Angola"...the band even gives new meaning to "more cowbell!!"
1295;2;The songs always pick me up when I'm feeling kinda blue, and I enjoy listening to those songs every bit now as I did back when I was a teenager.
1295;3;This well-chosen anthology does a good job covering all facets of Ambrosia, even their fun side with the fan fave "Angola"...the band even gives new meaning to "more cowbell!!"
1295;4;"Biggest Part Of Me", AMBROSIA
1295;5;"Biggest Part Of Me", AMBROSIA
1295;6;"Biggest Part Of Me", AMBROSIA
1295;7;"Life Beyond  LA" is a searing look at life in that metropolitan nightmare
1295;8;Some of the songs come with lyrics, so its great, to sing the right words for a change!!
1295;9;This well-chosen anthology does a good job covering all facets of Ambrosia, even their fun side with the fan fave "Angola"...the band even gives new meaning to "more cowbell!!"
1295;10;this cd was well put together I love it.
1292;1;Deltron did it first but I aint mad at all he did a very good job and the beats are very appropriate.
1292;2;You've all heard this album
1292;3;Deltron did it first but I aint mad at all he did a very good job and the beats are very appropriate.
1292;4;You've all heard this album
1292;5;This is some of the most adventurous hip-hop I've heard since Prefuse 73's Vocal Studies and Uprock Narratives (if you don't have that, GET IT!)
1292;6;You've all heard this album
1292;7;Often regarded as Del's finest effort, and Dan The Automator's best next to Dr. Octagon, Deltron 3030 is a trip every hip-hop head should experience once
1292;8;Del's lyrics are consistently head-scratching and mysteriously cool.
1292;9;In short, this album is everything I look for in a hip hop record: intelligent, focused, innovative, and, most of all, fun.
1292;10;If you allow these things to take place, you'll love this album for the brilliant masterpiece it truly is.
1293;1;The Blues Brothers 2000 film may be a letdown to those who saw it, but the original (and its soundtrack) are tributes to hard driving soul and R&B, and one can't help but enjoy the musical journey.
1293;2;Excellent collection of blues, R&B and soul tunes by various artists, including Ray Charles and Aretha Franklin.
1293;3;I'm generally not one to review too many CDs, but this one warrants a good plug!
1293;4;The bluesiest moments on here are a joyous eight minute workout of the ROBERT JOHNSON warhorse SWEET HOME CHICAGO and the infectious EVERYBODY NEEDS SOMEBODY TO LOVE, which may not top Wilson Pickett's soul-shredding version but boasts an enthusiastic spoken word Akroyd intro.
1293;5;Excellent collection of blues, R&B and soul tunes by various artists, including Ray Charles and Aretha Franklin.
1293;6;Excellent collection of blues, R&B and soul tunes by various artists, including Ray Charles and Aretha Franklin.
1293;7;The Blues Brothers 2000 film may be a letdown to those who saw it, but the original (and its soundtrack) are tributes to hard driving soul and R&B, and one can't help but enjoy the musical journey.
1293;8;Excellent collection of blues, R&B and soul tunes by various artists, including Ray Charles and Aretha Franklin.
1293;9;Even apart from the fractured flick, THE BLUES BROTHERS disc works beautifully as the background to a road trip, beer blast, or spontaneous dance party...in short, if you've got the blues, pop this baby in and watch 'em disappear faster than the Bluesmobile itself!
1293;10;Fans that loved the music must pick this up.
1282;1;very good customer service - happy with my purchase
1282;2;The quality of the CD allows for the music to come thru undisturbed.
1282;3;very good customer service - happy with my purchase
1282;4;The quality of the CD allows for the music to come thru undisturbed.
1282;5;The quality of the CD allows for the music to come thru undisturbed.
1282;6;The quality of the CD allows for the music to come thru undisturbed.
1282;7;The quality of the CD allows for the music to come thru undisturbed.
1282;8;The quality of the CD allows for the music to come thru undisturbed.
1282;9;The quality of the CD allows for the music to come thru undisturbed.
1282;10;The greatest group that ever sang a note.with love, endearments, and such feeling.
1283;1;These definitely are not Aerosmith's best albums, but they still had a few good songs.
1283;2;But this collection is hard to beat because all the songs in between are simply great.
1283;3;These definitely are not Aerosmith's best albums, but they still had a few good songs.
1283;4;But this collection is hard to beat because all the songs in between are simply great.
1283;5;But this collection is hard to beat because all the songs in between are simply great.
1283;6;But this collection is hard to beat because all the songs in between are simply great.
1283;7;I would still tell people who can afford it to go out and buy the entire catalog because it's really worth it but having 2 CDs with all the great hits is very convenient to have in your car.
1283;8;Their provocative lyrics are always as hardhitting as the next.
1283;9;It's funny it makes me laugh, and is fun.
1283;10;were 'Eat The Rich', 'Fever', and 'Walk On Down'...From the album "The Beavis and Butt-Head Experience" comes the song 'Deuces Are Wild'...'Falling In Love' and 'Pink' from "Nine Lives" made their way onto O, Yeah.
1280;1;And, these are good tracks - great non-album songs (as well as a fantastic jazz-meets-Bach instrumental and and orchestral piece).
1280;2;This is a Tull classic, and should not be missed!
1280;3;It's just that everything that makes his flauting style distinctive, all the little tricks and fillips he does with his breath, his tongue, and his voice, simply can't be done on a reed instrument...Anyway, he seems to have worked it out of his system on _A Passion Play_ and this album...This _is_ a good album, no matter what some listeners have said about it.
1280;4;This is a Tull classic, and should not be missed!
1280;5;My main focus here is on the quality of the box set.
1280;6;The set comes in booklet form and houses 2CDs/DVDs and a photo and fact packed book telling you more than you've ever wanted to know about the times and recording of this material.
1280;7;There's a joy to the singing and performing of this musical trip through the afterlife that makes death sound like the liveliest party on earth, or beyond.
1280;8;The band has excellent musicians and Ian Anderson's lyrics are deep and poetic like Neil Peart's of Rush.
1280;9;"Rainbow Blues" is classic Tull..."Glory Row", "Saturation" and "Paradise Steakhouse" are terrific songs..."Sea Lion II" is quirky and fun and the two classically-tinged instrumentals are interesting.
1280;10;I turned on to this sound, listened to it a lot, don't like it as much now, but loved it then.
1281;1;I find it relaxing and engaging music....A fantastic hits collection for anyone...whether you like it loud or soft!!
1281;2;Same thing with Type O Negative's greatest hits.
1281;3;If you have never heard of this grouop then now is a good time to listen up.
1281;4;, that I realized the extent of the spirituality and openness of this music.
1281;5;, that I realized the extent of the spirituality and openness of this music.
1281;6;I found this CD sitting about the house one day (It's my mom's), and decided to give it a spin.
1281;7;Good for certain moods and best with headphones rather than in the car.
1281;8;Also worth noting is the meaning behind the lyrics in this song.
1281;9;If you love ambient, techno, dance, New Age, R &B, Jazz all into one incredible album check out his 4 albums.
1281;10;I love this album by Enigma.
1286;1;Good up and comin artist
1286;2;I bought this for my granddaughter and she loved it.
1286;3;Good up and comin artist
1286;4;I bought this for my granddaughter and she loved it.
1286;5;I bought this for my granddaughter and she loved it.
1286;6;I bought this for my granddaughter and she loved it.
1286;7;Definitely one to sing along to while driving the car.
1286;8;I love her voice, and the lyrics anre amazing
1286;9;And "80's Mercedes" is one of those toe tapping, sing along fun songs that just puts a smile on your face!
1286;10;I bought this for my granddaughter and she loved it.
1287;1;As well as singing, lead vocalist Natalie plays the acoustic guitar, electric guitar, and the bass guitar  'Fly' is their second major label record, and it's absolutely fantastic...The album begins with the fun, up-tempo 'Ready to Run'.
1287;2;It's charming and slightly sad to hear the gracious, selfless lyrics.
1287;3;It's a good song, but not one of my favourites.
1287;4;i love the dixie chicks!
1287;5;i love the dixie chicks!
1287;6;This album is my favorite, although not by much ("Home" and "Wide Open Spaces" are also excellent in their own right).
1287;7;"Ready To Run"...this track is upbeat and fun, it puts me in a good mood right away (fun to play when you're driving on the way to a party or something).
1287;8;It's charming and slightly sad to hear the gracious, selfless lyrics.
1287;9;"Ready To Run"...this track is upbeat and fun, it puts me in a good mood right away (fun to play when you're driving on the way to a party or something).
1287;10;i love the dixie chicks!
1284;1;The riffs are great, the songs are well stuctured, the leads are fantastic (both from Smith and Roy Z) and while this is not quite a classic (it still doesn't beat Maiden's "7th Son Of A 7th Son" album) it is still a damn good album.
1284;2;It's definitely got that MAIDEN feel, but a little more edge.
1284;3;Bruce really knwos how to make very good songs.
1284;4;It's definitely got that MAIDEN feel, but a little more edge.
1284;5;I sincerely hope that anyone who reads this will purchase it.
1284;6;"Book Of Thel" is another highlight, as it begins with about a minute-and-a-half of clean, piano-like strings.
1284;7;It's definitely got that MAIDEN feel, but a little more edge.
1284;8;And yes,that is William Blake's poetry in a lot of the  lyrics and spoken word.
1284;9;It's definitely got that MAIDEN feel, but a little more edge.
1284;10;I really really love Bruce previous album, the fantastic ACCIDENT OF BIRTH, but this one.....I don't know, maybe CHEMICAL WEDDING it's the pinnacle of Bruce great solo career...But i really like BALLS TO PICASSO and SKUNKWORKS...What can i say?
1285;1;Brandon Boyd was a good singer on SCEINCE, a fantastic singer on Make Yourself, but now he is truly great.
1285;2;The lyrics are clever and the bass line follows nicely with the guitar work that create such a 'bad ass' song.
1285;3;Also -- you can take this as either a bad thing or a good thing -- the subject matter of the music has switched from relationships and daily life to a more political agenda.
1285;4;And yeah, for many who may understand this, they're 'keeping it real.'
1285;5;Incubus focuses on multiple aspects of music to enhance their quality, and they did a great job...I will say right now that there is one track on ACLOTM that I did not like at all--Zee Deveel.
1285;6;Don't get me wrong, Morning View is a very good album indeed, inspired by the big ass house & pretty scenery of course.
1285;7;Although many of the newer fans that jumped on the bandwagon as "Drive" became a hit in 2001 complained about the odd ideas on A Crow Left Of The Murder, the true lover of music should embrace this album for what it is: a brilliant adventure.
1285;8;The lyrics are clever and the bass line follows nicely with the guitar work that create such a 'bad ass' song.
1285;9;'SCIENCE' was fun and packed with full-on angst ridden overcharged heaviness, but this album uses a much more appropriate balance of styles.
1285;10;.8) Southern Girl (11/10) I love this song.
1337;1;Jordan Knight Joey McIntire and the rest of the guys sound pretty good.
1337;2;Jordan Knight Joey McIntire and the rest of the guys sound pretty good.
1337;3;Jordan Knight Joey McIntire and the rest of the guys sound pretty good.
1337;4;Jordan Knight Joey McIntire and the rest of the guys sound pretty good.
1337;5;Jordan Knight Joey McIntire and the rest of the guys sound pretty good.
1337;6;Jordan Knight Joey McIntire and the rest of the guys sound pretty good.
1337;7;Jordan Knight Joey McIntire and the rest of the guys sound pretty good.
1337;8;Jordan Knight Joey McIntire and the rest of the guys sound pretty good.
1337;9;This collection will take you back to fun, innocent times.
1337;10;If you are a new kids on the block fan then you will love their greatest hits this is a must have for any fan add this to your collection.
1336;1;Plenty of familiar Christmas music played in the Celtic Thunder style with good performances and clean recording.
1336;2;Great addition to your Christmas album collection.
1336;3;Plenty of familiar Christmas music played in the Celtic Thunder style with good performances and clean recording.
1336;4;Great addition to your Christmas album collection.
1336;5;Great addition to your Christmas album collection.
1336;6;Plenty of familiar Christmas music played in the Celtic Thunder style with good performances and clean recording.
1336;7;We loved the CD so much that we bought one for a friend who reports that she loves having it play in the car when she is driving to work as it gets her in the holiday spirit and helps her face the day (she teaches high school).
1336;8;It had me in tears several.times just from the sheer beauty of the music and lyrics.
1336;9;This is one of those big spectaculars that are fun to watch or just listen.
1336;10;We loved the CD so much that we bought one for a friend who reports that she loves having it play in the car when she is driving to work as it gets her in the holiday spirit and helps her face the day (she teaches high school).
1339;1;For those who haven't heard this album, my advice: Buy it, Enjoy it, Love it.
1339;2;BLUE, RED, AND GREY- Another pain killer with lovely banjo and brass mix with vocals from Townshend about how he loves every minute of the day, unlike some of his friends.
1339;3;Almost all of the tracks are astounding after a few good listens.
1339;4;The songs on WHO BY NUMBERS are witty, caustic, confessional, and, in several cases--"They Are All In Love," "Blue Red And Grey"--downright pretty.
1339;5;"The Who By Numbers" remains one of the most carefully studied of the group's mighty catalog, both for its arching power and honest confession.
1339;6;The songs on WHO BY NUMBERS are witty, caustic, confessional, and, in several cases--"They Are All In Love," "Blue Red And Grey"--downright pretty.
1339;7;The songs on WHO BY NUMBERS are witty, caustic, confessional, and, in several cases--"They Are All In Love," "Blue Red And Grey"--downright pretty.
1339;8;Great songs, great lyrics, great performances.
1339;9;"Squeeze box", a catchy tune and fun song.
1339;10;I love the bonus tracks, though it lets you asking for more!!!!
1338;1;And the opening monologue from Christopher Lee is, as you might expect, among some of the finest spoke word performances...Produced by the amazing Bob Ezrin and funded by fans, this is an energetic, hard-rocking, fun loving tour-de-force!
1338;2;And the opening monologue from Christopher Lee is, as you might expect, among some of the finest spoke word performances...Produced by the amazing Bob Ezrin and funded by fans, this is an energetic, hard-rocking, fun loving tour-de-force!
1338;3;If I didn't already know who he was, I honestly would have guessed him to be in his late 20s, he just sounds that good.
1338;4;And the opening monologue from Christopher Lee is, as you might expect, among some of the finest spoke word performances...Produced by the amazing Bob Ezrin and funded by fans, this is an energetic, hard-rocking, fun loving tour-de-force!
1338;5;And the opening monologue from Christopher Lee is, as you might expect, among some of the finest spoke word performances...Produced by the amazing Bob Ezrin and funded by fans, this is an energetic, hard-rocking, fun loving tour-de-force!
1338;6;And the opening monologue from Christopher Lee is, as you might expect, among some of the finest spoke word performances...Produced by the amazing Bob Ezrin and funded by fans, this is an energetic, hard-rocking, fun loving tour-de-force!
1338;7;And the opening monologue from Christopher Lee is, as you might expect, among some of the finest spoke word performances...Produced by the amazing Bob Ezrin and funded by fans, this is an energetic, hard-rocking, fun loving tour-de-force!
1338;8;And the opening monologue from Christopher Lee is, as you might expect, among some of the finest spoke word performances...Produced by the amazing Bob Ezrin and funded by fans, this is an energetic, hard-rocking, fun loving tour-de-force!
1338;9;And the opening monologue from Christopher Lee is, as you might expect, among some of the finest spoke word performances...Produced by the amazing Bob Ezrin and funded by fans, this is an energetic, hard-rocking, fun loving tour-de-force!
1338;10;great cd my daughter loves it
1341;1;All of the songs here are very good and the aforementioned "Mother" would actually be a big hit six years later at the height of grunge when featured on the EP Demonsweatlive.
1341;2;There's not a bad one on this so its easily played all the way through.
1341;3;All of the songs here are very good and the aforementioned "Mother" would actually be a big hit six years later at the height of grunge when featured on the EP Demonsweatlive.
1341;4;The best song, and one of the bands best, is track four "Soul on Fire."
1341;5;The best song, and one of the bands best, is track four "Soul on Fire."
1341;6;It has a great clean sound to it that emphasizes Danzig's Elvis meets Jim Morrison vocals while the guitar, bass & drums feel very muscular.
1341;7;I LOVE it,its a great CD for the car and includes the hit Mother,anazing..........If U love hard Rock get this!
1341;8;The lyrics are poetic and would sound clichd if sung by any other vocalist, but Glenn Danzig delivers them with depth and emotion.
1341;9;The best song, and one of the bands best, is track four "Soul on Fire."
1341;10;got for my brother , and he loves it
1340;1;I can't point out many tracks as exceptional, yet that is actually a good thing.
1340;2;"You've Got The Love I Need" flourishes with strings, choir and great guitar licks surrounding a smooth & prime vocal from the legendary singer blending fine with inspired vocal from guest Anthony Hamilton, this winner has hit sound all over it but radio today mainly plays "wannabes" they are pushing & are not in to the real thing, yet with lack of radio support this stunning set still won well-deserved Grammy Awards...too bad for talent starved radio audiences!
1340;3;"You've Got The Love I Need" flourishes with strings, choir and great guitar licks surrounding a smooth & prime vocal from the legendary singer blending fine with inspired vocal from guest Anthony Hamilton, this winner has hit sound all over it but radio today mainly plays "wannabes" they are pushing & are not in to the real thing, yet with lack of radio support this stunning set still won well-deserved Grammy Awards...too bad for talent starved radio audiences!
1340;4;I forsee a Grammy Award nomination at the end of the year and most likely a winner.
1340;5;John Legend, Corine Bailey Rae, Quest Love and the other Roots personnel clearly know how to compliment a living legend and no doubt, they all studied Willie Mitchell and the Memphis sound.
1340;6;I play this CD at home, in the car, and at the office.
1340;7;I play this CD at home, in the car, and at the office.
1340;8;"You've Got The Love I Need" flourishes with strings, choir and great guitar licks surrounding a smooth & prime vocal from the legendary singer blending fine with inspired vocal from guest Anthony Hamilton, this winner has hit sound all over it but radio today mainly plays "wannabes" they are pushing & are not in to the real thing, yet with lack of radio support this stunning set still won well-deserved Grammy Awards...too bad for talent starved radio audiences!
1340;9;I forsee a Grammy Award nomination at the end of the year and most likely a winner.
1340;10;And besides when you hear songs like "I'm Wild About You","Standing In The Rain" and the wonderful "You've Got The Love I Need" those horns,basslines,organ and rhythm will flow right through you so well you'll be as much involved in the whole musical experience as Al is.
1343;1;I have always enjoyed the music.
1343;2;The first highwaymen album is my favorite...this album is incredible in it's own right...but i heard the 1st album before i'd ever heard this one...
1343;3;love the music the price was good
1343;4;The first highwaymen album is my favorite...this album is incredible in it's own right...but i heard the 1st album before i'd ever heard this one...
1343;5;The first highwaymen album is my favorite...this album is incredible in it's own right...but i heard the 1st album before i'd ever heard this one...
1343;6;The first highwaymen album is my favorite...this album is incredible in it's own right...but i heard the 1st album before i'd ever heard this one...
1343;7;The first highwaymen album is my favorite...this album is incredible in it's own right...but i heard the 1st album before i'd ever heard this one...
1343;8;The first highwaymen album is my favorite...this album is incredible in it's own right...but i heard the 1st album before i'd ever heard this one...
1343;9;The first highwaymen album is my favorite...this album is incredible in it's own right...but i heard the 1st album before i'd ever heard this one...
1343;10;this is a great tunes love all four of them  there great Rod
1342;1;And my, what a fun journey it is.
1342;2;Track 8 is my favorite track and theme but it has a hard time competing with track 10 that has John Dunbar's theme played lively by the brass section.
1342;3;John Barry's score for Dances With Wolves has been a classic and for good reason.
1342;4;Track 8 is my favorite track and theme but it has a hard time competing with track 10 that has John Dunbar's theme played lively by the brass section.
1342;5;Track 8 is my favorite track and theme but it has a hard time competing with track 10 that has John Dunbar's theme played lively by the brass section.
1342;6;Most stunning, perhaps, is that the music that captures the epic grandeur of the American West better than any other was written by an Englishman, albeit one who has adopted the US as his home...This CD does not present the score "in its entirety," as the liner notes claim, but there is a huge amount not available until now, and at the low list price, this is a must have for anybody who enojys film music.
1342;7;Got the soundtrack to travel in my wild west areas.
1342;8;It has a homely feeling like Home On The Range but without the lyrics.
1342;9;As a seasoned film score enthusiast, I have acrued quite a collection and film scores, but there are only a handfull that are perfect from start to finish
1342;10;I love movie scores - this CD is my top all time favorite!
1329;1;This cd is a very good example of his home life and friends and community as he grew up.
1329;2;Getting to the emotions of the song, expressing all the pain and power and feeling...I still hear that in this music.
1329;3;This cd is a very good example of his home life and friends and community as he grew up.
1329;4;I could not care two wiffs about genre labals and I know master music when I hear it...Image implications aside, I have always liked Elvis.
1329;5;The title can be easily read.
1329;6;This cd is a very good example of his home life and friends and community as he grew up.
1329;7;During this run of hits, Clean up your own back yard became a UK number two hit and also made the American top forty but is not included because it wasn't recorded at these sessions although its B-side (The fair is moving on, a beautiful but rarely-heard ballad) is here...The remaining tracks are also impressive, especially True love travels on a gravel road, an original song co-written by Dallas Frazier, a prolific country songwriter.
1329;8;It is a perfectly sequenced album of songs delivered with the most powerful, heartfelt emotion Elvis ever presented in a secular setting.
1329;9;I could not care two wiffs about genre labals and I know master music when I hear it...Image implications aside, I have always liked Elvis.
1329;10;The stereo versions of "Rubberneckin'" and "My Little Friend" are on the newly remastered&nbsp
1328;1;"Little Bird" is a catchy, fantastic, happy dance-and-sing-along song.
1328;2;"Little Bird" Annie's voice really shines through on this track, with an incredible beat and of course, Annie's vocals as the chorus, and "The Gift" about the miracle of breaking up, it's very sad yet moving song.
1328;3;Good songs, great voice and expression in a soft pop format
1328;4;Her vocals are very strong and beautiful.
1328;5;The other really good tune is Money Can't Buy It, which is a compelling tune about the price one pays for fame and shallow celebrity...I bought my copy in about 1993, and Diva again became my favourite album in December 2002 when I had it on high rotation on my home stereo while reading an Annie Lennox biography...This superior album is an "adult contemporary" style of high-quality pop and is still great to hear today...5 stars
1328;6;The other really good tune is Money Can't Buy It, which is a compelling tune about the price one pays for fame and shallow celebrity...I bought my copy in about 1993, and Diva again became my favourite album in December 2002 when I had it on high rotation on my home stereo while reading an Annie Lennox biography...This superior album is an "adult contemporary" style of high-quality pop and is still great to hear today...5 stars
1328;7;This is a superb cd and it's in my car as we "speak".
1328;8;The depth of emotion she expresses through her lyrics are such that every time you listen to the CD you get a different interpretation.
1328;9;She sings so beautifully on such classics as "Why", "Walking On Broken Glass" and she gets back to her Eurythmics style with her dance hit, "Little Bird".
1328;10;I also love the passionate song, "Cold" and "Legend In My Living Room".
1331;1;Picked this up at a garage sale and find it absolutely fantastic!
1331;2;Allman brothers on vinyl= awesome!
1331;3;Every one is so good.
1331;4;Allman brothers on vinyl= awesome!
1331;5;Then that wonderful and under-appreciated bassist Berry Oakley would be gone, too...The ABB would have its ups and downs and be a breeding ground for great musicians and a continuing fount of great music, but nothing has yet topped the tight, focused, writing, playing, and sequencing of this first album.
1331;6;It sound fresh, pure and honest
1331;7;Allman brothers on vinyl= awesome!
1331;8;There's a lot of raw emotion on this record, and it helps boost up the weaker tracks - for instance, I've never been a great fan of "Don't Want You No More", but I love the way they totally rip into it, putting a lot of anger into those guitars.
1331;9;The "jamming" by the Allman Brothers Band here, and on future releases, is far more fun, dramatic, soulful, and funky than anything the Grateful Dead would ever play!
1331;10;The result was basically falling in love with their material and I have since picked up much of their stuff.
1330;1;Thank you Chuck for the inspiration and emotion.
1330;2;It's very sad that this great band is not around anymore and the untimely passing away of a man with great talent and passion.
1330;3;Spiritual Healing was a good album.
1330;4;Thank you Chuck for the inspiration and emotion.
1330;5;So I've read that Sound Of Perseverance was the last and most complex and melodic arrangement Death has released.
1330;6;Thank you Chuck for the inspiration and emotion.
1330;7;A different line-up (true), also of highly gifted musicians
1330;8;"Flattening of Emotions," "Together As One," and "Secret Face" collectively possess some of the most resonant and profound lyrics I've ever heard.
1330;9;Thank you Chuck for the inspiration and emotion.
1330;10;And I thought symbolic was good for my first Death album when i bought this one I couldn't get enough of the intensity of every song Chuck is indeed a metal god his lyrics are wise and his guitar skills are just simply phenomenal I love each and every song equally thats how good it is and for progressive Death metal damn good tunes long live Chuck \m/
1333;1;A fantastic combination of fun, music, talent and composition.
1333;2;And he has plenty of help, including some of the most legendary musicians in the history of rock: Chris Hillman, Dallas Taylor, and yes, Bill Wyman of the Stones, who says he was close to leaving the bad boys of London for Manassas  If I hadn't seen them live at a the Festival of Hope on Long Island in 1972 I would not have remembered, 40-plus years later (!!)
1333;3;great as it is, but there's some good stuff lost in the sampling.
1333;4;"So Begins The Task" might be in the top five greatest songs of the 70's.
1333;5;"So Begins The Task" might be in the top five greatest songs of the 70's.
1333;6;This album proves, once and for all, that Stills and his bandmates can really cook, and they did on this original double-vinyl album.
1333;7;A trip back to this time and place....
1333;8;And he has plenty of help, including some of the most legendary musicians in the history of rock: Chris Hillman, Dallas Taylor, and yes, Bill Wyman of the Stones, who says he was close to leaving the bad boys of London for Manassas  If I hadn't seen them live at a the Festival of Hope on Long Island in 1972 I would not have remembered, 40-plus years later (!!)
1333;9;A fantastic combination of fun, music, talent and composition.
1333;10;If you like it then you will love it now as it is a very good transfer to digital.
1332;1;good cd, enjoy listening to it
1332;2;I Can't Explain, Rock You Like A Hurricane and The Zoo are all here, and they all sound excellent...There is not one bad thing I have to say about this disc.
1332;3;They had some good hard-driving rhythms that are good for getting the old head banging, and some really good solos (say what you will about hair metal, but they always did manage to have some really good solos).
1332;4;I think "Wind of Change" has got to be the best hair metal ballad ever written.
1332;5;I think "Wind of Change" has got to be the best hair metal ballad ever written.
1332;6;I think "Wind of Change" has got to be the best hair metal ballad ever written.
1332;7;great tunes on a long drive, fast service
1332;8;I Can't Explain, Rock You Like A Hurricane and The Zoo are all here, and they all sound excellent...There is not one bad thing I have to say about this disc.
1332;9;cool cd brings me back to the old 80's and hanging with friends at parties listening to the scorps!!
1332;10;They have been one of my fav's from the 80's and have some of the best love songs and heartfelt songs to please all the generations.
1335;1;The lyrics are generally very good and easily quotable which makes singing along easy and great fun.
1335;2;This wasn't bad or in poor taste, it just showed that they knew how to do business and it payed off tremendously, especially for listerners who would have never heard this music had the group not gotten this far...The opening track is a good example of their love for arty post-punk and new wave.
1335;3;This wasn't bad or in poor taste, it just showed that they knew how to do business and it payed off tremendously, especially for listerners who would have never heard this music had the group not gotten this far...The opening track is a good example of their love for arty post-punk and new wave.
1335;4;This is especially true of the Police-the powerhouse trio consisting of Sting, Stewart Copeland, and Andy Summers-whose "white reggae" musical style still provides a wholly unique and enlivening musical experience.
1335;5;This is especially true of the Police-the powerhouse trio consisting of Sting, Stewart Copeland, and Andy Summers-whose "white reggae" musical style still provides a wholly unique and enlivening musical experience.
1335;6;No band could latch on to an infectious groove and drive it home like the Police.
1335;7;No band could latch on to an infectious groove and drive it home like the Police.
1335;8;The lyrics are generally very good and easily quotable which makes singing along easy and great fun.
1335;9;The lyrics are generally very good and easily quotable which makes singing along easy and great fun.
1335;10;This wasn't bad or in poor taste, it just showed that they knew how to do business and it payed off tremendously, especially for listerners who would have never heard this music had the group not gotten this far...The opening track is a good example of their love for arty post-punk and new wave.
1334;1;But when  you do, you'll appreciate and enjoy it as a very good album which suits  open minded listeners with a bit of taste.
1334;2;Cornell himself is pretty much same (like that's a bad thing), but he tunes down his screaming and howling to produce a much  more soulful, rich vocal performance, even though there's not a absence of the former.
1334;3;There are a few good songs and a few terrible ones, a first for Soundgarden.
1334;4;I could go on & on & on - the songwriting is in a different league, more mature, taking you on a more deliberate & impressive travel to a musical destination, rather than just bashing out creative riffs "but, harder."
1334;5;This record showcases Chris Cornell's best lyrical effort to date, and finds the band with more of a focus on vocals and lyrics...The music on the album is structured extremely well and is laced with complexities, yet it still remains accesable.
1334;6;Superunknown was hailed as its best work because it housed the most powerful singles Soundgarden ever produced.
1334;7;I could go on & on & on - the songwriting is in a different league, more mature, taking you on a more deliberate & impressive travel to a musical destination, rather than just bashing out creative riffs "but, harder."
1334;8;I also like it's lyrics regarding taking things for granted that we as children seemed to always have...9.
1334;9;Screaming Life / FOPP, Ultramega OK, Loud Love, and much of Badmotorfinger - those represent the raw, unpredictable sweet spot for me with enough structure, wildness, weird sounds, angst, unpredictability, and (somehow) fun at the same time to really put Soundgarden in their own category.
1334;10;Down On The Upside, as the first reviewer put it so well, crystallizes absolutely everything about the band that I love, goes further than any other album, and somehow pulls it off in such a confident, swaggering way that it's breathtaking.
1320;1;If you want to go and try a couple of songs, I recomend you to listen to "Dance me to the end of Love" and "You are going to make me Lonesome when you Go", these two will give you a very good idea of what to expect in the album...Easily one of the best vocal releases of 2004.
1320;2;Her voice is airy, sweet, lucid and will leave you breathless...I believe Careless Love is among her best 3 albums, in the same company as The Blue Room and Half the Perfect World.
1320;3;If you want to go and try a couple of songs, I recomend you to listen to "Dance me to the end of Love" and "You are going to make me Lonesome when you Go", these two will give you a very good idea of what to expect in the album...Easily one of the best vocal releases of 2004.
1320;4;Producer Larry Klein has outdone himself in assembling a solidly packaged showcase for a voice that is hauntingly familiar and strikingly new all at the same time.
1320;5;The earthy instrumentation by Larry Goldings puts the focus on Peyroux's unique vocals and beckons the listener to the nostalgic 1930s era.
1320;6;This song was performed by a singer named Josephine Baker and sung to soldiers during World War II to inspire them to come home safely...Careless Love is an album that has increased my appreciation for  classic jazz music.
1320;7;The title track  is a song with timeless lyrics about how someone we love can drive us crazy.
1320;8;She captures the ambivalence of the lyrics in a way Dylan never did.
1320;9;Her first album received high marks from critics, and the sophomore effort "Careless Love" (Rounder) is anything but a disappointment...The opening track "Dance Me to the End of Love" is pure dreamy magic showcasing this amazing voice, with a light piano riff from Larry Goldings and David Pilch's baseline that make you want to move-an energizing and satisfying new dance piece.
1320;10;Madeleine Peyroux takes us all the way to the end of love and beyond.
1321;1;First of all it gets 5 stars for the awesome music they can create, really fun music, good clean rock and roll.
1321;2;With a follow up to a great debut album, Brad Arnold has done it again.
1321;3;Great album, all good songs
1321;4;With a follow up to a great debut album, Brad Arnold has done it again.
1321;5;Dangerous Game...4/5: "The Game" will have you interested just by reading the lyrics.
1321;6;And with the arrival of ~Away From the Sun~ the passions in this house, at least, have enjoyed some exceptional moments.
1321;7;Due to my raw inarticulation, I will merely say it's great stuff for a road trip, soft when it needs to and hard because it has to.
1321;8;Songs such as "Here Without You" and "Changes" are more than songs that sound awesome
1321;9;I don't dance, but man did I feel like dancing while listening to this!
1321;10;Love most of their music
1322;1;I enjoy listen to miranda lambert
1322;2;Now she's a Sony recording artist, and her successful singles, the upbeat "Me and Charlie Talking" and sad "Greyhound Bound For Nowhere" got much airplay and kept the buzz about Miranda buzzing.
1322;3;Good album you can see how far she's come since the early days.
1322;4;She is a great song writer and singer.
1322;5;Once I read the liner notes and saw she wrote most of this herself I grew even more respect for her.
1322;6;But Miranda Lambert has the voice as soft and clean as anything I've ever heard, and she is well worth the attention she's been receiving, despite sounding anything like a country-pop mainstream crossover success.
1322;7;She is a great song writer and singer.
1322;8;Now she's a Sony recording artist, and her successful singles, the upbeat "Me and Charlie Talking" and sad "Greyhound Bound For Nowhere" got much airplay and kept the buzz about Miranda buzzing.
1322;9;, this smart song about growing up, owning up to your mistakes and learning to put the past behind you is intelligent, artistic and fun, all at the same time.
1322;10;She deserves everyone who loves country music to love her.
1323;1;Thanks for a great time listening and remembering the good times!
1323;2;Experiences that I will always treasure for a long time.
1323;3;Thanks for a great time listening and remembering the good times!
1323;4;Experiences that I will always treasure for a long time.
1323;5;This gives you everything you want to hear from the guys.Love to listen to it while riding my exercise bike/that and a good book to read makes.the exercise time fly by
1323;6;nice cleaned up account of a great career
1323;7;Experiences that I will always treasure for a long time.
1323;8;Experiences that I will always treasure for a long time.
1323;9;Experiences that I will always treasure for a long time.
1323;10;I love these guys but who can afford all their albums on CD.
1324;1;The reading of Night Before Christmas by Jim Carter was so fantastic.
1324;2;I am mixed on Elizabeth's intonation, but her voice is terrific.
1324;3;So british and classy, christmas as it is ... out of time... a really good set of songs, singers, ensemble, choir.
1324;4;I am mixed on Elizabeth's intonation, but her voice is terrific.
1324;5;I am mixed on Elizabeth's intonation, but her voice is terrific.
1324;6;It brought back wonderful feelings and memories of window shopping as a kid, the Christmas music they played on speakers at night in my little town, Christmas plays at school, and the music we had in our own home growing up (even though it was late 60's - 70's, we had old stuff).
1324;7;Very enjoyable for your home or car.
1324;8;I am mixed on Elizabeth's intonation, but her voice is terrific.
1324;9;I am mixed on Elizabeth's intonation, but her voice is terrific.
1324;10;I also can't tell you I loved every single song on the album, but with 45 tracks it's very likely not every song will suit one's tastes.
1325;1;When It Falls is another good album from this group, and I would definitely recommend it over the Garden.
1325;2;There is absolutely no bad tracks in this LP, and even a weak song like "Salt Water Sound" is still good.
1325;3;There is absolutely no bad tracks in this LP, and even a weak song like "Salt Water Sound" is still good.
1325;4;A modern day hallelujah as it were, perhaps the best we can do.
1325;5;A modern day hallelujah as it were, perhaps the best we can do.
1325;6;Over 72 minutes long with clean tasty production & beautiful singing & melodies.
1325;7;Great for driving, relaxing at home, and for setting the mood wherever you go!
1325;8;There is absolutely no bad tracks in this LP, and even a weak song like "Salt Water Sound" is still good.
1325;9;First heard the track "In the Waiting Line" in the Zac Braff film "Garden State" and moved heaven and earth to find the track in the background at the party.
1325;10;This album makes me dream, think, love, and explore many things about myself.
1326;1;It's a likeable song with a catchy chorus though and fun to listen to...There's A Good Reason These Tables Are Numbered Honey, You Just Haven't Thought Of It Yet - 10/10 - You'd have to be crazy not to like this song!
1326;2;Fall out Boy is absolutely terrible now.
1326;3;The lead singer (Ryan Ross) has a very good and distinguishable voice...My take on the tracks:.
1326;4;Fall out Boy is absolutely terrible now.
1326;5;At the Disco is a new band full of Las Vegas scene kids clever enough to think of such clever, mature, maybe even funny if you read it without the music, lyrics.
1326;6;Fall out Boy is absolutely terrible now.
1326;7;at the Disco is all-around fun music - the kind of CD you want to have in the car for a long drive on a warm summer day.
1326;8;Very original,and the lyrics can be thought provoking...I love this group.
1326;9;This song is cool and fun to sing and dance along to...I Constantly Thank God For Esteban - 8/10 - This song is really a drop considering it's previous order of good tracks.
1326;10;Very original,and the lyrics can be thought provoking...I love this group.
1327;1;Ms.  Brightman wrings the emotion out of every note on the other pieces and  really invites you into the music.
1327;2;This CD is a great buy and would recommend for anyone to buy ( yes even those opera snobs ).
1327;3;The music on this cd is relaxing and exciting all in one.
1327;4;This CD is a great buy and would recommend for anyone to buy ( yes even those opera snobs ).
1327;5;This CD is a great buy and would recommend for anyone to buy ( yes even those opera snobs ).
1327;6;My favorite album of all time I have listen to this album for years at home and just had to have on my kindle
1327;7;This CD is a great buy and would recommend for anyone to buy ( yes even those opera snobs ).
1327;8;Ms.  Brightman wrings the emotion out of every note on the other pieces and  really invites you into the music.
1327;9;Her singing is most of the time absolutely charming, shameless, and fun to listen to, but then Andrea Bocelli's isn't.
1327;10;I loved her on this cd as well.
1312;1;I am happy that I purchased the CD and for anyone that is a Tears For Fears Fan
1312;2;"Pleasant" does not mean airy or background music as a negative connotation, but pleasant in the sense that the music is enjoyable.
1312;3;This is just good material that gets back to the basics for any band.
1312;4;The instruments were utilized well and the right vocal arrangements made this album even more appealing.
1312;5;So here I come, with what I think is this terrific insight, ready to write a brilliant review, but before I start tapping on my keyboard I stop to take a moment and read the Tears for Fears website.
1312;6;The instruments were utilized well and the right vocal arrangements made this album even more appealing.
1312;7;The instruments were utilized well and the right vocal arrangements made this album even more appealing.
1312;8;Good lyrics, catchy hooks and chorus, lots of instruments, good production.
1312;9;The tour waas also great, so many fans, all types, all ages dancing together singing.
1312;10;The CD consists of 14 great songs, including "Everybody Loves a Happy Ending".
1313;1;This album is really good and hip and current.
1313;2;The best song is on there is wake me up
1313;3;This album is really good and hip and current.
1313;4;The best song is on there is wake me up
1313;5;The best song is on there is wake me up
1313;6;The best song is on there is wake me up
1313;7;The best song is on there is wake me up
1313;8;Of course we start off with the first single of the album "Wake Me Up" with Aloe Blacc providing outstanding vocals and inspiring lyrics.
1313;9;It's an intriguing combination of country and dance music.
1313;10;I love country/folk/soul influences in music AND music that is catchy, so this album is perfect for me.
1314;1;They're good at what they do and that's all they need to do...The Robinson Brothers are soldiering on as valiantly as ever, it's great to have drummer Steve Gorman back on board, and new keyboardist Adam MacDougall seems to be fitting in fine (and even adds a few unexpected touches, like the Wild West saloon piano in "There's Gold in Them Hills").
1314;2;Out of the blue - two weeks before it was released - I heard of them releasing their next album, "Warpaint."
1314;3;They're good at what they do and that's all they need to do...The Robinson Brothers are soldiering on as valiantly as ever, it's great to have drummer Steve Gorman back on board, and new keyboardist Adam MacDougall seems to be fitting in fine (and even adds a few unexpected touches, like the Wild West saloon piano in "There's Gold in Them Hills").
1314;4;The songs on Warpaint will be great to see live.
1314;5;The songs on Warpaint will be great to see live.
1314;6;Speaking of the vocals, this album, as other reviewer's have already noted, has Chris' vocals right up front and very clean and clear.
1314;7;It makes a great closer for the album and before I know it, it's beginning all over again and I'm ready to make the trip with them..."Warpaint" is one of the best rockers out so far this year and now I feel filled with hope again that the Black Crowes have retained their bearings and are musically back on track.
1314;8;The lyrics are wonderful and fit nicely with the semi-ballad music.
1314;9;Almost as if they released an album of first takes, with the occasional slip-up here and there, but with all the enthusiasm and FUN and raw musicality this would bring...Chapeau, gentlemen.
1314;10;I think people will like it at first, but love it more and more with each spin...Also, I saw The Black Crowes Unplugged on MHD (Music High Definition channel), and they played songs from the new album.
1315;1;I have been a fan of all these guys for so long, I'm really happy the album came together the way that it has.
1315;2;I feel bad for bass players in general, as the instrument tends to be very "I don't miss it until it's gone", especially in heavy metal...I recommend the album wholeheartedly, and can say that without a second's pause.
1315;3;I feel bad for bass players in general, as the instrument tends to be very "I don't miss it until it's gone", especially in heavy metal...I recommend the album wholeheartedly, and can say that without a second's pause.
1315;4;Some great new things in here.
1315;5;While not necessary to enjoy this album, I certainly recommend any fan read the book as sort of a companion piece to this album.
1315;6;The chorus is very catchy, and tastefully uses gang-vocals to hammer home the words.
1315;7;Some great new things in here.
1315;8;I feel bad for bass players in general, as the instrument tends to be very "I don't miss it until it's gone", especially in heavy metal...I recommend the album wholeheartedly, and can say that without a second's pause.
1315;9;Has a really great lead guitar harmony part that dances throughout the song, And the chorus riff has a really cool, almost Black Sabbath feel to it.
1315;10;It's unique - their tone and use of harmonics is just so recognizably them, I love it.
1316;1;"Goin' Through the Motions", "In Thee", and "The Marshall Plan", are fantastic offerings rarely cited as such.
1316;2;Great album for any blue oyster cult fan.
1316;3;I have checked the reviews that have not given this album enough credits to merit a five star, yet I would say it is good enough to introduce you to this often underrated band.
1316;4;"Goin' Through the Motions", "In Thee", and "The Marshall Plan", are fantastic offerings rarely cited as such.
1316;5;"Goin' Through the Motions", "In Thee", and "The Marshall Plan", are fantastic offerings rarely cited as such.
1316;6;This one contains a nice sampling of their music, just enough to listen to on a quiet drive home from work.
1316;7;Their instrumental work is complex enough to be interesting and their vocals are traditionalistic style, on par with Led Zeppelin, so as to not offend anyone in the car pool.
1316;8;They really were a great band - superb musicianship, beautiful lyrics.
1316;9;"Goin' Through the Motions", "In Thee", and "The Marshall Plan", are fantastic offerings rarely cited as such.
1316;10;All the rest we know and love.
1317;1;He sings in a very good story telling voice and the piano on the track is fantastic.
1317;2;This CD is truly magnificent, a classic and the bad thing is people will sleep on it b/c it is  not a 'mainstream' sound.
1317;3;This CD is truly magnificent, a classic and the bad thing is people will sleep on it b/c it is  not a 'mainstream' sound.
1317;4;Every Song on this C.D is beautiful.
1317;5;Every Song on this C.D is beautiful.
1317;6;Every Song on this C.D is beautiful.
1317;7;Every Song on this C.D is beautiful.
1317;8;This CD is truly magnificent, a classic and the bad thing is people will sleep on it b/c it is  not a 'mainstream' sound.
1317;9;It's both fun and soulful and could appeal to both teenagers and adults.
1317;10;He is truly talented and I would love to see him in concert.
1318;1;Good CD  have some great tunes
1318;2;OMG Love all of the songs and have told so many that this album is one to get for the summer.
1318;3;Good CD  have some great tunes
1318;4;OMG Love all of the songs and have told so many that this album is one to get for the summer.
1318;5;OMG Love all of the songs and have told so many that this album is one to get for the summer.
1318;6;OMG Love all of the songs and have told so many that this album is one to get for the summer.
1318;7;It makes the drive to and from work so much better.
1318;8;OMG Love all of the songs and have told so many that this album is one to get for the summer.
1318;9;This guys music will get you dancing !
1318;10;I love this cd best so far in my opinion but I'm sure greater music to come from him!
1319;1;All the emotion you can get is delivered with passion and power, and at the very end that's all that matters with the blues -- I guess...So, if you ever wondered why this man influenced generations of monster axemen, including Steve Ray Vaugham, Jimi Hendrix, Eric Clapton and many many others, this album could be a good start.
1319;2;Pairing Albert 'King' Nelson with Booker T. Jones and his Memphis Group for the "Born Under A Bad Sign" sessions was a brilliant idea, commercially as well as artistically.
1319;3;All the emotion you can get is delivered with passion and power, and at the very end that's all that matters with the blues -- I guess...So, if you ever wondered why this man influenced generations of monster axemen, including Steve Ray Vaugham, Jimi Hendrix, Eric Clapton and many many others, this album could be a good start.
1319;4;There are some excellent Albert box sets that include a lot of this stuff, there are some older records that have a great,swingier feel, and some newer things that may appeal more to younger listeners, BUT, this is the one that put King on the -map-.
1319;5;There are some excellent Albert box sets that include a lot of this stuff, there are some older records that have a great,swingier feel, and some newer things that may appeal more to younger listeners, BUT, this is the one that put King on the -map-.
1319;6;Just the most influential blues album in history of mankind on a solid Rhino re-issue and clean pressing.
1319;7;If you listen to these recordings of Albert King you can hear the influence that drove Stevie to be the great blues player he was.
1319;8;All the emotion you can get is delivered with passion and power, and at the very end that's all that matters with the blues -- I guess...So, if you ever wondered why this man influenced generations of monster axemen, including Steve Ray Vaugham, Jimi Hendrix, Eric Clapton and many many others, this album could be a good start.
1319;9;The 16-page booklet has typically insightful and fun liner notes from Chicago's resident Blues and R'n'B writing genius BILL DAHL - a man whose talent and passion for the music has graced literally hundreds of reissues and major Box Sets.
1319;10;Fans of Eric Clapton would love this album because you can see where he gained a lot of his classic guitar licks from.
1494;1;In the world of electronica,  its good to know that these guys are around to give us all a good breath of  fresh AIR.
1494;2;It's happy and sad at the same time - the tunes are usually mellow without being poppy - and is to blame for the revived interest in vocoding, leading to a rash of techno / hip-hop tracks that overuse this effect without mercy.
1494;3;In the world of electronica,  its good to know that these guys are around to give us all a good breath of  fresh AIR.
1494;4;Created using a harmonic  blend of keyboards, synthisizers, and melodic vocals, Moon Safari captures  a unique sound that deserves attention.
1494;5;Created using a harmonic  blend of keyboards, synthisizers, and melodic vocals, Moon Safari captures  a unique sound that deserves attention.
1494;6;The other songs are just an excellent pieces of retro-electro-acoustic music...that's why AIR has become one of my favorites electronic downtempo groups, the refreshing music makes me very comfortable, relaxing, getting in good mood wherever i go...at work, traffic jam, at home.....This one is a must for a lover of this kind of electronic genre
1494;7;Trip hop/whatever has been performed instead of looped!"
1494;8;It's happy and sad at the same time - the tunes are usually mellow without being poppy - and is to blame for the revived interest in vocoding, leading to a rash of techno / hip-hop tracks that overuse this effect without mercy.
1494;9;I was at a new year's eve party at the end of 1998 and someone put this album on and it was great.
1494;10;Among many fav songs is "A New  Star In The Sky" which borrows from vintage 70's love anthems, then  bends it, into a wonderful cloud-like feeling.
1495;1;This CD is certainly a classic for lovers of good music.
1495;2;Sad that she can no longer sing, but I had the great experience of seeing a concert with her and Aaron Neville and will remember that always.
1495;3;This CD is certainly a classic for lovers of good music.
1495;4;"You Can Close Your Eyes" is one of the best closing songs on her  album catalog.
1495;5;"You Can Close Your Eyes" is one of the best closing songs on her  album catalog.
1495;6;The whole album has a breezy, nostalgic feel to it, and it's a pleasure to turn this on anytime, no matter what mood, and no matter where you are (car, house, you name it)...I love her albums during this period, and am very happy to have been introduced at an early age to such an incredible talent.
1495;7;The whole album has a breezy, nostalgic feel to it, and it's a pleasure to turn this on anytime, no matter what mood, and no matter where you are (car, house, you name it)...I love her albums during this period, and am very happy to have been introduced at an early age to such an incredible talent.
1495;8;Albums previous to this one had shown the power of Ronstadt's voice, but here the arrangements and the poignancy of the lyrics allowed the beauty of her voice to shine through fully.
1495;9;I love Linda and her style and voice and it has been really fun watching her all these years and the interesting projects she's done from Nelsen Riddle to the Mexican projects, to the Pirates of Penzanze, etc.
1495;10;One  her best J.D. Souther covers is "Faithless Love".
1492;1;I hope you enjoy this CD as much as I did!
1492;2;Love "You're the Best Think that ever Happened to Me."
1492;3;Her songs are timeless and always good to listen and dance too.
1492;4;Love "You're the Best Think that ever Happened to Me."
1492;5;Love "You're the Best Think that ever Happened to Me."
1492;6;Love "You're the Best Think that ever Happened to Me."
1492;7;Love "You're the Best Think that ever Happened to Me."
1492;8;She is gospel with overiding soul mixed with rhythmn and blues and a slow sexy rock that flows over lyrics like a smooth choo choo train.
1492;9;I like the joyful and upbeat song entitled "Friendship Train" and the touching "You're The Best Thing That Ever Happened To Me."
1492;10;Love "You're the Best Think that ever Happened to Me."
1493;1;I enjoy the song "Sing" from Ed Sheeran.
1493;2;I enjoy the song "Sing" from Ed Sheeran.
1493;3;These make great party cd's when you are not having a dj because they have such a good variety of music on each one.
1493;4;I enjoy the song "Sing" from Ed Sheeran.
1493;5;I enjoy the song "Sing" from Ed Sheeran.
1493;6;I enjoy the song "Sing" from Ed Sheeran.
1493;7;I enjoy the song "Sing" from Ed Sheeran.
1493;8;I enjoy the song "Sing" from Ed Sheeran.
1493;9;This song has a great beat that is fun to dance to.
1493;10;My kids are preteens and they are loving these sons even my toddler can listen to this music.
1490;1;I was very happy to have pre ordered this cd.
1490;2;The strong melodicism, bluesiness and funkiness that were at the core of Duke's entire approach to music are made to shine very brightly.
1490;3;Thank you Al for this great cd...  good music still can be found if you look for it...
1490;4;The strong melodicism, bluesiness and funkiness that were at the core of Duke's entire approach to music are made to shine very brightly.
1490;5;The strong melodicism, bluesiness and funkiness that were at the core of Duke's entire approach to music are made to shine very brightly.
1490;6;The strong melodicism, bluesiness and funkiness that were at the core of Duke's entire approach to music are made to shine very brightly.
1490;7;The strong melodicism, bluesiness and funkiness that were at the core of Duke's entire approach to music are made to shine very brightly.
1490;8;They include Boney James, Gerald Albright, Marcus Miller, Jeffrey Osborne, Kelly Price, Dianne Reeves, Lalah Hathaway, Stanley Clarke and Dr. John...The CD's title track "My Old Friend" may be a reworking of Al's old popular song but the lyrics definitely bring new meaning as it pertains to Al and George's friendship.
1490;9;Their friendship went beyond their industry affiliation.
1490;10;It is one of those swirling and atmospheric songs that Al sings with sincerity
1491;1;It has recently been released on HD, and a good DVD Edition with a few extras.
1491;2;If you are diehard fan of Olivia, you will want to check out the actual movie as well.
1491;3;It has recently been released on HD, and a good DVD Edition with a few extras.
1491;4;If you are diehard fan of Olivia, you will want to check out the actual movie as well.
1491;5;She is so amazingly beautiful, is tough as nails (read: breast cancer survivor), and has a lovely voice -- so what's not to love?
1491;6;i used to hear this song all the time on the bus going to and coming home from elementary school in the 3rd grade, and even caught cliff and olivia perform it on "solid gold"!!
1491;7;I have almost all of her albums and got this one because it has Twist Of Fate and makes a nice CD for the car when I don't want to take a bunch of her individual regular releases.
1491;8;"Something Better To Do":  This is an excellent broken-heart song with a great lyric and a typically subtle vocal.
1491;9;"A Little More Love", "Suddenly", "Physical" (a fun, danceable Pop song...), "Make a Move on Me", "Heart Attach",.
1491;10;Loving it Thank you so much!
1488;1;Poison is one of those groups that seems to be having fun, when they play.
1488;2;It's a great guilty pleasure CD...Anyone who has the old tapes, records or the original CD's must pick this up simply because it has ALL their hits on ONE CD and because of the remastered sound!
1488;3;While the 1996 'Greatest Hits' remastering was good for it's time this new 2006 remastering by Evren Goknar is brilliant.
1488;4;It's a great guilty pleasure CD...Anyone who has the old tapes, records or the original CD's must pick this up simply because it has ALL their hits on ONE CD and because of the remastered sound!
1488;5;It's a great guilty pleasure CD...Anyone who has the old tapes, records or the original CD's must pick this up simply because it has ALL their hits on ONE CD and because of the remastered sound!
1488;6;The audio is crisp, clean, and full, capturing the audio advancements in mastering 10 years later.
1488;7;I bought this CD for my car.
1488;8;They all love playing their instruments and really know how to write killer riffs and satanic lyrics!
1488;9;- Adding the Kiss's cover "Rock and roll all nite" is a gift for Fans, cool song and excellent performance of Poison's guys with their unique style...- The new song "We're American band" is very cool has Poison's touch, fresh, energy  and fun, this is the right way to do a cover ( as they did with "your mama doesn't dance" and "Cover of a Rolling Stone".
1488;10;For the record, I'm a musician who loves a lot of different genres of music, from prewar blues like Robert Johnson and Son House, to the Beatles to 70's punk, etc, etc, and I love this album.
1489;1;While not quite as good as the simply perfect masterpiece that is Dehumanizer, this fantastic return is almost as good.
1489;2;Next we pick up the pace a bit with "Double the Pain" and another great song here.
1489;3;After all these years and they are still sounding extremely good.
1489;4;Great from start to finish.
1489;5;Great from start to finish.
1489;6;The tune's outro is also noteworthy, as it ends with a rhythmically catchy, martial drum beat, another really excellent and epic melodic solo, and even some gorgeous clean guitar strumming.
1489;7;Great from start to finish.
1489;8;While it's true that a lot of the lyrics are obscure or even nonsensical, Dio's charisma lets him rise above the lyrics and make them sound significant even if they're not.
1489;9;Over the years I had my fun with Dio in various Amazon reviews.
1489;10;This one is HEAVY, the familiar power of Butler on bass, great riffs by Iommi and thundering drums by Vinny, then the guy who I've loved since Rainbow days, Dio, leading the group with still astounding singing.
1502;1;These fun songs are good for any mood, and  provide listening bliss whether you hear the heart breaking "When you  were mine" or the up beat "There's your trouble" you will  never want to hear anything other then these raving blondes again.
1502;2;'Loving Arms' is a sweet, though faintly sad song.
1502;3;And with their  heavenly, beautiful vocals, they sing ( movingly or joyfully, depends )  about people having a good or even bad time, lost and found love, broken  hearts, lovers apart, a small town girl on a journey to a more meaningful,  rewarding, fulfilled life, and a couple of mom and pop misting up, sadly  watching their beloved daughter gradually leave their sights for wide, open  spaces.
1502;4;Pop it in and remember the old relationships.
1502;5;Pop it in and remember the old relationships.
1502;6;Pop it in and remember the old relationships.
1502;7;Pop it in and remember the old relationships.
1502;8;Poignant lyric:  "There's a wound inside me, that's bleeding like a flood."
1502;9;There's also some fun on songs like "Let Er Rip" and "Give It Up Or Let Me Go".
1502;10;And with their  heavenly, beautiful vocals, they sing ( movingly or joyfully, depends )  about people having a good or even bad time, lost and found love, broken  hearts, lovers apart, a small town girl on a journey to a more meaningful,  rewarding, fulfilled life, and a couple of mom and pop misting up, sadly  watching their beloved daughter gradually leave their sights for wide, open  spaces.
1503;1;I was one of those high school kids sitting in the bleachers at the Oklahoma City Fairgrounds, listening to "Billion Dollar Babies and wondering if my parents were going to watch the news and find out who Alice Cooper was before I got home...For the time I was listening, this collection is a good choice of Coop's material.
1503;2;I recommend to it to anyone who likes soft rock or hard rock.
1503;3;I was one of those high school kids sitting in the bleachers at the Oklahoma City Fairgrounds, listening to "Billion Dollar Babies and wondering if my parents were going to watch the news and find out who Alice Cooper was before I got home...For the time I was listening, this collection is a good choice of Coop's material.
1503;4;I recommend to it to anyone who likes soft rock or hard rock.
1503;5;I recommend to it to anyone who likes soft rock or hard rock.
1503;6;I was one of those high school kids sitting in the bleachers at the Oklahoma City Fairgrounds, listening to "Billion Dollar Babies and wondering if my parents were going to watch the news and find out who Alice Cooper was before I got home...For the time I was listening, this collection is a good choice of Coop's material.
1503;7;This CD is exactly what you need for a extra fun driving experience!
1503;8;Included with the disc is a 14-page booklet (noted that this is actually an edited version of the liner notes that appear in the "Life & Times Of Alice Cooper" boxed set) that contains assorted pictures, 3-pages of insight, song titles/credits, tidbits about each song on the album (no lyrics), chart success of each song (if any), and album discography.
1503;9;I have been having so much fun for days now!
1503;10;I love every track here and there are the classics that everyone knows.
1500;1;The score is a lot of fun too and we enjoy figuring out which part of the movie the current song is from.
1500;2;These songs convey some of the deepest sadness and joy a person can experience, all while delivering the listener to the middle of a sunny, blue, pacific ocean.
1500;3;Good price, well worth the purchase for the hours of enjoyment, singing, and dancing.
1500;4;This is a great soundtrack from the movie.
1500;5;This is a great soundtrack from the movie.
1500;6;This CD has been a definite crowd-pleaser in our house...The songs themselves are all exceptionally catchy, and we both feel that the lyrics are much better than some of Disney's recent musicals.
1500;7;Our infant daughter loves the music, and it helps to keep her happy in the car, etc.
1500;8;While the headlining songs ("How Far I'll Go," "You're Welcome," and "Shiny") aren't very Polynesian, there's plenty of other music (both with lyrics and in the score) that are.
1500;9;The music is great, and the story is lots of fun.
1500;10;My grandkids just love the movie and listening to the music soundtracks.
1501;1;I have never heard this song performed in a soulful style before style before, and I really enjoyed it.
1501;2;I Am A Dj and this is the best place to get music and it is always as reported never gotten a bad cd
1501;3;This is a good song to play at parties, because it gets everyone dancing and feeling good.
1501;4;It contains the memorable line, "Shakespeare wrote poems about me even before I was born."
1501;5;This compilation, focusing on his Atlantic music but also including his three earlier tracks (the last three tracks here), contains all the essential tracks.
1501;6;On all tracks, the audio is extremely good and clean.
1501;7;This song is a very groovy tribute to a woman with a fast car.
1501;8;His songs cover such a wide range of emotions and feelings like few performers can.
1501;9;This is a good song to play at parties, because it gets everyone dancing and feeling good.
1501;10;This song has the endearing braggadocio we all came to love when practiced by Bo Diddley who "wore a cobra snake for a necktie."
1498;1;This is family music and fun to listen to.
1498;2;"My Lord And Master," performed by Leona Gordon who sang the vocals for Rita Moreno, is another masterpiece with a softness to it that belies the pain Rita's character Tuptim feels because she is separated from her one true love.
1498;3;It's good to also hear Terry Saunders as Lady Thiang, in a heartfelt, humane and imploring rendition of Something Wonderful, and she is the icing on the cake of this superb soundtrack recording...This EMI-Angel R&H soundtrack offers an extra benefit in addition to the extra musical sequences.
1498;4;Simply the best, by far, recording of TKAI.
1498;5;The linear notes are quite interesting to read, if you have no knowledge of the King and I movie.
1498;6;The result is a vividly theatrical recordng that, except for the "Small House of Uncle Thomas" ballet, contains the entire musical score.
1498;7;It is truly a joy to listen while driving.
1498;8;It is a special treat to listen to Yul Brynner's songs
1498;9;This is family music and fun to listen to.
1498;10;She loves the music from this time period and had worn out her vinyl copy and was missing her music.
1499;1;This album asks only that we listen, explore, and enjoy the gift of her talent - which she shares generously.
1499;2;And I'm happy to say that's exactly what she's done...  "Supernatural Love" and "Ain't All Bad" explore a strong funk groove with just a shadow of a rather "ol' school" early/mid 90's hip-hop production to it: since that in turn was inspired mainly by 70's funk makes them a superb fit.
1499;3;Harmony is a good producer and has served Fantasia well...Spare me the news of Fantasia's love-life.
1499;4;This album asks only that we listen, explore, and enjoy the gift of her talent - which she shares generously.
1499;5;Considering the ones the media have been trying and damage her with, she deserves this, and she probably will have the last laugh...(Thanks for reading my review, and it helped it any way, please leave a thumbs up or down, and don't forget to leave a comment too!)
1499;6;I like her new image and how she has clean up herself.
1499;7;This album asks only that we listen, explore, and enjoy the gift of her talent - which she shares generously.
1499;8;This song is so simple in lyric but is so honest it blew me away.
1499;9;very nice cd, good music, excellant to party or just chillin' out to and relaxing, really helps when i got to clean up.
1499;10;She has a new sound and I love it.
1496;1;Joey has fun with this tune--just check out how many references he makes to other jazz tunes, starting with the reference to "Jeepers Creepers" in the first few bars (which he comes back to a few more times).
1496;2;For a 13 year-old, a very big surprise.
1496;3;There is no "hey, this is good for a kid."
1496;4;For a 13 year-old, a very big surprise.
1496;5;For a 13 year-old, a very big surprise.
1496;6;For a 13 year-old, a very big surprise.
1496;7;Play this in my car a lot.
1496;8;For a 13 year-old, a very big surprise.
1496;9;Joey has fun with this tune--just check out how many references he makes to other jazz tunes, starting with the reference to "Jeepers Creepers" in the first few bars (which he comes back to a few more times).
1496;10;I never thought that I would enjoy an album of jazz piano music, but I love this.
1497;1;I know you will enjoy.
1497;2;the music takes you away.
1497;3;I would recommend anyone to use this album as dinner music as it creates an atmosphere beneficial to good eating.
1497;4;the music takes you away.
1497;5;the music takes you away.
1497;6;the music takes you away.
1497;7;He listens to it driving to work.
1497;8;the music takes you away.
1497;9;This album is wonderful...my toddler and I danced to most of these songs in the kitchen for most of the day.
1497;10;It's romantic, fluid, sensuous and many songs have an irrestible beat to which you can't sit still.
1479;1;I enjoyed the complete album
1479;2;she is the best rock and rool singer and a fine lady
1479;3;"All The Best" by Tina Turner is good for those who like pop rock greatest hits collections and/or soft rock.
1479;4;she is the best rock and rool singer and a fine lady
1479;5;Thus, my ear was tuned to the new, and that is what I will focus on since I am pretty sure most people reading this know her hits well enough to sing along...Disc 1 is a good mix of previously released material with a couple of exceptions.
1479;6;she is the best rock and rool singer and a fine lady
1479;7;She tells me that she listens to it in her car and loves it!
1479;8;The incredible "River Deep, Mountain High," with its soaring music and moving lyrics, conveys volumes about the emotional intensity love can bring.
1479;9;This song has a wonderful, upbeat feel, and while in no way could you say this song "rocks", Tina does what her fans love about her, she delivers a feel good message of friendship wrapped around a very satisfying pop backdrop.
1479;10;love it she is a great singer Brings back lot's of.good time
1478;1;Paid about $40.00 for it and thought it was a good by compared to the other "Fish Out of Water" cd's Amazon had in their inventory.
1478;2;Great solo album by one of my favorite bass players from the 70's!
1478;3;Paid about $40.00 for it and thought it was a good by compared to the other "Fish Out of Water" cd's Amazon had in their inventory.
1478;4;"You By My Side" sports tasteful utilization of the orchestra, and then segues beautifully into "Silently Falling," which begins with the fantastic flute of Jimmy Hastings.
1478;5;You will need a magnifying glass to read the notes and lyrics--well, at least I needed one.
1478;6;full of F.F.'s (fun facts, for you Dane Cook fans)....
1478;7;Great solo album by one of my favorite bass players from the 70's!
1478;8;'Hold Out Your Hand' is also good  with good lyrics.
1478;9;You get the impression he had fun with this one & it almost sounds like he improvised it.
1478;10;If you love classic progressive rock, this work is a must.
1477;1;Music is some sort of Powermetal, with great female vocals, a lot of energy and rather good musicianship.
1477;2;Nightwish has earned entry to elite status with this three-movement, stirring masterpiece depicting love and pain in a tragic serenade.
1477;3;Music is some sort of Powermetal, with great female vocals, a lot of energy and rather good musicianship.
1477;4;She has really great operatic voice and can carry whole songs just with it.
1477;5;The trade-off male and female vocals are also a nice touch, as it banishes the prior novelty of Tarja's strict operatic persona, especially when she works with a "normal" singing voice throughout, and does not focus solely on her grandiloquent trademark.
1477;6;This is very heavy and Marco shows that he can use a clean voice and growls.
1477;7;She has really great operatic voice and can carry whole songs just with it.
1477;8;Most metal bands are not known for great lyrics or for creating albums full of emotion, but this one is...Track 4, EVER DREAM, is possibly one of the most amazing songs ever created, filled with such sorrow and beauty at the same time.
1477;9;Whether it's the female or male singer, all the songs on Century Child are very melodic and fun to hear.
1477;10;Nightwish has earned entry to elite status with this three-movement, stirring masterpiece depicting love and pain in a tragic serenade.
1476;1;The guys are having fun, celebrating the old classics and frankly, just having a good time.
1476;2;It's good to see that the POSITIVES here far outweigh the few and putrid negatives from the crybabies who are never happy with anything and complain about everything.
1476;3;It's Rush just having fun together playing music together, which is a good thing to hear after all the bad stuff that's happened to Neil in the last 3 or 4 years.
1476;4;I also really liked the unfamiliar SEVEN AND SEVEN IS.
1476;5;I also really liked the unfamiliar SEVEN AND SEVEN IS.
1476;6;Getty Lee's voice is clean and piercing in its restraint...Rush sometimes got caught so in their own complications, you forgot what a great rock and roll band they were.
1476;7;I also really liked the unfamiliar SEVEN AND SEVEN IS.
1476;8;It's Rush just having fun together playing music together, which is a good thing to hear after all the bad stuff that's happened to Neil in the last 3 or 4 years.
1476;9;CROSSROADS is breezy and fun.
1476;10;Bass and drums are solid, of course, but for those who love Rush just for the incredible complexity of their compositions may find these tunes lacking.
1475;1;I really enjoy listening to this album.
1475;2;But the music is great, and you kinda grow on the songs and you like each one of them more and more each day....Many people in here keep saying bad things about Fred Durst.
1475;3;this album is wizard and fresh over 10 ten years have past and still itz fresh people hate it for no real reasons generation x generation  strange peace
1475;4;this album is wizard and fresh over 10 ten years have past and still itz fresh people hate it for no real reasons generation x generation  strange peace
1475;5;this album is wizard and fresh over 10 ten years have past and still itz fresh people hate it for no real reasons generation x generation  strange peace
1475;6;He is jumping round the house singing and dancing to all the songs.
1475;7;this album is wizard and fresh over 10 ten years have past and still itz fresh people hate it for no real reasons generation x generation  strange peace
1475;8;Emotion, plus, a little metal into it.
1475;9;Perhaps, not in the vein of technical complexity ala Death or Cynic, but still, always a fun listen.
1475;10;I was 10 when i first heard this cd and 10 years later I still love it to death.
1474;1;"Now/At The Party" is an interesting song as it starts out sounding like it will be a dance party instrumental and leads into a fun song where Maxwell just wants everyone to have a good time.
1474;2;When listening to any disc's of Maxwell you find the mood for love, pain, passion and any other thoughts of pure pleasure that seem to be underlined in this mans amazing voice.
1474;3;Lifetime, Noone (my fave), Get to know ya, Woman's work
1474;4;"No One" is one of those love jones songs that will have you bobbing your head as Maxwell sings in fautless falsetto and natural voice.
1474;5;"No One" is one of those love jones songs that will have you bobbing your head as Maxwell sings in fautless falsetto and natural voice.
1474;6;"Temporary Nite" and "Now/At The Party" are perfect house party jams.
1474;7;"No One" is one of those love jones songs that will have you bobbing your head as Maxwell sings in fautless falsetto and natural voice.
1474;8;That lyric sums up that track and the album perfectly.
1474;9;"Now/At The Party" is an interesting song as it starts out sounding like it will be a dance party instrumental and leads into a fun song where Maxwell just wants everyone to have a good time.
1474;10;"No One" is one of those love jones songs that will have you bobbing your head as Maxwell sings in fautless falsetto and natural voice.
1473;1;I'm so happy to have such a fantastic record!
1473;2;It's simple and straightforward, and it really enhances the sad, Scotch drenched lyrics.
1473;3;Ever since it came out, I have found Ten New Songs a constant and steadfast companion:  It provides comfort in dark times, and a muted celebratory vibe for good, quiet times.
1473;4;It sends a tingle down my spine!
1473;5;The font sellected is easy on the eye and the font is easy to read.
1473;6;It sends a tingle down my spine!
1473;7;Great CD, My old one got stuck in my car CD exchanger and I liked it so much I bought it again.
1473;8;It's simple and straightforward, and it really enhances the sad, Scotch drenched lyrics.
1473;9;It sends a tingle down my spine!
1473;10;I have loved Leonard Cohen's music since Songs From a Room, etc., in the late Sixties and while I appreciated his mid-period albums, his last couple have been a mixed bag.
1472;1;It is fun, driven and vocally great!
1472;2;Glass Houses is one of his best without a bad track on the entire CD.
1472;3;This song is a tribute to the days of rock and roll, as well as new wave and dance music (which didn't last very long)...Unfortunately, the remainder of the album loses some of its energy, but "Sleeping With the Television On" is very good...I give this CD my highest recommendation.
1472;4;The piano arrangement on "All For Leyna" works very well for this number..."I Don't Want To Be Alone" sports some intricate tempo changes
1472;5;Wearing it out now... Saw Billy in concert recently and rekindled the love of the old catalog.
1472;6;"Glass Houses" contains a harder rock edge.
1472;7;It is fun, driven and vocally great!
1472;8;It has great music and great lyrics!
1472;9;It's an album that is pure fun to sing and dance along with.
1472;10;Wearing it out now... Saw Billy in concert recently and rekindled the love of the old catalog.
1487;1;This is a fantastic musical experience and Jim James is a certifiable genius rock star...Folks, take your time, listen and enjoy.
1487;2;Jim James soars in this album with his unique song writing and rhythmic progressions.
1487;3;Masterfully retro but updated in a good way.
1487;4;Jim James soars in this album with his unique song writing and rhythmic progressions.
1487;5;Jim James soars in this album with his unique song writing and rhythmic progressions.
1487;6;Jim James soars in this album with his unique song writing and rhythmic progressions.
1487;7;Jim James soars in this album with his unique song writing and rhythmic progressions.
1487;8;Like all of their other albums, the lyrics are also special in the sense that there can be multiple meanings to almost every line, so every person can take something from it and connect it to their own reality...Let me suggest that you play this album properly before you try to dismiss it.
1487;9;I think Jim James is having fun making this album, and I have fun listening to it.
1487;10;I love this disc and also loved the past couple of MMJ's.
1486;1;Thank you for this good deal!!
1486;2;Mush better than the first "Best Of" that came out earlier.
1486;3;Thank you for this good deal!!
1486;4;Mush better than the first "Best Of" that came out earlier.
1486;5;Mush better than the first "Best Of" that came out earlier.
1486;6;Mush better than the first "Best Of" that came out earlier.
1486;7;Mush better than the first "Best Of" that came out earlier.
1486;8;Mush better than the first "Best Of" that came out earlier.
1486;9;Mush better than the first "Best Of" that came out earlier.
1486;10;Love the era and time.
1485;1;The best here is really 1969 and no fun, but its all good.
1485;2;What a great album... The beginning of so many things and still somewhat widely unknown and definitely underappreciated.
1485;3;The best here is really 1969 and no fun, but its all good.
1485;4;What a great album... The beginning of so many things and still somewhat widely unknown and definitely underappreciated.
1485;5;What a great album... The beginning of so many things and still somewhat widely unknown and definitely underappreciated.
1485;6;What a great album... The beginning of so many things and still somewhat widely unknown and definitely underappreciated.
1485;7;What a great album... The beginning of so many things and still somewhat widely unknown and definitely underappreciated.
1485;8;I believe that Iggy Pop, the Asheton brothers, and Dave Alexander invented  punk rock with this album...The three chord songs and overtly immature  lyrics are two elements that are still found in punk rock today (more than  30 years after the release of this album).
1485;9;1969, I Wanna Be Your Dog and No Fun are the best songs  on the album.
1485;10;This album has so many 5 stars that adding another review with an "I love it" mark isn't adding much.
1484;1;I definitely don't think that it's one of their best albums but I can still say that I really enjoy this fantastic album that does not have any filler tracks.
1484;2;This is a beautiful song, a swirling mix of painterly colors, sad and giddy at the same time.
1484;3;Like the old adage, Bono admits that he has some good days, and some learning days.
1484;4;On "The Wanderer", the band utilizing a heavy synth sound and Mr. Cash's deep voice swims along the cracks and pops of the track.
1484;5;The brilliant thing about "Zooropa" is that it only SOUNDS different, listen with care and read the lyrics and you realize everything spiritual, social and political that U2 has been saying through their music is still there intact.
1484;6;Bono transforms himself for the song, singing entirely in a falsetto that is, to put it mildly, transfixing.
1484;7;I have always likened U2's music to a rollercoaster ride, and "Zooropa" is one great trip.
1484;8;This is a beautiful song, a swirling mix of painterly colors, sad and giddy at the same time.
1484;9;Still, it doesn't come anywhere close to let's say "Achtung Baby" nor even "Unforgettable Fire" but "Zooropa" is a fun ride for the listener.
1484;10;I really love the beat too.
1483;1;50 is not the greatest lyricist but you have to admit G-Unit is on a roll right now, and if you know anything about hip hop you know that it won't last forever, so while the music is hot that's when you have to buy, this is probably as good as is going to get, so enjoy!
1483;2;Actually this album is great.
1483;3;Iv'e seen most of the videos  and there good...i Have the origonal Massacre which is 5 stars .
1483;4;Actually this album is great.
1483;5;Actually this album is great.
1483;6;I don't know about the clean version but the uncensored vesion has a great "Disco Inferno" video!
1483;7;"I'm Supposed To Die Tonight" A laid back beat as I said before production is crazy Fif takes you on a trip to his past with great song writting concepts.
1483;8;His intelligent lyrics and potent messages of empowerment help this young man sell millions of records all over the world.
1483;9;A lot of these songs, such as "Candy Shop" can create a good evening party enviroment.
1483;10;I gotta say I love it!
1482;1;In all, this is a good starting point for anyone who's curious about Merle Haggard's career.
1482;2;Great album by a great artist who is no longer with us.
1482;3;In all, this is a good starting point for anyone who's curious about Merle Haggard's career.
1482;4;Great album by a great artist who is no longer with us.
1482;5;Great album by a great artist who is no longer with us.
1482;6;Great album by a great artist who is no longer with us.
1482;7;Great album by a great artist who is no longer with us.
1482;8;Great album by a great artist who is no longer with us.
1482;9;Great album by a great artist who is no longer with us.
1482;10;Brother in law loved it.
1481;1;John may be paving the way to bring back music that is upbeat, fun and makes you feel so good!
1481;2;It exhibits how a relationship can go back and forth in pleasure and pain in knowing some things you shouldn't do or keeping going back to that one, but you can't help yourself.
1481;3;Will I Am and John Legend collaborate again on the feel good track, "Each Day Gets Better".
1481;4;This means that the CD in itself will be different.
1481;5;This means that the CD in itself will be different.
1481;6;The song was good enough on its own, but this memory sure helped add to my enjoyment...So I listened to the whole thing at a friend's house last night.
1481;7;Dude decided to drive innovative genre, and the result is GREAT.
1481;8;Much of today's popular music is like Viagra
1481;9;His music is so thoughtprovoking, fun, sexy, cool and vibrating all at once.
1481;10;"Show Me" is a smooth fusion of R&B and rock, and then it's retro time with "Each Day Gets Better" which reminds me of the Eagles' "Best of My Love"...A nice piano intro brings in the romantic "P.D.A. (We Just Don't Care)", and then it's way, way back in time to the days of Sam Cooke and company for "Slow Dance".
1480;1;to play this album start-to-finish and enjoy it as a whole work is just about as awesome a musical experience i have ever had...a new masterpiece from a band of truly exceptional artist.
1480;2;i must agree with those who feel this is the best Mars Volta album to date...it has been a blast seeing this band grow and evolve since "De-loused In The Comatorium" (in my mind, another absolutely priceless album), and, again, i have to side with those who see the most far-reaching expirimentations of "Frances The Mute" and "Amputecture" come astonishingly full-circle in the ferocioulsy focused bolt of of pure power that is album no.
1480;3;My feelings are, if you weren't a TMV fan already, this album will be a good first album.
1480;4;Still it's the most intense drum workout I've heard of any new album in some time that's not from a metal or jazz album.
1480;5;Omar, for his part, does the album a huge service by decreasing the frequency (not to mention the volume) of his atonal and often arrhythmic improvisational frenzies, allowing the listener to focus on the interaction of the full band.
1480;6;So, i continue home, pack a battie and pop in 'Bedlam'.
1480;7;Then once this album came out, we got it and slipped it in the cd player in our car, turned the volume all the way up, and were seriously surprised with the music.
1480;8;The musicianship is very tight, but the lyrics and the meaning behind the music steal the show here...In true TMV fashion, "Bedlam in Goliath" is a concept album.
1480;9;I think, its very fun and easy to listen to.
1480;10;I remember listening to deloused, it was my first TMV album, and completely loved it.
1524;1;he is just that good.
1524;2;Cool, blue, smooth, and cutting without remorse.
1524;3;he is just that good.
1524;4;Nice sounds...In closing, it has been years since I heard a vocal recording that genuinely featured the acoustic musicians.
1524;5;Nice sounds...In closing, it has been years since I heard a vocal recording that genuinely featured the acoustic musicians.
1524;6;Listened to it on Christmas Day driving to grandma's house.
1524;7;The messages reminded me of recent trips to this part of the world and the peace one can experience in this region at the right time of year.
1524;8;I suspect many religious groups and some individuals will complain about lyrics that repeatedly ask, "Where's God?"
1524;9;Nice sounds...In closing, it has been years since I heard a vocal recording that genuinely featured the acoustic musicians.
1524;10;I love his mix of the old and new modern sound that has the complexity that touches on jazz at times.
1525;1;Closer is another ballad that, while not a song that sticks out to me, is a good song, you can definitely enjoy it quite a bit.
1525;2;This is a good album: don't understand the bad reviews.
1525;3;This is a good album: don't understand the bad reviews.
1525;4;The songs on here are well crafted, all of them.
1525;5;Produced by genius producer read (Magical Ears!)
1525;6;The songs on here are well crafted, all of them.
1525;7;The songs on here are well crafted, all of them.
1525;8;Steven's lyrics are so much fun.
1525;9;Steven's lyrics are so much fun.
1525;10;I love what Joe Perry and Steven Tyler do when they get together, always have.
1526;1;Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys good music, not just country fans.
1526;2;I loved Same Trailer Different Park for its tunefulness, musicianship, wit and subversion and this has the same qualities in abundance...Kacey Musgraves has a very good voice which she uses to great effect again.
1526;3;I loved Same Trailer Different Park for its tunefulness, musicianship, wit and subversion and this has the same qualities in abundance...Kacey Musgraves has a very good voice which she uses to great effect again.
1526;4;I loved Same Trailer Different Park for its tunefulness, musicianship, wit and subversion and this has the same qualities in abundance...Kacey Musgraves has a very good voice which she uses to great effect again.
1526;5;Shes won two Grammys and three CMA Awards while defying labels, and on her fifth album she focuses on small town values and foibles, on family, community and individuality.
1526;6;One day my friend came home from his bakery job with an apple pie with a streusel crumb topping and the apples were all finely diced and well blended into the filling and every last bite was delightful.
1526;7;And she made me laugh out loud again, this time on Family Is Family which is about how family may drive you bonkers but you love them anyway, with this immortal couplet:.
1526;8;The band are excellent and the production is again pitch-perfect
1526;9;Unique, truthful and just fun.
1526;10;I loved Same Trailer Different Park for its tunefulness, musicianship, wit and subversion and this has the same qualities in abundance...Kacey Musgraves has a very good voice which she uses to great effect again.
1527;1;There's also a good live version of Crazy Love (w/Van Morrison) from the night Ray inducted Van (by Van's request) into The Songwriters Hall Of Fame...Genius Loves Company will pain some who don't want to be bothered with hearing a legend way past his prime sing his songs anymore, but I quite enjoy hearing this man giving it another shot, holding his own with some of the world's greatest singers.
1527;2;There's also a good live version of Crazy Love (w/Van Morrison) from the night Ray inducted Van (by Van's request) into The Songwriters Hall Of Fame...Genius Loves Company will pain some who don't want to be bothered with hearing a legend way past his prime sing his songs anymore, but I quite enjoy hearing this man giving it another shot, holding his own with some of the world's greatest singers.
1527;3;Ray's old and close friend Willie Nelson joins him on the heavily orchestrated It Was A Very Good Year.
1527;4;Just look at the artists listed, if they are to your liking, you will get nothing but their best performances here.
1527;5;Just look at the artists listed, if they are to your liking, you will get nothing but their best performances here.
1527;6;When I was a kid, I was privileged to grow up with great music always playing in the house.
1527;7;Just look at the artists listed, if they are to your liking, you will get nothing but their best performances here.
1527;8;He showed off many styles and is remembered for his classic originality and spirit...The album will make you cry, laugh and groove, really every emotion and that is what Ray does well..."Here We Go Again" features the amazing Norah Jones, another genius.
1527;9;I would dance and sing along and it was all great fun.
1527;10;If you love Ray, but are iffy on the partners involved, let me tell you, they were great with Mr. Charles, each and every one of them.
1520;1;I have learned over the years that God's word is simple and loving for us to understand and Hezekiah sings so we can have fun and worship at the same time and feel good about it
1520;2;I can always listen to the gospel and feel so good all day.
1520;3;I can always listen to the gospel and feel so good all day.
1520;4;I can always listen to the gospel and feel so good all day.
1520;5;I can always listen to the gospel and feel so good all day.
1520;6;I can always listen to the gospel and feel so good all day.
1520;7;This is one of those CD's you keep in the car and listen to over and over again.
1520;8;I can always listen to the gospel and feel so good all day.
1520;9;I have learned over the years that God's word is simple and loving for us to understand and Hezekiah sings so we can have fun and worship at the same time and feel good about it
1520;10;Love it an it is a awesome CD and.recommend it to others.
1521;1;Yet, the final product you hear is so appetizing and so refreshing to so many, one can't help but conclude that Mali Music is a rare breed to be enjoyed in measured doses...Whatever your conclusion, Mali's popularity has noticeably bulldozed beyond the walls of the church and into some new frontiers, where ministry is rarely heard.
1521;2;Somewhere a long the way, we got it wrong...we've got to make it right.
1521;3;Second the production is good to.
1521;4;Somewhere a long the way, we got it wrong...we've got to make it right.
1521;5;Somewhere a long the way, we got it wrong...we've got to make it right.
1521;6;Somewhere a long the way, we got it wrong...we've got to make it right.
1521;7;This album had me find somewhere to drive as i listened to it in its entirety...I look forward to what will come from this amazing talent!
1521;8;His music, his lyrics speak so loudly and profoundly to my psyche and spirit, I'm simply left speechless by the poetic prose, the musical mastery and the vocal veracity...You see Mali occupies an exclusive space in my heart for artists that speak, sing and write the language of artistry.
1521;9;Somewhere a long the way, we got it wrong...we've got to make it right.
1521;10;Absolutely love the songs
1522;1;Say You Will- Best song on album.Peacekeeper- the first single off the album and is a awesome song.Come- I enjoy the verses and the guitar solo, but this song could have done withou the rap-metal chorus.Smile At You- fun song.Running Through The Garden- this is the way pop should be.Silver Girl- reminds me of Gold Dust Woman off of Rumours.
1522;2;That's why I feel so comfortable voicing my thoughts, both positive and negative, on their latest release, SAY YOU WILL.
1522;3;I am completely stunned at how good this CD is and how much I like it!
1522;4;There is so much energy in this music.
1522;5;The usual strong guitar by Lindsey Buckingham is still much in evidence but clearly a new focus.
1522;6;First of all the limited edition enhanced cd is amazing, a hard booklet with pages and pages of rare photos, lyrics, fold outs, and a collectible 11x14 poster of a darkroom contact of the band at Lindsey's house recording.
1522;7;FLEETWOOD MAC continues to please, reinvent, to fulfill our belief that no matter what musical landscape they travel down, we are deeply INTRIGUED...We fans and music lovers keep coming back to hear these unique vocalists, their captivating harmonies, and exceptional musicianship for another round of rare inspiring soulful rock and pop time and time again.
1522;8;First of all the limited edition enhanced cd is amazing, a hard booklet with pages and pages of rare photos, lyrics, fold outs, and a collectible 11x14 poster of a darkroom contact of the band at Lindsey's house recording.
1522;9;It's fun just to hear Lindsey's guitar and the different sounds they layer.
1522;10;(PS The Limited Edition version is absolutely gorgeous, well worth a couple extra bucks!)
1523;1;Morningrise is a natural vivid world with no rules, all emotions are as intense as the days of adolescence where a relationship could mean everything even irrational and wild as it was.
1523;2;The drumming is not bad, but not as good as martin lopez...At first, this is album can be inaccessible, "Advent" is a good song, but it will take a while to grow on you.
1523;3;The drumming is not bad, but not as good as martin lopez...At first, this is album can be inaccessible, "Advent" is a good song, but it will take a while to grow on you.
1523;4;Though I find it disappointing that bass style didn't remain an Opeth feature, it gives Morningrise an additional unique quality.
1523;5;Before I bought this I read all the reviews about how great it was.
1523;6;Mikael's vocals are amazing
1523;7;Just the flow of the music makes you feel like you are taking a trip through some sort of bizzare world that Opeth has created and they are your guide.
1523;8;You can't deny the emotion, the power of the lyrics... and how perfect it sums up 'Morningrise'.
1523;9;Another fun thing to do is look at the bands that are thanked here.
1523;10;Trust me, keep at it and you'll fall in love with the bass as well...Perhaps this review will push the overall score to a well deserved 5 stars :)
1532;1;Purchase this c.d. and it is one you will long enjoy.
1532;2;The BEE GEES are a World Classic Group and this CD is outstanding.
1532;3;Delivered in good time in great shape.
1532;4;The BEE GEES are a World Classic Group and this CD is outstanding.
1532;5;The BEE GEES are a World Classic Group and this CD is outstanding.
1532;6;The CD is crisp, clean and clear.
1532;7;The BEE GEES are a World Classic Group and this CD is outstanding.
1532;8;The Vegas ambience and Track # 7...brilliance, beauty, emotion...enough said...you know the rest of the songs...
1532;9;Growing up in college you liked the beat to dance to, now it is all the music.
1532;10;Even if you didn't grow up with them  "U- gotta" love their music, harmony and artistic tallent as performers, song writers and musicians.
1533;1;The DVD on here is also pretty good.
1533;2;This is by no means a bad album and is actually a very good one with many great tracks like the title cut,Johnny Blade,A Hard Road,Breakout and the band's most emotional cut of the original lineup,Junior's Eyes...All in all,this is one of the most essential box sets ever assembled and is an infinite inprovement over the Sabbath releases offered separately anywhere else.
1533;3;This is by no means a bad album and is actually a very good one with many great tracks like the title cut,Johnny Blade,A Hard Road,Breakout and the band's most emotional cut of the original lineup,Junior's Eyes...All in all,this is one of the most essential box sets ever assembled and is an infinite inprovement over the Sabbath releases offered separately anywhere else.
1533;4;Tony's riffs are much louder and his solos much clearer and crisper and Geezer's Bass is like the perfect Swiss watch.
1533;5;The sound is superb, but I have yet to see any mention of the excellent production by early producer Roger Bain in any of the reviews I've read.
1533;6;The drive seems higher, grittier, yet so clean you can still hear every note and string, even in the most demanding power chords.
1533;7;The drive seems higher, grittier, yet so clean you can still hear every note and string, even in the most demanding power chords.
1533;8;The book is cool with all the lyrics to the songs.
1533;9;Tony's riffs are much louder and his solos much clearer and crisper and Geezer's Bass is like the perfect Swiss watch.
1533;10;My favorite album is Sabotage,love the songs on it.
1534;1;love it it is very good sound thank you very much
1534;2;Its a musical tapestry of the late 80's chill-jazz/funk of Sade,Basia and Lisa Stansfield.
1534;3;love it it is very good sound thank you very much
1534;4;Its a musical tapestry of the late 80's chill-jazz/funk of Sade,Basia and Lisa Stansfield.
1534;5;Also, nice ambient music at home during a dinner party or just chilling on the couch with your favorite drink and something to read.
1534;6;Also, nice ambient music at home during a dinner party or just chilling on the couch with your favorite drink and something to read.
1534;7;It's always in my car and I have another on our sound system in the house!
1534;8;Its a musical tapestry of the late 80's chill-jazz/funk of Sade,Basia and Lisa Stansfield.
1534;9;Also, nice ambient music at home during a dinner party or just chilling on the couch with your favorite drink and something to read.
1534;10;love it it is very good sound thank you very much
1535;1;The CD and the DVD I purchased are absolutely fantastic.
1535;2;There not only handsome they have real talent.
1535;3;These guys are sooooooo good.
1535;4;There not only handsome they have real talent.
1535;5;There not only handsome they have real talent.
1535;6;There not only handsome they have real talent.
1535;7;I have this CD in my car and play it every time I drive...and, yes, I sing along as well as I can, and I don't know Italian.
1535;8;Rich voices full of passion and a love for their art, emotion and an evidence of the enjoyment for the very words and music,a pride and devotion  to  their heritage all shines through and transaltes into a wonderful experience in a world that sees far too few young people embrace our best traditions.
1535;9;They are a talent that is rare, and make music so much fun to listen to.
1535;10;I love these kids, and buy their albums every time a new one comes out, and I know there will be many.
1528;1;This has rock, good comedy skits, and overall a blend of potty humor and sheer genious to make you laugh your socks off.
1528;2;Just about every track has vulgar language throughout, but I do not mind the language that bad, and I feel that it actually adds to the fun of the lyrics.
1528;3;This has rock, good comedy skits, and overall a blend of potty humor and sheer genious to make you laugh your socks off.
1528;4;I love Tenacious D. It's comedy-metal, with a throwback to Classic Rock.
1528;5;I love Tenacious D. It's comedy-metal, with a throwback to Classic Rock.
1528;6;I love Tenacious D. It's comedy-metal, with a throwback to Classic Rock.
1528;7;"Drive Thru" is a crack up!
1528;8;Just about every track has vulgar language throughout, but I do not mind the language that bad, and I feel that it actually adds to the fun of the lyrics.
1528;9;Just about every track has vulgar language throughout, but I do not mind the language that bad, and I feel that it actually adds to the fun of the lyrics.
1528;10;I love Tenacious D. It's comedy-metal, with a throwback to Classic Rock.
1529;1;Good Lord, I just love Mastodon.
1529;2;You won't find songs about how "bad" they are or goofy posturing, it's just a band, telling you a story in the best way they know how.
1529;3;"Sleeping Giant" is one of the slower tracks on here which features some nice harmonic leads.
1529;4;This means songs which sport buildups, peaks, gradual shifts, intense moments and resolutions.
1529;5;Ok, so I got into Mastodon a year ago when I heard about "Leviathan" while reading about Meshuggah somewhere.
1529;6;`Blood Mountain' continues this trend with more clean singing than ever before and a very polished production.
1529;7;MASTODON's previous albums are great, but this one is a HEAVY MUSIC perfect trip!!!!!
1529;8;The Atlanta band spins songs about a beautiful, icy land -- played in a sonic eruption of kinetic instruments and some brilliantly mythic lyrics.
1529;9;Also along the way the man must encounter and overcome a world full of mythical beasts, such as a Psychic Cyclops, a Colony of Birchmen who form a large tree like beast when being attacked, and all other types of fun stuff.
1529;10;Good Lord, I just love Mastodon.
1530;1;"Surrendering" drags the album down a little, but is good nonetheless.
1530;2;An outstanding album with beautiful artwork and stunning see-thru 180 gram blue vinyl plus lyrics insert.
1530;3;I have read many reviews of UNDER RUG SWEPT, and alot of things are good...many are bad.
1530;4;The first single, "Hands Clean," is VERY catchy and great to sing along with and dance, even in your car....The CD also has some more mysterious songs like "A Man," when Alanis sings from a man's point of view, and "Flinch."
1530;5;I have read many reviews of UNDER RUG SWEPT, and alot of things are good...many are bad.
1530;6;The first single, "Hands Clean," is VERY catchy and great to sing along with and dance, even in your car....The CD also has some more mysterious songs like "A Man," when Alanis sings from a man's point of view, and "Flinch."
1530;7;The first single, "Hands Clean," is VERY catchy and great to sing along with and dance, even in your car....The CD also has some more mysterious songs like "A Man," when Alanis sings from a man's point of view, and "Flinch."
1530;8;Her introspective lyrics always come out with the kind of raw emotion that all artists wish they could bring out.
1530;9;The first single, "Hands Clean," is VERY catchy and great to sing along with and dance, even in your car....The CD also has some more mysterious songs like "A Man," when Alanis sings from a man's point of view, and "Flinch."
1530;10;I own her first CD, "Jagged Little Pill" and I love it.
1531;1;I was told the CD is  good one, I heard one of the sides so I took a chance and ordered the entire CD and I was happy I did the whole CD is a good and the video is a plus.
1531;2;Whether she's singing about the curse of good looks, pleasing her man, losing a friend, or ego tripping (I woke up like dis), her voice matches the tone of setting very well.
1531;3;Whether she's singing about the curse of good looks, pleasing her man, losing a friend, or ego tripping (I woke up like dis), her voice matches the tone of setting very well.
1531;4;Whether she's singing about the curse of good looks, pleasing her man, losing a friend, or ego tripping (I woke up like dis), her voice matches the tone of setting very well.
1531;5;Whether she's singing about the curse of good looks, pleasing her man, losing a friend, or ego tripping (I woke up like dis), her voice matches the tone of setting very well.
1531;6;I would guess the iTunes version may be in HD, but I want to watch these on my home theater system...Beyonce is an album that is definitely worth your time.
1531;7;A grinder that begs to be played at full volume in the car...* Blow - A cheeky, bubbly disco confection on which Beyonce extols the virtues of (receiving) oral pleasure.
1531;8;I recently watched Drunk In Love, one of Beyonces latest videos on youtube, and noticed the intensity and emotion she put in both the song and video.
1531;9;I promise you I will learn the dance from the video too.
1531;10;I did not expect to love the video portion as much as I did, but it's truly a work of art.
1509;1;Its just a really feel good,  fun, party kind of a recording.
1509;2;:) This album has a bad rep among rock fans because of the number of remakes but this is still a fun rockin' album.
1509;3;No, this is a good piece of work.
1509;4;"The Full Bug" is the least distinct of the album's four originals, but it's still a cool blues workout that starts out soft (works great coming immediately after the equally soft "Big Bad Bill") then really kicks into a full-on jam.
1509;5;Eddie has 3 awesome instrumentals on this album too -- the euphoric, layered guitars of "Cathedral", the gritty, fuzzy, electric "Intruder", and the flamenco-Spanish number, "Little Guitars."
1509;6;Eddie has 3 awesome instrumentals on this album too -- the euphoric, layered guitars of "Cathedral", the gritty, fuzzy, electric "Intruder", and the flamenco-Spanish number, "Little Guitars."
1509;7;Eddie has 3 awesome instrumentals on this album too -- the euphoric, layered guitars of "Cathedral", the gritty, fuzzy, electric "Intruder", and the flamenco-Spanish number, "Little Guitars."
1509;8;The lyrics are cute and clever at once.
1509;9;Its just a really feel good,  fun, party kind of a recording.
1509;10;I love the entire tempo and layered guitar melody, not to mention the way that DLR sings on the track, followed by -- what else -- Eddie's blazing guitar solo yet again!!
1508;1;This is a fantastic offering from the late great George Harrison.
1508;2;He is helped out by ringo and eric clapton.
1508;3;Some of this  album sounds a bit calculated (Fish On the Sand, When We Was Fab), but  that's OK, because it still works as good music.
1508;4;He is helped out by ringo and eric clapton.
1508;5;"Devil's Radio" provides George with a witty opportunity to focus on the gossip orientated world we live in.
1508;6;He is helped out by ringo and eric clapton.
1508;7;He came back with a few friends as part of The Traveling Wilburys and Cloud Nine.
1508;8;"Wreck of the Hesperus" rocks out joyfully with Harrison's marvelous lead guitar punctuating his unusual lyrics.
1508;9;I think that he rediscovered just how much fun making music really is.
1508;10;I love George Harrison ... I like listening to anything he puts together.
1511;1;Probably because only Mixing and Mastering Engineers vote on that one and maybe everyone else votes on the other one...If you have a good setup and you enjoy well recorded work, and this is especially true if you have an SACD setup this is absolutely brilliant.
1511;2;Very happy with CD and great seller!
1511;3;The 2005 Japanese remaster for this late 1970's title is very good.
1511;4;Very happy with CD and great seller!
1511;5;Very happy with CD and great seller!
1511;6;I was so happy to listen to the songs the way I did when I first purchased it and couldn't wait to get home to play it.
1511;7;Very happy with CD and great seller!
1511;8;Study the lyrics and listen with your heart.
1511;9;Playing to his songs are challenging, but extremely fun.
1511;10;Loved it and still do on the CD format.
1510;1;Her banjo and fiddle playing are just a fantastic as her voice, and after the show she never ceases to have a smile for her fans.
1510;2;Her voice is sitll incredible, and she's picked great material.
1510;3;Borrowed this CD from my local library - it sounded good and stuck with me after I returned it.
1510;4;Her voice is sitll incredible, and she's picked great material.
1510;5;I highly recommend picking up the CD and reading the liner notes
1510;6;Her voice is sitll incredible, and she's picked great material.
1510;7;Her voice is sitll incredible, and she's picked great material.
1510;8;Finally, her originally song "Angel City" is exceptional for its beautiful music and haunting lyrics.
1510;9;Her voice is sitll incredible, and she's picked great material.
1510;10;Rhiannon's work with the Carolina Chocolate Drops was really impressive, loved those albums.
1505;1;That might have prejudiced my view in favor of it, as Steve is a fantastic engineer/producer, but my comments are based on those initial impressions, without that positive bias.
1505;2;A very popular and perhaps the most well-known of these songs is "Fire And Rain", about the unexpected death of a friend or a loved one
1505;3;A very popular and perhaps the most well-known of these songs is "Fire And Rain", about the unexpected death of a friend or a loved one
1505;4;It plays well with that James Taylor mellow.
1505;5;And I think I read somewhere that the song Sweet Baby James was about his nephew.
1505;6;Two of my favorite people in the world, Janice from Cuyahoga Falls and Pete from San Francisco, were really high on him, then again so were many of the people at Gott's Country, the communal house small bunches of us called home that year.
1505;7;A common trait to the songs here is his smooth, mellow voice, and his down-to-earth lyrics about feelings, thoughts, relationships, traveling through life and going to places.
1505;8;Armed with a batch of intimate and personal lyrics, the album became an instant classic in 1970...It's easy to hear why some 40 years on.
1505;9;It's James Taylor at his singing-songwriting best, playing songs that are touching, fun, sad, contemplative and of the highest quality.
1505;10;Janice, whose other main 'media love' was Jim Morrison, was my sometime girlfriend - we also served as each other's part-time muse on and off for the better part of a decade and a half.
1504;1;I enjoy the whole album and am happy to finally own it on vinyl.
1504;2;No bad songs, great consistency as well.
1504;3;No bad songs, great consistency as well.
1504;4;No bad songs, great consistency as well.
1504;5;No bad songs, great consistency as well.
1504;6;The chorus is very good, and the lyrics cook.
1504;7;Great album for a road trip.
1504;8;No bad songs, great consistency as well.
1504;9;They would never come back to this sound after Nimrod and if you ask me it was a slow, fun ride downhill because of overexposure with their 'operas' and tamer sound...Now don't get me wrong I don't really think of these guys as pure punk
1504;10;i love this band and this is one of my favorite green day records.Green Day!!!
1507;1;Feel it - This is one of those fun dance songs.
1507;2;God filled messages,new beats & you'll be smilin & prayin!
1507;3;According to Til the Day I Die, that's how it will be and if Tmac continues to dish out music like this, then that is a good thing.
1507;4;God filled messages,new beats & you'll be smilin & prayin!
1507;5;A great song to get you focused on whatever something you need to do that needs to get done.
1507;6;I hope I can get tickets in Houston, it's going to be a mad house of all ages...
1507;7;I love the lyrics, the meaning, the drive and the sound of this song.
1507;8;His music always ministers to me with the lyrics he has been gifted to sing for worship.
1507;9;Feel it - This is one of those fun dance songs.
1507;10;I will say love feels like with dcTalk is great!
1506;1;wow sounds fantastic this is a great album really enjoyed it
1506;2;Song success - four big hits came from this album - "Good Lovin' Gone Bad" (#30), "Feel Like Makin' Love" (#10), "Deal With The Preacher" (#18) and "Shooting Star" (did not chart).
1506;3;Song success - four big hits came from this album - "Good Lovin' Gone Bad" (#30), "Feel Like Makin' Love" (#10), "Deal With The Preacher" (#18) and "Shooting Star" (did not chart).
1506;4;The other inner flaps show master tape boxes and both CDs sport the Swan Song logos.
1506;5;The sound is great and you get the original cd too.
1506;6;The sound is great and you get the original cd too.
1506;7;The sound is great and you get the original cd too.
1506;8;Song success - four big hits came from this album - "Good Lovin' Gone Bad" (#30), "Feel Like Makin' Love" (#10), "Deal With The Preacher" (#18) and "Shooting Star" (did not chart).
1506;9;Anyway, this is a must for any rock fun.
1506;10;Kiss " love gun' , many sabbath , kinks rainbow titles.
1517;1;i received the cd in very good condition and it plays very well.
1517;2;i received the cd in very good condition and it plays very well.
1517;3;i received the cd in very good condition and it plays very well.
1517;4;i received the cd in very good condition and it plays very well.
1517;5;i received the cd in very good condition and it plays very well.
1517;6;i received the cd in very good condition and it plays very well.
1517;7;This is a great party cd and a great cd for cranking full blast with the windows open on a car drive!
1517;8;I love Nickelback, they know how to party and are truly legendary rockers, the music is terrific and the voice is awesome and great lyrics.
1517;9;I love Nickelback, they know how to party and are truly legendary rockers, the music is terrific and the voice is awesome and great lyrics.
1517;10;Love listening to the music.
1516;1;I'm Sticking With You is a good song about loyalty.
1516;2;It has a nice blue grass sound to it.
1516;3;There is peace, harmony, good music, and no bickering.
1516;4;"Vampire" is a cute track.
1516;5;"Juno" was an excellent movie, and I was amazed to learn, when I read the liner notes to this soundtrack CD, that the script had been written before any of the songs were selected, because they fit the movie so extremely well (not only in creating appropriate moods for scenes, but also having lyrics remarkably applicable to the movie's characters).
1516;6;"Vampire" is a cute track.
1516;7;It is kind of like being at a sing-a-long with a bunch of close friends...The JUNO SOUNDTRACK is great for my family during long car trips.
1516;8;"Juno" was an excellent movie, and I was amazed to learn, when I read the liner notes to this soundtrack CD, that the script had been written before any of the songs were selected, because they fit the movie so extremely well (not only in creating appropriate moods for scenes, but also having lyrics remarkably applicable to the movie's characters).
1516;9;It is an excellent song about friendship and love.
1516;10;I love the guitar strumming here.
1519;1;These guys are so good.
1519;2;These guys are so good.
1519;3;These guys are so good.
1519;4;These guys are so good.
1519;5;These guys are so good.
1519;6;My favorite is the title track---Take Me Home.
1519;7;I keep this one in the car, it keeps me alert for late night trips.
1519;8;These guys are so good.
1519;9;These guys are so good.
1519;10;I really love this group's music.
1518;1;I love it because it contains memories from a great concert in a fantastic year from my favorite band.
1518;2;Sad to consider yes, but making this CD and my memories even more the better...I will say as others have as well, please whomever can, do the DVD up right, with the full sets and plenty of bonus features.
1518;3;Sit back, relax if you can but there's so much good music here you'll be up & dancing in no time.
1518;4;I love it because it contains memories from a great concert in a fantastic year from my favorite band.
1518;5;I love it because it contains memories from a great concert in a fantastic year from my favorite band.
1518;6;The sound quality is perfect and the vocals are brought forward, making the harmonies clean and crisp.
1518;7;Wonderful trip down memory lane.
1518;8;Sad to consider yes, but making this CD and my memories even more the better...I will say as others have as well, please whomever can, do the DVD up right, with the full sets and plenty of bonus features.
1518;9;I was hoping this would come out and here it is, very fun to listen to, so MANY of the great songs we love.
1518;10;I love it because it contains memories from a great concert in a fantastic year from my favorite band.
1513;1;Her voice makes me happy.
1513;2;This album is a pure Platinum classic CD, nuff said!
1513;3;The lyrics are very good, and the group seems very confident and relaxed when it comes to the delivery.
1513;4;This album is a pure Platinum classic CD, nuff said!
1513;5;This album is a pure Platinum classic CD, nuff said!
1513;6;This album is a pure Platinum classic CD, nuff said!
1513;7;This album is a pure Platinum classic CD, nuff said!
1513;8;"Fu-Gee-La" is another favorite of mine because of its Caribbean lyrics and beat, and amazing chrorus by Lauryn.
1513;9;They all performed together onstage at a Dave Chappele party last week.
1513;10;This album is a masterpiece, and if you truly love hip hop, you must give it a listen, bar none.
1512;1;"Let's Get Crazy" and "Slick Black Cadillac" have lyrics that are little juevenile, but the music is still good.
1512;2;after this hitting the top spot,every label wanted their own band like this.
1512;3;"Let's Get Crazy" and "Slick Black Cadillac" have lyrics that are little juevenile, but the music is still good.
1512;4;after this hitting the top spot,every label wanted their own band like this.
1512;5;after this hitting the top spot,every label wanted their own band like this.
1512;6;Now, as a 24 year old adult, it bring a smile to  my face...saw 'em live this last summer...rocked the house!
1512;7;loved this back in the day of the cassette tape played in my car till it wore out.
1512;8;"Let's Get Crazy" and "Slick Black Cadillac" have lyrics that are little juevenile, but the music is still good.
1512;9;It simple, fun, great party music, and hair metal at its finest.
1512;10;I purchased this album in 1983, mostly because I loved the lead singer's voice.
1515;1;This is truly good nostalgia.
1515;2;Dion was a true rocker, and there always always a bit of the bad boy to him.
1515;3;Dion was a true rocker, and there always always a bit of the bad boy to him.
1515;4;While there have been numerous Dion/Dion w/Belmonts CD's that have come and gone, this effort out of the German Repertoire label is a superb accomplishment.
1515;5;While there have been numerous Dion/Dion w/Belmonts CD's that have come and gone, this effort out of the German Repertoire label is a superb accomplishment.
1515;6;brings back doo-wop home again
1515;7;Raw driving beat, tough singing stance, brisk sax riffs.
1515;8;Dion was a true rocker, and there always always a bit of the bad boy to him.
1515;9;I remember dancing to this music at sock hops, dances, and parties.
1515;10;In the Belmonts era "A Teenager In Love" was the true heart and soul of Dion, whose style was very emotive.
1514;1;He redefines the boundaries and has fun doing it....If you are the least interested in the art of jazz, its a good album to own, play it often....You can not listen to Watermelon Man and be the same about structure and context in music again...Kudos to Amazon for bringing great albums ,via downloads to average budgets.
1514;2;The production has such a clean and modern sound, especially considering the fact that when Head Hunters was recorded, technology was pretty primative.
1514;3;Very long song, but very good: lots of tasty solos and a solid bass groove, like everything funky should have.
1514;4;The production has such a clean and modern sound, especially considering the fact that when Head Hunters was recorded, technology was pretty primative.
1514;5;This CD is a phenomenon in the jazz world and the hip-hop world...Use this album as a study guide of history of the black culture and black music of today...I'm 2 me, is a Jazz and Ol' School junky more than I do w/ hip-hop.
1514;6;The production has such a clean and modern sound, especially considering the fact that when Head Hunters was recorded, technology was pretty primative.
1514;7;The track is driven by one of the most infectious basslines in r&b history and never lets up as they include some of the trippy sound bites and solos that can be found on Sextant.
1514;8;The production has such a clean and modern sound, especially considering the fact that when Head Hunters was recorded, technology was pretty primative.
1514;9;Fun to listen and dance to!
1514;10;I have always loved this album.
1426;1;Bonus tracks are good too.
1426;2;This is my favorite ELO album, there is not a bad song in the bunch and "Nightrider" is one of their most under-rated songs.
1426;3;Bonus tracks are good too.
1426;4;Bonus tracks are good too.
1426;5;Bonus tracks are good too.
1426;6;This album from start to finish is such a wonderful listen, pretty solid, and the re-mastered sound is clean and crisp.
1426;7;This CD is great in my family room stereo, blasting out of my car stereo, or rocking on my MP3 player.
1426;8;The latter is also one of the group's strongest songs in their entire repertoire, perfectly capturing a certain melancholy longing that makes it an ideal companion to "Can't Get It Out Of My Head" from the previous year's "Eldorado"..."Poker" is a high-octane tune with some clever lyrics, and "Waterfall" and "Night Rider" also have their merits.
1426;9;Just a fun track, that most bands today can't come up with..."One Summer Dream"- "Deep water's fall, out to the sea".
1426;10;I love the band's Beatle-esque flair for melody, their fine musicianship & production, and the excellent singing, songwriting, and guitar work of leader Jeff Lynne.
1427;1;Recorded in 1959, it is soul stirring, great hard bebop with some fantastic sax playing by the great Booker Ervin.
1427;2;Ah Um is a wonderful look into the music of a great mind and is by turns angry, sad, tender, sarcastic, joyful and damn good.
1427;3;This is a great album all around, great compositions, great playing and a good mix.
1427;4;An essential part of jazz history.
1427;5;Included in the liner notes are two essays-- the original album notes and a new one, both of which are interesting reads..."Mingus Ah Um" is one of the classics of Charles Mingus' catalog, and is on the short list of essential jazz listening.
1427;6;Hence the remastering gets to the original tapes, a generation  back from what we had heard before, and we get a clean warm beautiful sound  on this issue that makes you feel as if you're right in the studio.
1427;7;An essential part of jazz history.
1427;8;his music shines bright with a broad range of feeling and emotion.
1427;9;And that has been a fun discovery!
1427;10;I am a percussionist at heart, so I love the energy of the faster tempos, the tight harmonics, the horns, and the fact that bebop is acoustic, which gives it lots of purity in my mind, as it requires the musicians to really hone their craft, and last but not least, that it typically swings...Now that I have said that, I will say this:  Ah Um is at its minimum, a truly outstanding jazz recording in the bebop genre.
1424;1;Definitely NOT for only the lonely, this CD can be enjoyed even if you are in a good relationship.
1424;2;There must have been about 25 takes of various lengths on that because there were so many orchestral figures involved and he would change the tempo slightly as he got into the tune more..." Whenever Frank sings a song, no matter how good or how bad it is, he believes in it totally...what sets him apart I think is the way he works on the words.
1424;3;There must have been about 25 takes of various lengths on that because there were so many orchestral figures involved and he would change the tempo slightly as he got into the tune more..." Whenever Frank sings a song, no matter how good or how bad it is, he believes in it totally...what sets him apart I think is the way he works on the words.
1424;4;Sinatra is in perfect form here, from first note to last, breathing memories, nostalgia, regret, passion, loss & yearning into every song.
1424;5;I find it so easy to read to his singing.
1424;6;Sinatra is in perfect form here, from first note to last, breathing memories, nostalgia, regret, passion, loss & yearning into every song.
1424;7;It is great cruising music on a long drive.
1424;8;There was more life experience and emotion in his music in his later years.
1424;9;I have a special fondness for this piece since its first verse was used as the spoken introduction to a TV dance show back in the 70s.
1424;10;Arranged by string-master Gordon Jenkins, the album is an appealing and hypnotic synthesis of their romantic notions, a sort of time capsule of bitter-sweet emotions.
1425;1;I enjoy this entire album the whole way through actually but the songs I mentioned are my favorites.
1425;2;Just as promised...I love strawberry jam.
1425;3;some like it even more than the obvious ones...peace,.
1425;4;Just as promised...I love strawberry jam.
1425;5;the thing is that even when not fully focused Prince is the best.
1425;6;Just as promised...I love strawberry jam.
1425;7;Prince's new band, the New Power Generation, performs with flawless precision throughout, although some may say they lack the passion that drove his previous ensembles.
1425;8;"Cream" finds another great balance between a bluesy funk/rock arrangement and it's playfully seductive lyric.
1425;9;"Thunder" and "Daddy Pop" energize you with tha funk, casting you into a joyous jubilee, and the party doesn't let up as we indulge in the sweaty dance hit "Gett Off".
1425;10;Just as promised...I love strawberry jam.
1430;1;What a great live album winter tears it up live every song is great i love the melody great balls of fire and long tall sally he tears it up and of course he blazes johnny b good if you love the blues and great guitar playing i suggest you to pick this up
1430;2;That's very affordable, and you get a lot more than the worth of the money.
1430;3;What a great live album winter tears it up live every song is great i love the melody great balls of fire and long tall sally he tears it up and of course he blazes johnny b good if you love the blues and great guitar playing i suggest you to pick this up
1430;4;A fantastic and rockin' version of Chuck Berry's Johnny B. Goode wraps things up, and Winter makes the song his own with a rousing electric guitar workout and an enthusiastic vocal performance...Many of the rock music concerts in the late 1960s and especially the early 1970s were very loud and very physical events.
1430;5;That's very affordable, and you get a lot more than the worth of the money.
1430;6;Bought this LP in the Fall of 1971 while in high school and took the thing home and practically fell out of my chair from the first few bars...this is the finest live album I may have ever heard period!
1430;7;This is pure, driving, 70's rock in it's most raw form.
1430;8;His licks on this one are precise and full of emotion.
1430;9;That's very affordable, and you get a lot more than the worth of the money.
1430;10;What a great live album winter tears it up live every song is great i love the melody great balls of fire and long tall sally he tears it up and of course he blazes johnny b good if you love the blues and great guitar playing i suggest you to pick this up
1431;1;Any fan of good music will enjoy this, even if it may be an acquired taste!
1431;2;Amos is an amazing artist and performer who has never dissapointed me.
1431;3;"Cruel", "precious Things" and "Waitress" are real treats, anyway it must have been difficult to make a selection, Tori has got a good deal of fabulous songs, so you may be a little frustrated, but this is a good example and definitely a good cd.
1431;4;Amos is an amazing artist and performer who has never dissapointed me.
1431;5;It reads basically like a greatest hits album, spanning from "Precious Things" to "Cruel".
1431;6;And the last song 1000 Oceans is her best song since Silent all these years, great love song:"I can't believe that i would keep, keep you from flying, so i will cry a 1000 more if that's what it takes to sail you home."
1431;7;I travel quite a bit and this one stays in my travel portfolio.
1431;8;Some of the lyrics still have not made sense to me, but listening to Tori's brilliant voice is more than enough.
1431;9;The  second CD finally captures the aural side of the live Tori experience,  mixing fan favorites like Precious Things, Cornflake Girl with B-side  favorites like Sugar, fun songs like Mr. Zebra, and even the unexpected  epic that Waitress was turned into.
1431;10;This is a must for Tori fans, or anyone who loves music with true feeling and emotion.
1428;1;Although Santana's musical wanderings between different genres and styles, definitely a characteristic of this CD, would lead him to subsequently produce some rather mediocre as well as fantastic albums, "Caravanserai" remains one of his best efforts.
1428;2;It is the perfect jazz/rock fusion album.
1428;3;The music, musicianship  and production are all first class and as good as I remember.
1428;4;It is the perfect jazz/rock fusion album.
1428;5;It is the perfect jazz/rock fusion album.
1428;6;The instrumentation is nice and clean and feels perfect in presentation for my ears.
1428;7;Hardly anything I've ever heard matches the fabulous music, the fluid, driving pleasure that the Santana group dishes out here.
1428;8;It is the perfect jazz/rock fusion album.
1428;9;It is the perfect jazz/rock fusion album.
1428;10;The combination of Santana's otherworldly inspiration and the percolating back-up musicians who really stretch out & paint this recorded canvas with a rainbow of colors peaked with Caravanserai, and the next couple of recordings, especially the obvious companion to this recording, "Welcome".
1429;1;It will appeal more to those who enjoy the more intriguing  rock melodies and sounds of for example, The Doors, Deep Purple, Uriah  Heep, Led Zeppelin, The Beatles, or even the Moody Blues.
1429;2;It's definitely a Blue Oyster take on the classic and thumps along with forbidden delight.
1429;3;Its got all the good stuff plus a studio version of Born to be wild  that I'd never heard before and screams early '70's.
1429;4;So while you won't find any radio familiar hits on the CD, you will love it if you really like BOC.Actually if you know anything about BOC then you  already know this album but to have it on CD is the best.
1429;5;When I read the lyrics it really helps me to understand the songs that much better.
1429;6;Solid rock..."Mommy"- "My wife's a hippo, she's as big as a house!"
1429;7;another great BOC song, in their long line of classic's...Bonus Tracks:  Some of the best extra tracks ever on any extended version CD..."Boorman The Chauffer"- "But the limo man kept driving".
1429;8;Eric being bad again, funny lyrics here, kind of a punky rocker, ahead of the punk movement by 2 years!
1429;9;The bonus tracks are fun, too.
1429;10;So while you won't find any radio familiar hits on the CD, you will love it if you really like BOC.Actually if you know anything about BOC then you  already know this album but to have it on CD is the best.
1434;1;A good means of enjoying the natural voice performance by a small group of individuals.
1434;2;I watched this guys win the sing-off and I thought they were definitely the best group in the history of the show.
1434;3;PTX 2 is just as good
1434;4;I watched this guys win the sing-off and I thought they were definitely the best group in the history of the show.
1434;5;I watched this guys win the sing-off and I thought they were definitely the best group in the history of the show.
1434;6;I watched this guys win the sing-off and I thought they were definitely the best group in the history of the show.
1434;7;A great sound that works well sing in the living room or in the car.
1434;8;I watched this guys win the sing-off and I thought they were definitely the best group in the history of the show.
1434;9;The harmonies and sense of fun this group puts in to their music is addictive.
1434;10;Love the group
1435;1;If you are a Nightwish fan at all, and enjoy a damn good singer with the soaringest vocals around, look no further.
1435;2;One most important thing she delivers all songs with so strong emotions, and passion.
1435;3;Most anything good you hear about My Winter Storm will have merit behind it, it's just that good.
1435;4;One most important thing she delivers all songs with so strong emotions, and passion.
1435;5;None of the reviews that I read seem to touch on the topic that this is a great album if you like opera/film/ or a big symphonic metal fan.
1435;6;One most important thing she delivers all songs with so strong emotions, and passion.
1435;7;One most important thing she delivers all songs with so strong emotions, and passion.
1435;8;One most important thing she delivers all songs with so strong emotions, and passion.
1435;9;I Walk Alone and Poison have a fun, yet haunting, whimsical pop to them.
1435;10;The first three songs alone put Nightwish's newest offering to shame on all fronts...What I love about My Winter Storm is the fact that it has these gorgeous, sweeping interludes that play perfectly into each and every song.
1432;1;i originally bought this for myself but my son enjoyed so much he borrowed it  so i bought it again  this cd is that good  it's worth a second purchase not as rowdy as the rovers but with a good blend of irish ballards  and drinking songs
1432;2;The songs are great and would relate to any age being young or old.
1432;3;i originally bought this for myself but my son enjoyed so much he borrowed it  so i bought it again  this cd is that good  it's worth a second purchase not as rowdy as the rovers but with a good blend of irish ballards  and drinking songs
1432;4;The songs are great and would relate to any age being young or old.
1432;5;The songs are great and would relate to any age being young or old.
1432;6;This is music that is clean, has a good beat, great harmony, and a great beat to dance to.
1432;7;My son and I listen to this over and over in the car clapping and singing along
1432;8;The songs are great and would relate to any age being young or old.
1432;9;While all the songs are wonderful and inspire a different mood in me, I admit it's the songs with a lot of fiddle and energy that speak to my inner fairy and makes her dance and smile.
1432;10;I have listened to it several time already and I love it.
1433;1;This is music, forty years old and still sounds good.
1433;2;Another great, satisfying purchase and another CD that gets played a lot.
1433;3;This is music, forty years old and still sounds good.
1433;4;Another great, satisfying purchase and another CD that gets played a lot.
1433;5;Another great, satisfying purchase and another CD that gets played a lot.
1433;6;the dells were one of he best, great album, if you want to here good soulful, down home, cool music
1433;7;Another great, satisfying purchase and another CD that gets played a lot.
1433;8;Another great, satisfying purchase and another CD that gets played a lot.
1433;9;Take five guys with harmonies like these and make records that give you a little dance, but go all the way with the romantic...even the break-up songs...and you have a group that deserve to be everlasting!
1433;10;Great group love all of their songs
1438;1;Each band member distributes a fair share of talent and has their time to shine, and the song writing is really good, but what really distinguishes this album is the variety in the songs.
1438;2;I've had this one for a little over a year now, and I'm still loving it.
1438;3;Each band member distributes a fair share of talent and has their time to shine, and the song writing is really good, but what really distinguishes this album is the variety in the songs.
1438;4;I've had this one for a little over a year now, and I'm still loving it.
1438;5;I've had this one for a little over a year now, and I'm still loving it.
1438;6;I've had this one for a little over a year now, and I'm still loving it.
1438;7;I've had this one for a little over a year now, and I'm still loving it.
1438;8;Stone Sour is an amazing band, with emotional lyrics, cool guitar riffs, hard and soft sides to show.
1438;9;I've had this one for a little over a year now, and I'm still loving it.
1438;10;I've had this one for a little over a year now, and I'm still loving it.
1439;1;With that sheer vocal power, true tone and amazing range, she could have easily settled for a career singing  AOR, R&B or broadway tunes, but she obviously knew where the big bucks  were at that time, which is good for us.
1439;2;Amongst the former, my favourites include the much re-released and remixed I Feel Love - the hypnotic pioneering synth-pop masterpiece, plus the breathtaking MacArthur Park, the rock-influenced Hot Stuff and Bad Girls plus Sunset People and Our Love from the Bad Girls album.
1439;3;With that sheer vocal power, true tone and amazing range, she could have easily settled for a career singing  AOR, R&B or broadway tunes, but she obviously knew where the big bucks  were at that time, which is good for us.
1439;4;The  remixed edits are done very well.
1439;5;The  remixed edits are done very well.
1439;6;But if you want to boogie non stop to Donna's 70s disco hits, this is great for any party or just to jam in your car or home.
1439;7;Generally speaking, after a while  too much disco music can be too much and headache driven for me, so what I  like about this collection is it gives me just enough to enjoy it and want  more of it, and I don't mind listing to it when it's presented as well as  it is here.
1439;8;Amongst the former, my favourites include the much re-released and remixed I Feel Love - the hypnotic pioneering synth-pop masterpiece, plus the breathtaking MacArthur Park, the rock-influenced Hot Stuff and Bad Girls plus Sunset People and Our Love from the Bad Girls album.
1439;9;This is an awesome song, and I pretty much tear up the dance floor when this song is played at parties...LOVE TO LOVE YOU BABY.
1439;10;If you liked the originals, you'll just love these edits that keep  it very fun and make the set move.
1436;1;if you like judy this is a must have good recording
1436;2;Judy Collins is one of the great vocalists of all time.
1436;3;if you like judy this is a must have good recording
1436;4;Judy Collins is one of the great vocalists of all time.
1436;5;And this CD is comprised of some of the most beautiful of her songs - from "Send in the Clowns" to "Amazing Grace," sung a capella with a choir...I'll look forward to reading reviews from other age groups to see if her popularity spans generations.
1436;6;Judy Collins is one of the great vocalists of all time.
1436;7;My sister gave her cd to us as a "traveling" present to enjoy music on the road trip we were taking.
1436;8;Really, this is such sublime warm and healing music, they should prescribe it on the NHS: wonderful melodies combined with thoughtful and haunting lyrics.
1436;9;Judy Collins is one of the great vocalists of all time.
1436;10;I love the old songs and listen to it a lot.
1437;1;I'm so happy to have such a fantastic record!
1437;2;This is another great work by Mr. Cohen, sad, depressing, uplifiting, haunting, and moving.
1437;3;Really good music on this CD
1437;4;This is a great CD to add to your collection.
1437;5;There voices blend well together I also have her album were she is by herself listen to when I'm reading!!!
1437;6;This is a great CD to add to your collection.
1437;7;I actually had a friend driving with me that said for once she liked the music I was playing.
1437;8;It's simple and straightforward, and it really enhances the sad, Scotch drenched lyrics.
1437;9;This is a great CD to add to your collection.
1437;10;I have loved Leonard Cohen's music since Songs From a Room, etc., in the late Sixties and while I appreciated his mid-period albums, his last couple have been a mixed bag.
1411;1;The music really does a good job of stirring up emotions, and I think even if you aren't a hardcore metal fan, you'll enjoy this album.
1411;2;From beginning to end it's a great album.
1411;3;The whole album weaves a tale of sorts, and the concept of a love found and lost is woven together powerfully with the music arrangement, serving together as a powerful image album as well as good individual tracks.
1411;4;The bonus tracks are also nice, especially The Swan Song, which sports a great application of arrangement of the orchestra to accompany the vocals...I didn't speak much of the imagery, or exactly how the orchestra draws out the vocals so well, because it takes an understanding of the nuances of each instrument, and depicting all of that is long and unnecessarily drawn out.
1411;5;From beginning to end it's a great album.
1411;6;From beginning to end it's a great album.
1411;7;While the first album was a hit, it was fantastic, this one is better..."Jillian", "Memory", "Stand My Ground", "Forsaken", "Angels", "It's the Fear", "See Who I Am"...Those songs drove Within Temptation to stardom, and they are powerful and beautiful songs...I highly recommend this album.
1411;8;The vocals and lyrics provide an interesting mix to the song as well.
1411;9;This song is absolutely amazing, and when it gets to the chorus, you just want to jump around and dance!
1411;10;The whole album weaves a tale of sorts, and the concept of a love found and lost is woven together powerfully with the music arrangement, serving together as a powerful image album as well as good individual tracks.
1410;1;The music really does a good job of stirring up emotions, and I think even if you aren't a hardcore metal fan, you'll enjoy this album.
1410;2;The strength of tracks like "Jillian" and "Memories" - by far two of Within Temptation's most beautiful and deep songs - make up for this tremendously, offering emotions not capable of being reached on Mother Earth...But, the main question I keep hearing, is WT still a metal band?
1410;3;The whole album weaves a tale of sorts, and the concept of a love found and lost is woven together powerfully with the music arrangement, serving together as a powerful image album as well as good individual tracks.
1410;4;The bonus tracks are also nice, especially The Swan Song, which sports a great application of arrangement of the orchestra to accompany the vocals...I didn't speak much of the imagery, or exactly how the orchestra draws out the vocals so well, because it takes an understanding of the nuances of each instrument, and depicting all of that is long and unnecessarily drawn out.
1410;5;The strength of tracks like "Jillian" and "Memories" - by far two of Within Temptation's most beautiful and deep songs - make up for this tremendously, offering emotions not capable of being reached on Mother Earth...But, the main question I keep hearing, is WT still a metal band?
1410;6;The strength of tracks like "Jillian" and "Memories" - by far two of Within Temptation's most beautiful and deep songs - make up for this tremendously, offering emotions not capable of being reached on Mother Earth...But, the main question I keep hearing, is WT still a metal band?
1410;7;While the first album was a hit, it was fantastic, this one is better..."Jillian", "Memory", "Stand My Ground", "Forsaken", "Angels", "It's the Fear", "See Who I Am"...Those songs drove Within Temptation to stardom, and they are powerful and beautiful songs...I highly recommend this album.
1410;8;The strength of tracks like "Jillian" and "Memories" - by far two of Within Temptation's most beautiful and deep songs - make up for this tremendously, offering emotions not capable of being reached on Mother Earth...But, the main question I keep hearing, is WT still a metal band?
1410;9;This song is absolutely amazing, and when it gets to the chorus, you just want to jump around and dance!
1410;10;I love the new direction!!!
1409;1;The rest of us agnostics can enjoy the fantastic guitar work.
1409;2;It was smart to include "Deep Blue" because it was one of George's finer songs, but like some people have said, forgetting about including "Bangla-Desh" was a bit of a blunder.
1409;3;As its essence, the song is merely saying that everything we do, good or bad, comes back to us, and that the Divine loves and helps those who help themselves and do good things.
1409;4;"Try Some, By Some" is a return to the Phil Spector sound world of All Things Must Pass.
1409;5;What I got surpassed my dreams-it is a GREAT album, very focused, and powerful.
1409;6;If they'd have included, say, THREE songs from the concert, in 5.1, it would have made it worth it...As to the album itself, it's a good album, and having good clean versions of Miss O'Dell and Deep Blue are worth buying it for...I'm probably just being picky.
1409;7;The title song is a piano driven blues/country/rock march while "The Lord Love's The One (Who Loves The Lord)" has a Memphis style electric piano fueled country soul vibe.
1409;8;George caught a lot of flack for this tune's lyrics, and they can come across as pretty self-righteous.
1409;9;Musically, the songs are sublime, and some even inspire you to get up and dance.
1409;10;If you're into Fairport Convention folk, you'll love this.
1408;1;I love Darius Rucker singing songs of Country and  make it all sound so GOOD.
1408;2;I love Darius Rucker singing songs of Country and  make it all sound so GOOD.
1408;3;I love Darius Rucker singing songs of Country and  make it all sound so GOOD.
1408;4;I love Darius Rucker singing songs of Country and  make it all sound so GOOD.
1408;5;I love Darius Rucker singing songs of Country and  make it all sound so GOOD.
1408;6;I love Darius Rucker singing songs of Country and  make it all sound so GOOD.
1408;7;I love Darius Rucker singing songs of Country and  make it all sound so GOOD.
1408;8;I love Darius Rucker singing songs of Country and  make it all sound so GOOD.
1408;9;The first song is why I bought it, it's very fun, well written.
1408;10;I love Darius Rucker singing songs of Country and  make it all sound so GOOD.
1415;1;This CD got pretty regular play and I always enjoyed the music, but for no reason I can put my finger on, it never became one of my favorite albums...Then came GOOD APOLLO....I saw it for sale and decided it was worth a listen.
1415;2;'Good Apollo' is creative and innovative rock of superb quality...RECOMMENDATION: If you are a fan of progressive rock and want to hear more new bands that are doing great progressive music then Pain of Salvation is a must!
1415;3;Always And Never- 7/10 this one is a bit soft but is good to relax...3.
1415;4;Always And Never has such a warm rich acoustic guitar tone which reminds me of Mark Kozelek.
1415;5;This album, while still technically about this story, is actually focused on the story's author (in this case, a fictional man named Apollo).
1415;6;Anyone who has heard "Welcome Home" knows that this band is striving for something amazing and epic with this album.
1415;7;This CD, for me, brings back so many amazing memories of being 18 and driving in my car, listening to the album over and over, consumed in their lyrics.
1415;8;The lyrics from The Final Cut display what is good about this album when Claudio sings "Here wait, so I guess that you knew.
1415;9;My favorite of the four climactic songs is II-"From Fear through the eyes of madness," the end of this song is just amazingly intense and terrific, but the other three Willing Well tracks, especially "The Final Cut" are almost as impressive...Basically, if you're a Coheed fan you already own this album and you know how much fun it is.
1415;10;This album takes everything you loved about second stage turbine blade and In Keeping the Secrets and explodes them ten fold.
1414;1;This is not just good songwriting, but complex poetry and emotions put forward simply through haunting melodies.
1414;2;Have posted a simple photo of the liner and CD here...<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Old-Ideas/dp/B00702MUYA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Old Ideas</a>&nbsp
1414;3;Have posted a simple photo of the liner and CD here...<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Old-Ideas/dp/B00702MUYA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Old Ideas</a>&nbsp
1414;4;Another great album by the Master of Words!
1414;5;For those who know Cohen, this album will be both familiar and new and a treasure to put in their collections...For those who don't know Cohen and his contribution and evolution through the years, well, read the one star reviews for yourself.
1414;6;The album kicks off in splendid style with "Going home" where Cohen has a conversation with his artistic self and announces "I love to speak with Leonard/He's a sportsman and a shepherd/He's a lazy b..
1414;7;She loved the entire CD and has had it in her car CD player constantly for the last 10 days.
1414;8;Bless L. Cohen: his lyrics are the best poetry ever written
1414;9;We don't have many contemporaries writing the deeper currents of what it's like to be staring into the depths from this vantage point in time...It takes a lyrical voice, not a prosaic voice, for us to make out these kinds of truths, and Leonard has it...He likes to play with words, and it's meant to be fun
1414;10;I love the deep quality of Cohen's voice that mixes speaking and singing in ways that are almost indistinguishable as he slides back and forth from one to the other...The band and backup vocals will be familiar to those who know "Live In London," although the sound is quite different and lighter than before.
1413;1;"Trespassing" (Deluxe Edition) is a worthwhile purchase for those who enjoyed any of Adam Lambert's previous musical efforts and/or music lovers who are open to blended music genres in one song (such as electronica and pop, dance and pop, chillout and pop etc.).
1413;2;And crying with sympathetic pain on Underneath and Outlaws of Love?
1413;3;I don't know any way to describe it...but I heard what I heard....excellent range and so forth....it's so hard to find good talent these days....All the major icons, Whitney and Michael Jackson.....gone...Madonna and U2 seem to be the only remaining juggernauts that have lasted the decade test....I am ready to see someone that will last....only time will tell....Excellent album...pretty much the whole thing....pretty amazing....
1413;4;And crying with sympathetic pain on Underneath and Outlaws of Love?
1413;5;Underneath is just damn good poetry which also made my eyes water the first time I read the lyrics, before I even heard the song!
1413;6;there's a reason for this: adam's voice is so amazing that he sounds right at home with queen's songs...there are current dance songs here that will be hits, no doubt.
1413;7;Trespassing is, in turns, a raucous dance party, infectious ear worm, funky groove, and heart wrenching collection of tunes all moving forward compellingly with the drive of Lambert's stellar, jaw-dropping vocals...What's better than listening to Lambert singing the lead?
1413;8;It has this lush feel to it and is so full of emotion.
1413;9;Trespassing is, in turns, a raucous dance party, infectious ear worm, funky groove, and heart wrenching collection of tunes all moving forward compellingly with the drive of Lambert's stellar, jaw-dropping vocals...What's better than listening to Lambert singing the lead?
1413;10;Perfect funktastic glitter drenched urban love fantasy, mixture of thumping fat club bass and fantastic ballads, all song with Adam"s searing vocal missile of a voice.
1412;1;Good music from an awesome band
1412;2;Jerry loves to play his oldies records.
1412;3;Good music from an awesome band
1412;4;Jerry loves to play his oldies records.
1412;5;Jerry loves to play his oldies records.
1412;6;Jerry loves to play his oldies records.
1412;7;Jerry loves to play his oldies records.
1412;8;Jerry loves to play his oldies records.
1412;9;Jerry loves to play his oldies records.
1412;10;Jerry loves to play his oldies records.
1419;1;Good to see it on CD with some extras.
1419;2;Still, it isn't bad, just not great.
1419;3;Good to see it on CD with some extras.
1419;4;Thank you, kidling, I have bought every album and more, I appreciate your trust in me.
1419;5;Thank you, kidling, I have bought every album and more, I appreciate your trust in me.
1419;6;The song "The Traveller"  is also a great song to use when you are shopping for a new car or home  stereo to see what kind of response and range you can get from a music  system.
1419;7;I love this CD and it is on my itunes for the car.
1419;8;Super lyrics and very nice vocals make this one of my favorites.
1419;9;Thank you, kidling, I have bought every album and more, I appreciate your trust in me.
1419;10;I love this CD and it is on my itunes for the car.
1418;1;She has made a CD that is pure love and music...Roseanne has not had the life of luxury and fun that one might imagine from a child of a celebrity.
1418;2;"Silver Wings" is a sad and a very touching song that features Rufus Wainwright.
1418;3;Very good selection, performed well.
1418;4;'Take These Chains From My Heart', is longlingly lovely.
1418;5;This is an album that defines subtlety with detailed instrumentation on most every song yet all sound laid back and focused on the great vocal performance.
1418;6;'Take These Chains From My Heart', is longlingly lovely.
1418;7;'Take These Chains From My Heart', is longlingly lovely.
1418;8;"Silver Wings" is a sad and a very touching song that features Rufus Wainwright.
1418;9;She has made a CD that is pure love and music...Roseanne has not had the life of luxury and fun that one might imagine from a child of a celebrity.
1418;10;'Bury Me Under The Weeping Willow' is a fitting ending for this marvelous CD-we can feel the America that these tunes represent...This is a low cut list of tunes that best represent the America we love.
1417;1;Although Santana's musical wanderings between different genres and styles, definitely a characteristic of this CD, would lead him to subsequently produce some rather mediocre as well as fantastic albums, "Caravanserai" remains one of his best efforts.
1417;2;A highlight (in fact, probably the best track) is the group's rendition of Jobim's "Stone Flower."
1417;3;This CD I think is really good, it might not be for everybody but it's worth a listen if your thinking about it.
1417;4;A highlight (in fact, probably the best track) is the group's rendition of Jobim's "Stone Flower."
1417;5;A highlight (in fact, probably the best track) is the group's rendition of Jobim's "Stone Flower."
1417;6;The instrumentation is nice and clean and feels perfect in presentation for my ears.
1417;7;Hardly anything I've ever heard matches the fabulous music, the fluid, driving pleasure that the Santana group dishes out here.
1417;8;A highlight (in fact, probably the best track) is the group's rendition of Jobim's "Stone Flower."
1417;9;A highlight (in fact, probably the best track) is the group's rendition of Jobim's "Stone Flower."
1417;10;The combination of Santana's otherworldly inspiration and the percolating back-up musicians who really stretch out & paint this recorded canvas with a rainbow of colors peaked with Caravanserai, and the next couple of recordings, especially the obvious companion to this recording, "Welcome".
1416;1;Right, so this has a bunch of good songs on it!
1416;2;One gets the sense that Joni is disgorging her vision of life with some pain, but with the conviction of necessity, and that she is doing so with ambivalence to popular reaction.
1416;3;Right, so this has a bunch of good songs on it!
1416;4;If we look at any object what we in fact see is a combination of shadows and light.
1416;5;I've read that when it originally came out it  was dismissed as pretentious
1416;6;The strange echoing vocals that Joni places in the verses resonate within the listener's mind and take up home amongst the natural imagery of a hot summers day.
1416;7;If we look at any object what we in fact see is a combination of shadows and light.
1416;8;Great, great lyrics, great, great guitar solo.
1416;9;And yes, there's a lot of jazzy stuff here, like the multi-part "Harry's House - Centerpiece", which has a fun blues piano solo
1416;10;I particularly love her cover painting which perfectly encapsulates the emotions she feels about the world around her.
1423;1;This record is the most enjoyable and fun of any of the Dead's live records.
1423;2;But the best song on this CD is "China Cat Sunflower" and its ever-present follower, "I Know You Rider."
1423;3;"He's Gone" is a stately elegy, with good lyrics and a nice Garcia solo.
1423;4;But the best song on this CD is "China Cat Sunflower" and its ever-present follower, "I Know You Rider."
1423;5;Garcia's solo work is concise and accurate and it shows what he could do when he was focused and functional.
1423;6;But the best song on this CD is "China Cat Sunflower" and its ever-present follower, "I Know You Rider."
1423;7;Nice Garcia leads driven by Kreutzmann's drums.
1423;8;"Ramble on Rose" is a slow shuffle with nice picking and enigmatic lyrics in which Hunter offers infinite possibilities for defining Rose.
1423;9;This record is the most enjoyable and fun of any of the Dead's live records.
1423;10;An interesting fact about this live album is that many of the Dead's best loved songs first debuted on this album.
1422;1;It's just one of those tracks where everyone in the band has fun with as the parts they play are just fun to do and easily allows for improvisation i.e. a real jam...Now this version of the album comes in a very well designed mini-lp sleeve replica with good quality cardboard and fine detailed representation of the original lp sleeve down to the inner jacket too.
1422;2;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/What-Were-Once-Vices-Are-Now-Habits/dp/B000002KF4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">What Were Once Vices Are Now Habits</a>&nbsp
1422;3;Down home acoustic Down Around O'Connelly Corners is a cool song, and Ukiah and The Captain And Me are melodic and well performed with lots of good acoustic and electric guitar work and interesting lyrics.
1422;4;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/What-Were-Once-Vices-Are-Now-Habits/dp/B000002KF4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">What Were Once Vices Are Now Habits</a>&nbsp
1422;5;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/What-Were-Once-Vices-Are-Now-Habits/dp/B000002KF4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">What Were Once Vices Are Now Habits</a>&nbsp
1422;6;The songwriting is solid, there's a nice balance of electric rock and acoustic ballads, and the production is clean.
1422;7;A mixture of hard driving rock and mellow touches of acoustic work.
1422;8;"Clear" roared to a finale of crashing bells atop a lyric that was allegedly about drug addiction, it's a fiery showcase of the band's musicianship.
1422;9;It's one of those tunes that just makes you want to dance.
1422;10;I love where I live out in the country.
1421;1;Sounds as good now, 30 years later , as  in  this album.
1421;2;Rickie Lee has one of the female voices you don't forget.
1421;3;Sounds as good now, 30 years later , as  in  this album.
1421;4;Rickie Lee has one of the female voices you don't forget.
1421;5;Her style should be studied by present female vocalists looking to do a lot with less.
1421;6;"Say goodnight America the world still loves a dreamer, and all the gangs have gone home, I'm standing on the corner all alone" is an eerie way to end the album.
1421;7;"Last Chance Texaco" has a country/folk feel to it with very  clever word play equating a woman in need of love to a car in need of  repair.
1421;8;"So hold onto your special friend, here you'll need something to keep her in, now you stay inside this foolish grin, though any day your secrets end, then again years may go by, and years may go by"...Overall Rickie Lee Jones debut is pretty awesome, but a part of me wants to be disappointed in the fact the lyrics aren't as memorable as on Pirates with the exception of two tracks.
1421;9;"Chuck E.'s in Love," the hit single from this collection, is jazzy and funky and fun--and what most casual listeners think of when Jones comes to mind.
1421;10;"Last Chance Texaco" has a country/folk feel to it with very  clever word play equating a woman in need of love to a car in need of  repair.
1420;1;All good things to be said for this CD....
1420;2;This music cd is an very amazing cd with an artist that really knows how to sing and lyrics wise you can feel her pain and mutiple other feelings within each song she has written for the cd.
1420;3;All good things to be said for this CD....
1420;4;Her life story is reflected in her music.
1420;5;LOREENA MCKENNITT is a multi-faceted musician and recording artist is a gifted writer and performer who focuses on neo-classical folk based on early or pre-Christian themes.
1420;6;Her life story is reflected in her music.
1420;7;.1991's "The Visit" is my favorite record out of her entire 25 year catalog (my second favorite is 1987's "To Drive The Cold Winter Away").
1420;8;Her voice is so beautiful and the lyrics so piercing and sad.
1420;9;She makes you dance, makes you weep, makes you dream, makes you think.
1420;10;I love th touch of whimsy and fairies that she brings to old world music.
1456;1;Fantastic show...The 16mm film transfer is quite good, better than video would have looked at that time.
1456;2;The stage set-up and props were fantastic.
1456;3;Watched it the second time (yes it was that good) in DTS 5.1 and it made an amazing difference.
1456;4;The stage set-up and props were fantastic.
1456;5;The stage set-up and props were fantastic.
1456;6;That being said, Watching this at home with Blu-ray and surround system  is as pleasurable as it gets without being there.
1456;7;The stage set-up and props were fantastic.
1456;8;The very best music can bring up emotions and touch you very personally and this is the very best.
1456;9;You can dance, sing, meditate, have fun while watching this masterpiece!
1456;10;The band is superb, the mix is great, Paula Cole singing backup (and loving it) when she is a great artist and songwriter in her own right,shows the gravitas of PG within music circles, she's not just some backup singer.
1457;1;I'll let you folks come up with your own answer, but I honestly don't think that anyone who enjoyed the Mk II output of the band wouldn't enjoy this.
1457;2;This is has got to be one of my favorite, if not my favorite album of all times.
1457;3;Even my (comparatively) least favorite track, "Lay Down, Stay Down," is pretty good.
1457;4;This is has got to be one of my favorite, if not my favorite album of all times.
1457;5;This is has got to be one of my favorite, if not my favorite album of all times.
1457;6;Blackmore's leads and guitar parts are clean and pure, little distortion, if any, and placed on the heavy rhythmic attack of an excellent excellent band, the album rocks marvelously.
1457;7;I've never really been able to digest that one: Purple made a name for themselves with slightly psychedelic, guitar driven, organ spiced, fast and furious songs and for the most part, that's exactly what you will find here.
1457;8;This is has got to be one of my favorite, if not my favorite album of all times.
1457;9;This is has got to be one of my favorite, if not my favorite album of all times.
1457;10;, "You Fool No One" is probably the one that changes "the most" with an alternate guitar intro (very much like the one Ritchie would play live) and "Sail Away" features slightly different keyboards and a couple of additional backing vocals, but that's it.
1458;1;It's just good music all the way through and it's fun to listen to.
1458;2;The clean vocal delivery works great with Ghost's overall sound, reminiscent of late '70's, early 80's hard rock/metal, and there isn't a bad song in the bunch.
1458;3;This is a good thing.
1458;4;It boasts a lot of variety and talent under its banner.
1458;5;It boasts a lot of variety and talent under its banner.
1458;6;The brazenly clean vocals and harmonies on this album catch you off guard, but they prove powerful the more you listen.
1458;7;From pioneers such as Zeppelin and Sabbath to some of the later acts that popularized the genre name like Metallica, the sound of metal boasted a full palette of atmospheres and emotions to go along with its trademark aggressive drive and rhythm...I think when Pantera came along, a lot of that began to die.
1458;8;From pioneers such as Zeppelin and Sabbath to some of the later acts that popularized the genre name like Metallica, the sound of metal boasted a full palette of atmospheres and emotions to go along with its trademark aggressive drive and rhythm...I think when Pantera came along, a lot of that began to die.
1458;9;haha this is a short record (30 +/- minutes long) but wooow haha it delivers great fun.
1458;10;I love it so much, I've had it spinning in rotation ever since I first bought it.
1459;1;Nobody is as ballsy as Maynard when it comes to lyrics and music, so the complaint about people liking Puscifer because of Maynard is completely irrelevant, because no one but Maynard would have ever tried something this crazy...As far as the music goes, it's just really chill and really fun to listen to.
1459;2;Worth it just for Queen Bee...Maynard is a genius, with a hell of a sense of humor...I think he enjoys the negative reviews as much as the positive ones.
1459;3;good music check it out!
1459;4;Nobody is as ballsy as Maynard when it comes to lyrics and music, so the complaint about people liking Puscifer because of Maynard is completely irrelevant, because no one but Maynard would have ever tried something this crazy...As far as the music goes, it's just really chill and really fun to listen to.
1459;5;Imma let you finish reading this review, but hurry up and buy this so that you can start enjoying its awesomeness.
1459;6;Clean guitar riffs take the forefront here, laid over a drum machine beat.
1459;7;The end result is an album full of mellow yet driving hooks, subtle vocals, and it all flows seamlessly without any hard edges...It's kind of like the groovier sides of My Life with the Thrill Kill Kult, especially their Filthiest Show in Town album.
1459;8;Nobody is as ballsy as Maynard when it comes to lyrics and music, so the complaint about people liking Puscifer because of Maynard is completely irrelevant, because no one but Maynard would have ever tried something this crazy...As far as the music goes, it's just really chill and really fun to listen to.
1459;9;Nobody is as ballsy as Maynard when it comes to lyrics and music, so the complaint about people liking Puscifer because of Maynard is completely irrelevant, because no one but Maynard would have ever tried something this crazy...As far as the music goes, it's just really chill and really fun to listen to.
1459;10;I love every song on it.
1460;1;i have a really big expectations about the new album and Zombie Don't Disappoint, this is Great Fantastic record, very upbeat!!!
1460;2;It seems like (to me at least) that every other album he puts out is really worth a look.
1460;3;i can't believe it sounds excellent and i've been a zombie fan since first 'white'...his last movie was really good as well.
1460;4;It seems like (to me at least) that every other album he puts out is really worth a look.
1460;5;It seems like (to me at least) that every other album he puts out is really worth a look.
1460;6;It seems like (to me at least) that every other album he puts out is really worth a look.
1460;7;It seems like (to me at least) that every other album he puts out is really worth a look.
1460;8;The next song is back to classic heavy metal Zombie style, "Ging Gang Gong De Do Gong De Laga Raga", and sure enough he builds to that part in the lyrics as well.
1460;9;This is a awesome cd it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1460;10;I have been a Zombiehead for many years and I love all of White Zombies / Rob Zombies albums for different reasons.
1461;1;I think it's fantastic as well.
1461;2;In sum, I consider this a great album, but I also consider it a quintessential Stevie album from start to finish, in that it perfectly captures the essence of Stevie Nicks.
1461;3;Stevie Nicks is awesome and anything she sings is going to be just as good.
1461;4;In sum, I consider this a great album, but I also consider it a quintessential Stevie album from start to finish, in that it perfectly captures the essence of Stevie Nicks.
1461;5;Her solo album really focuses on what made her elligable to have a solo album in the first place, her soft yet captivating voice and her mystical aura and persona.
1461;6;The remix/remaster of the original tracks are all incredibly clean, clear, and crisp!
1461;7;Want to be able to listen to this while driving.
1461;8;The Wild Heart is more of an artist's album, and Nicks' spreads her wings to command and fill the entire effort with admirable authority...For a Nicks' fan, The Wild Heart is nirvana: longer songs with more passionate, imagistic lyrics than ever.
1461;9;''stand back'' a fun dance hit.
1461;10;The love you put in.
1462;1;this is a good cd for anyone that is a janet jackson fan it takes through a wonderful decade that brings happy memories and dancing at a time where u had to know more than harlem shaking and booty bouncin.
1462;2;Janet has released a diverse body of work most artists can only envy
1462;3;Janet has released a diverse body of work most artists can only envy
1462;4;Altough I like all sixteen tracks among my personal favorites are "When I Think Of You"(with it's neo-Motown bassline and well-timed instrumental breaks),"Miss You Much"(your feet get tired from dancing so hard to this song), the convincing "Love Will Never Do(Without You)",and the beautiful "Come Back To Me".
1462;5;Plus there is an excellent interview in the booklet which is a good read.
1462;6;Janet has released a diverse body of work most artists can only envy
1462;7;"Runaway" is a song about traveling around the world alone but wishing your loved one was there with you.
1462;8;Janet has released a diverse body of work most artists can only envy
1462;9;Altough I like all sixteen tracks among my personal favorites are "When I Think Of You"(with it's neo-Motown bassline and well-timed instrumental breaks),"Miss You Much"(your feet get tired from dancing so hard to this song), the convincing "Love Will Never Do(Without You)",and the beautiful "Come Back To Me".
1462;10;From the pop, rock, dance and romantic, this album covers Janet's best trough all the years.
1463;1;David's rhythmic, tight drums, Elliot's fantastic guitar licks, and Greg's experimental electronic sound all make this album a classic, in my book.
1463;2;This is probably my favorite.
1463;3;Good, clean MFSL issue of a all time great album.
1463;4;This is probably my favorite.
1463;5;This is probably my favorite.
1463;6;Good, clean MFSL issue of a all time great album.
1463;7;The whole recording is full of cool tunes flat flow out like great drink from the past of warm summer nights driving in the car with the tunes screaming  and wind blowing through your hair.
1463;8;Their music and lyrics were a fun, refreshing, new sound for the late 70's.
1463;9;Their music and lyrics were a fun, refreshing, new sound for the late 70's.
1463;10;"Let's Go" will make you smile (love those handclaps) and "It's All I Can Do" will break your heart.
1464;1;An absolutely fantastic and unusual piece of musical work, Very rare to find new music of such fantastic depth and quality, wonderfully composed and performed,.
1464;2;An absolutely fantastic and unusual piece of musical work, Very rare to find new music of such fantastic depth and quality, wonderfully composed and performed,.
1464;3;After listening to Zooey's music you can just relax and pretend that the world is still magical
1464;4;An absolutely fantastic and unusual piece of musical work, Very rare to find new music of such fantastic depth and quality, wonderfully composed and performed,.
1464;5;An absolutely fantastic and unusual piece of musical work, Very rare to find new music of such fantastic depth and quality, wonderfully composed and performed,.
1464;6;An absolutely fantastic and unusual piece of musical work, Very rare to find new music of such fantastic depth and quality, wonderfully composed and performed,.
1464;7;An absolutely fantastic and unusual piece of musical work, Very rare to find new music of such fantastic depth and quality, wonderfully composed and performed,.
1464;8;Unlike most pop music today, Zooey's voice and thought provoking lyrics are a breath of fresh air.
1464;9;But I'll take them as they are, a fun 60's throwback pop band that is sweet and charming as Zooey...Highly recommended.
1464;10;This album will make you fall in love with Zooey even more.
1465;1;When you watch the video, you will see how appreciative Pineda is of his good fortune, you will see how passionate he is about the music, and unless you refuse to be true to yourself, you will be happy for the band and you will allow yourself to enjoy in the 'Revelation'.
1465;2;I've loved Journey for a while now and I was sad when steve Perry left.
1465;3;But the good news is you can have the whole thing for $11.88 at Wal-Mart.
1465;4;But the good news is you can have the whole thing for $11.88 at Wal-Mart.
1465;5;But the good news is you can have the whole thing for $11.88 at Wal-Mart.
1465;6;Pineda's vocal gives the song more authenticity and brings home the message of heartland values.
1465;7;This is a perfect song to play to keep your road trip an enjoyable one.
1465;8;Only this time Jonathan Cain adds the extra emotion with his tender piano tones.
1465;9;So to me it's just a fun extra.
1465;10;Where Did I Lose Your Love is a semi-ballad with a killer hook that could easily be an outtake from Frontiers with fantastic backing vocals and Pineda's confident lead.
1466;1;It was fun while it lasted, as this would be Neil's last great recording, at least for quite some time.
1466;2;This is one of those solid listens from start to finish.
1466;3;The acoustic songs are really relaxing tunes, good  compositions and the form a real balance to the electrical stuff ont this  album (like Hey hey, Welfare Mothers).
1466;4;This is one of those solid listens from start to finish.
1466;5;This is one of those solid listens from start to finish.
1466;6;This is possibly one of the greatest rock albums of all time and it deseves to be in your CD collection at home.
1466;7;This is one of those solid listens from start to finish.
1466;8;Similar to the beginning track, only with slightly altered lyrics and being a loud, anthemic, hard-rocking masterpiece, making the former acoustic piece more powerful than ever with fuzzy and distorted guitars, giving a hint of "grunge."
1466;9;It was fun while it lasted, as this would be Neil's last great recording, at least for quite some time.
1466;10;is the most unique because of its strange combination of haunting despair for the plight of Native Americans which turns into a love song for Pochahontas and all things Americana (the Astrodome, Hollywood, Marlon Brando, etc.).
1467;1;Great cd with good music.
1467;2;He lets us into his solemn thoughts some happy and some sad.
1467;3;All of these songs are sung and plated beautifully, creating a relaxed and romantic atmosphere that puts the listener in a trance (as a matter of fact, this album isn't bad for a nice romantic evening at home with that special someone).
1467;4;This anniversary edition of the album includes excellent sequence from the soundtrack of one of his TV specials.
1467;5;This anniversary edition of the album includes excellent sequence from the soundtrack of one of his TV specials.
1467;6;All of these songs are sung and plated beautifully, creating a relaxed and romantic atmosphere that puts the listener in a trance (as a matter of fact, this album isn't bad for a nice romantic evening at home with that special someone).
1467;7;This anniversary edition of the album includes excellent sequence from the soundtrack of one of his TV specials.
1467;8;He lets us into his solemn thoughts some happy and some sad.
1467;9;This anniversary edition of the album includes excellent sequence from the soundtrack of one of his TV specials.
1467;10;I've always loved the interplay of Jobim songs with Cole Porter and Irving Berlin on this album.
1468;1;This is almost as good as being there,they sound a bit to close to studio music than I like for a live recording, but really fun.
1468;2;AC/DC'S live album is one of the best live albums which comes in to my mind along with eagles live,black sabbath's reunion and blue oyster cult's extraterrestrial live.this live album is great.get it.
1468;3;this is a good place to start if you are new to the band.
1468;4;Disc 1 features some great tunes with highlights being the opener "Thunderstruck", "Sin City", "Heatseeker", "The Jack" and the 14+ minute "Jailbreak".
1468;5;Disc 1 features some great tunes with highlights being the opener "Thunderstruck", "Sin City", "Heatseeker", "The Jack" and the 14+ minute "Jailbreak".
1468;6;Disc 1 features some great tunes with highlights being the opener "Thunderstruck", "Sin City", "Heatseeker", "The Jack" and the 14+ minute "Jailbreak".
1468;7;Disc 1 features some great tunes with highlights being the opener "Thunderstruck", "Sin City", "Heatseeker", "The Jack" and the 14+ minute "Jailbreak".
1468;8;Disc 1 features some great tunes with highlights being the opener "Thunderstruck", "Sin City", "Heatseeker", "The Jack" and the 14+ minute "Jailbreak".
1468;9;This is almost as good as being there,they sound a bit to close to studio music than I like for a live recording, but really fun.
1468;10;However, the track selection here is still great and there's a lot to love...This is overall a strong and spirited album with great performances by every member of the band.
1469;1;This take two of Steven Stills Super Session shows Steven and Barry Goldbeg both from SS1 in good form, joined by the remarkable Kenny Wayne Shepard, this album tends towards the blues, and the songwriting is first rate and just a fun album to listen to.
1469;2;This is one of those albums that grows on you the more you listen to it.
1469;3;A good musical ride from Stephen Stills and co
1469;4;This is one of those albums that grows on you the more you listen to it.
1469;5;Because he isn't trying to be all things that Stills can be to all people, but has focused his energy in a direction in which he excels, Stills is simply a master at the top of his game.
1469;6;His voice is clear and clean as a whistle.
1469;7;Take the CD for a ride in the car, you'll be surprised how fast the road goes by :-).
1469;8;Also impressive are many of the lyrics, which often reflect the wisdom of experience, presented in a tough-yet-tender manner.
1469;9;Played the CD at a small party I had.
1469;10;I had a chance to see The Rides live a couple of weeks ago in Melbourne Florida and they were great.
1470;1;That's really fun, when everybody keeps saying how good was something that sold 10 million copies and everyone owns it...This one is perhaps one of the best LP's of all time... Highly recommended as a top-gem in your CD collection.
1470;2;Better yet, get this:&nbsp
1470;3;Overall it is a pretty good debut.
1470;4;Joe and Brad created one of the most amazing weaving guitar workouts ever.
1470;5;Anyone who has read my other reviews knows how much I love debut albums.
1470;6;"Take this home and play it," says my friend.
1470;7;Better yet, get this:&nbsp
1470;8;"Movin' Out"--Amazing what a simple act of being kicked out of your pad would inspire such great lyrics and great guitar riffs!
1470;9;Gritty, raw, and fun to listen to.
1470;10;I wore grooves in it and love the guitar play in it and it is my third favorite Aerosmith cd (after Toys and Rocks).
1471;1;But it's all good...PS If you enjoy this, be sure to seek out Jane Siberry's great  "The Walking".
1471;2;The only bad thing about this album is that it's so good, I feel compelled to share it, but it's so different from anything else that it's hard to know if a person is going to be receptive to it.
1471;3;The only bad thing about this album is that it's so good, I feel compelled to share it, but it's so different from anything else that it's hard to know if a person is going to be receptive to it.
1471;4;She was in the process of mastering new technology which she would completely accomplish on "The Hounds of Love" a few years later.
1471;5;Her eyes are looking far in the distance, when she should be focused on his eyes...The album closes with the stunning "Get Out Of My House."
1471;6;After an appreciation is developed for her vocal quirks and simple, but highly effective, story telling should one then purchase The Dreaming...The album needs to played *LOUD LOUD LOUD* and is great if you've come home from another day at work where everything... seemed.....
1471;7;Her reconstruction of Celtic-folk dance on "Night of the Swallows" is sublime
1471;8;anyhoo, the lyrics, the stories she tells, the instruments and sounds, combined with the raw emotion just kill, really get you at your core.
1471;9;The title track is trippy, Sat in Your Lap is fun, I  mean it's not ALL heavy.
1471;10;I was into her from her first album and loved this one at first listen without being aware of how many fans were utterly dismayed by her total abandonment of her waifish "Wuthering Heights" personna.
1441;1;Track One - This track takes you for a ride, short and fun....you'll enjoy it.
1441;2;"Belle de Jour" is a phenomenally beautiful piece, somehow sad and uplifting at the same time...At one point I would have said there isn't a stand-out track that I can think of.
1441;3;Instead in its own way it is just as good if not better.
1441;4;Again, you can't simply listen to sound clips on iTunes, you have to buy it and immerse yourself in the genius of Steven Wilson!
1441;5;But this is certainly a track that one must study numerous times before making a judgement.
1441;6;I love the use of "organic" tone colors like the (tons of) mellotron and the clean tones on the electric guitar.
1441;7;This is simply a artist who is reaching for new musical heights and was able to put together in this beautifully crafted album called "Grace For Drowning" and I highly recommend buying this Blu-ray like I did which has exceptional 5.1 DTS surround sound and please do not forget to buy the Cd for car or itune use...This album should get better and better with each listen, so please enjoy this great album and exceptional artist!
1441;8;There is so much emotion put into this album.
1441;9;Track One - This track takes you for a ride, short and fun....you'll enjoy it.
1441;10;I love the jazz progressive sound with Wilson's own mix of dark beauty.
1440;1;LDV certainly is worth a listen for anyone who enjoys thumpng good rock and roll.
1440;2;This remastered version is superb
1440;3;As a Moody Blues fanatic having been to 4 of their concerts, it was nice to find this on CD at a good price, fast shipping and a very easy transactions with no complaints.
1440;4;I totally recommend this CD and if you're fingers don't start tapping in the car whilst listening to it, somethings is not right.
1440;5;You can read my other review where I go into depth about the whole SHM thing but for now I can assure you that it's the excellent remastering job that is responsible for the great sound quality and NOT the SHM treatment.
1440;6;I totally recommend this CD and if you're fingers don't start tapping in the car whilst listening to it, somethings is not right.
1440;7;I totally recommend this CD and if you're fingers don't start tapping in the car whilst listening to it, somethings is not right.
1440;8;This remastered version is superb
1440;9;Extra tracks are great fun too!
1440;10;You can never go wrong with the Moody Blues, They are the greatest and I will love them forever --- Great!!!
1443;1;So, I enjoy these CDs a lot.
1443;2;The music is great, the guys are wonderful, the whole package is very enjoyable.
1443;3;It is as good as Heritage cd.
1443;4;The music is great, the guys are wonderful, the whole package is very enjoyable.
1443;5;The music is great, the guys are wonderful, the whole package is very enjoyable.
1443;6;The music is great, the guys are wonderful, the whole package is very enjoyable.
1443;7;My Celtic Thunder CD's travel with me everywhere.
1443;8;I love the music, their energy, their emotions, and their wonderful personalities.
1443;9;A real fun mix of songs and music by the best group I know of.
1443;10;I absolutely loved this CE and the DVD, or is it the DVD I'm reviewing?
1442;1;Oh, this CD is so much fun.
1442;2;(Something about Tina Turner and her cohorts singing stuff like "reety-alrighty he's the Zomby Woof" just tickles my funny bone).
1442;3;The guitar solo is quite short but very good
1442;4;There is much to like about this album...- It's by the Fowler/Duke/Thompson/etc edition of the Mothers, apparently the most popular of them among Zappa fans...- Frank had been woodshedding on the guitar, and it shows...- It's fun, the arrangements are as tight as a gnat's wotsit and it contains (in my opinion) Frank's greatest guitar solo, the nutty workout in "Zomby Woof."
1442;5;Of course if you listen closely, or read the lyrics, you will be astounded by the audacious sexual content of some of them.
1442;6;I'm forever grateful to my sister's friend Pete who brought "Over-nite Sensation" to our house that one day.
1442;7;(Something about Tina Turner and her cohorts singing stuff like "reety-alrighty he's the Zomby Woof" just tickles my funny bone).
1442;8;It is so much fun to listen to, you hardly  notice its feminist lyrics ridiculing male sexuality.
1442;9;Oh, this CD is so much fun.
1442;10;Frank refers to it as 'a tool of the government ', he loved attacking governments .
1445;1;This time around there are no collaborations or duets (not that there was anything wrong with them, I enjoyed them) and I was happy with that (the more of Ivan's voice heard, the better IMO).
1445;2;They combine great lyrics, superb musicianship, & all in a 3-4 minute song!!
1445;3;The deep strong vocals along with driving beat is a great pick me up and is really good to work out to.
1445;4;They combine great lyrics, superb musicianship, & all in a 3-4 minute song!!
1445;5;They combine great lyrics, superb musicianship, & all in a 3-4 minute song!!
1445;6;They combine great lyrics, superb musicianship, & all in a 3-4 minute song!!
1445;7;Great driving or work out cd.
1445;8;They combine great lyrics, superb musicianship, & all in a 3-4 minute song!!
1445;9;Just fun to bang your head to and also great lyrics, some songs I can really relate to.
1445;10;I love this band and they have stayed true to form.
1444;1;Butler's bass work is fantastic, Appice is a master on the drums, and Iommi is a true metal god on the guitar.
1444;2;This historic band looks and sounds terrific and their stage set and lighting are brilliantly matched to the music.
1444;3;They are so good at what they do that this DVD is a true find.
1444;4;This historic band looks and sounds terrific and their stage set and lighting are brilliantly matched to the music.
1444;5;This historic band looks and sounds terrific and their stage set and lighting are brilliantly matched to the music.
1444;6;True Ozzy had some amazing album with Black Sabbath but it was Heaven And Hell that proved Ozzy was just holding them back  and DIO made them each their full potential like he always does every time he comes back home to sabbath as he is now.
1444;7;Their performance were brilliant and Dio's singing is worth the trip to hell.
1444;8;It is strange to listen to these new perfomances as an adult and to understand that all the dark and spooky lyrics were just fun, like a Stephen King book... these old guys don't look or sound like demons... they sound like a great band that grew up on the blues and took it in a new direction.
1444;9;It is strange to listen to these new perfomances as an adult and to understand that all the dark and spooky lyrics were just fun, like a Stephen King book... these old guys don't look or sound like demons... they sound like a great band that grew up on the blues and took it in a new direction.
1444;10;I've  always loved Ronnie James Dio's vocals both with Rainbow and Sabbath.
1447;1;"Too Hot To  Handle" "Try Me" "Gettin Ready" "Love To  Love"...they are all very good songs.
1447;2;One more classic to go before Schenker couldn't take it anymore, but "misty green and blue" are just some of the beautiful templates that this band created in the mid to late 1970's.
1447;3;"Too Hot To  Handle" "Try Me" "Gettin Ready" "Love To  Love"...they are all very good songs.
1447;4;It will only take a listen
1447;5;It will only take a listen
1447;6;It will only take a listen
1447;7;It will only take a listen
1447;8;They add a total depth to this track that makes it an astounding performance with flourshing lyrics from Phil Moog.
1447;9;It had been a while since I played it (several years), but after getting it on CD and playing it, I remembered how great an album it was and it brought back many great memories of parties where I played it and the friends that were around at the time (some of them dead now).
1447;10;Always loved this,a true classic.
1446;1;, and have some good old fun.
1446;2;MISSING HEART is another favorite
1446;3;From the opening bass notes of "Take Hold of My Hand," you know you're in for a good time.
1446;4;Each one is dependently different from the others.
1446;5;Then I hear about the new "3 Pears", read great reviews, and been meaning to buy it since release day (saw it debuted at #18 on the Billboard Top 200...is that his highest??)
1446;6;Each one is dependently different from the others.
1446;7;Each one is dependently different from the others.
1446;8;The lyrics are heart-felt, ringing true with the human touch and emotions.
1446;9;It's fun, it's dynamic, it's simply Dwight...Thank you...Pam
1446;10;I don't know how anyone could sit still while listening to this track...A HEART LIKE MINE is sweetly romantic
1449;1;Riot act this is the first time i put this album on in two years and i thought well i'll give it a go see if as good as i remember or bad being whatever your opipion and i was shocked and how much they changed since ten and Vs i was ready to write them off, but i really enjoyed this album with the opening track.
1449;2;Riot act this is the first time i put this album on in two years and i thought well i'll give it a go see if as good as i remember or bad being whatever your opipion and i was shocked and how much they changed since ten and Vs i was ready to write them off, but i really enjoyed this album with the opening track.
1449;3;Riot act this is the first time i put this album on in two years and i thought well i'll give it a go see if as good as i remember or bad being whatever your opipion and i was shocked and how much they changed since ten and Vs i was ready to write them off, but i really enjoyed this album with the opening track.
1449;4;What's more, the tunes on "Riot Act" are great and, as usual, heartfelt.
1449;5;Pearl Jam is always one of the most fun bands to read fan-reviews for, why?
1449;6;RIOT ACT hits home, and it hits hard.
1449;7;What's more, the tunes on "Riot Act" are great and, as usual, heartfelt.
1449;8;"1/2 Full" is blues-based and raw, with searing guitar work and lyrics that bleed emotion.
1449;9;Pearl Jam is always one of the most fun bands to read fan-reviews for, why?
1449;10;Album is great, especially "love boat captain" and "green disease".
1448;1;When you watch the video, you will see how appreciative Pineda is of his good fortune, you will see how passionate he is about the music, and unless you refuse to be true to yourself, you will be happy for the band and you will allow yourself to enjoy in the 'Revelation'.
1448;2;I've loved Journey for a while now and I was sad when steve Perry left.
1448;3;"Faith in the Heartlands" was my favorite track from the 2005 Generations and it makes a warm return with the introduction cut out which kind of disappointed me but it's still good to hear.
1448;4;Revelations will take a spot in the active play section with other new music selections.
1448;5;Revelations will take a spot in the active play section with other new music selections.
1448;6;this CD is simply awesome....I hope that Arnel decides to make his home a permanate one with Journey in the CD's to come.
1448;7;This is a perfect song to play to keep your road trip an enjoyable one.
1448;8;I've loved Journey for a while now and I was sad when steve Perry left.
1448;9;He was fun to watch and listen to but give this new guy a chance.
1448;10;would love to see journey in person someday.
1451;1;They are business men who in the end have given us a good days work for many years!
1451;2;It has lots of bad notes and really funny imagery that is somewhat hilarious at times.
1451;3;It has lots of bad notes and really funny imagery that is somewhat hilarious at times.
1451;4;The second disc is really KISS at it's best!!
1451;5;EXCELLENT BOOK enjoyed reading this very much.
1451;6;The audio wizards cleaned up the sound on Disks 1 & 2 and they've offered it with a terrific 5.1 Dolby mix...After enjoying what was more of a front row seat experience with the quality HD video and surround sound on the awesome, 5-star Rock the Nation 2004 DVD by Kiss, the live performances in the Kissology set were reduced to mere DVD viewings.
1451;7;It is amazing these clips exist and are available for use  to enjoy it is your chance to travel back to the mid 70's and experience the birth of Kiss.
1451;8;It has lots of bad notes and really funny imagery that is somewhat hilarious at times.
1451;9;Have fun, it won't dissappoint!
1451;10;i love kiss, and with this dvd got exactly wath i was wanting, great rock.
1450;1;I am a fan of all music and gospel is a genre I enjoy but I am very selective.
1450;2;If we want to have joy and happiness we must stop doing things that we know will bring about pain and separation.
1450;3;I am a fan of all music and gospel is a genre I enjoy but I am very selective.
1450;4;I am a fan of all music and gospel is a genre I enjoy but I am very selective.
1450;5;I am a fan of all music and gospel is a genre I enjoy but I am very selective.
1450;6;I am a fan of all music and gospel is a genre I enjoy but I am very selective.
1450;7;I am a fan of all music and gospel is a genre I enjoy but I am very selective.
1450;8;If you enjoy skillfully crafted songs with hearty vocals and weighty lyrics, then this is the album for you!
1450;9;I am a fan of all music and gospel is a genre I enjoy but I am very selective.
1450;10;I love supporting Kirk Franklin because of his compassion towards the world and particularly towards hurting people.
1453;1;You'll enjoy every track without skipping.
1453;2;No one sounds like Lalah.....absolutely beautiful!!!
1453;3;So good I bought it for my mom and she loves it!!!!
1453;4;No one sounds like Lalah.....absolutely beautiful!!!
1453;5;No one sounds like Lalah.....absolutely beautiful!!!
1453;6;She won a couple of grammy's this year, if the vote was fair she would have cleaned up all of what Adele and Beyonce got.
1453;7;No one sounds like Lalah.....absolutely beautiful!!!
1453;8;"These are the things" the lyrics come alive.
1453;9;She doesn't scream into the mike and put on  phony dance moves live in concert either.
1453;10;She won a couple of grammy's this year, if the vote was fair she would have cleaned up all of what Adele and Beyonce got.
1452;1;If you are a Nightwish fan at all, and enjoy a damn good singer with the soaringest vocals around, look no further.
1452;2;Dark, beautiful and awe-inspiring, her ability to evoke feelings in the listener with her compositions as well as her voice is quite powerful...Tarja's compositional style is more balanced between softer and heavier songs than hard core metal fans might like.
1452;3;If you are looking for an atmospheric operatic album heavily influenced by film music with only a few small rock elements for flavor this is a good album.
1452;4;Dark, beautiful and awe-inspiring, her ability to evoke feelings in the listener with her compositions as well as her voice is quite powerful...Tarja's compositional style is more balanced between softer and heavier songs than hard core metal fans might like.
1452;5;None of the reviews that I read seem to touch on the topic that this is a great album if you like opera/film/ or a big symphonic metal fan.
1452;6;Dark, beautiful and awe-inspiring, her ability to evoke feelings in the listener with her compositions as well as her voice is quite powerful...Tarja's compositional style is more balanced between softer and heavier songs than hard core metal fans might like.
1452;7;Dark, beautiful and awe-inspiring, her ability to evoke feelings in the listener with her compositions as well as her voice is quite powerful...Tarja's compositional style is more balanced between softer and heavier songs than hard core metal fans might like.
1452;8;The voice of Nightwish releases this disc of absolutely fabulous tracks that can open one's mind to the true emotion buried within.
1452;9;I Walk Alone and Poison have a fun, yet haunting, whimsical pop to them.
1452;10;If you're looking for fast-paced stuff, you'll have to pass on this one, but if you always liked the softer or more mellow Nightwish songs, where Tarja's voice and beautiful music compliment each other, then you will love this album.
1455;1;My favs are "Dance With The Devil", "Breath", "Diary of Jane" (acoustic version is fantastic), "Topless".
1455;2;This is a classic album by Breaking Benjamin, I love all the songs on the album.
1455;3;I think this album is really good, equally as good as Saturate and WANA.
1455;4;This is a classic album by Breaking Benjamin, I love all the songs on the album.
1455;5;Singer/songwriter,Ben Burnley, focuses more on great melodies on this album and departs more from 'Saturate's rawness.
1455;6;This is a classic album by Breaking Benjamin, I love all the songs on the album.
1455;7;I popped this CD in my car the day it came out, and I just let it play.
1455;8;You can't help but be moved by the lyrics...Dance With the Devil and Evil Angel are two very intense tracks and probably my favorite cuts from the album.
1455;9;This is a classic album by Breaking Benjamin, I love all the songs on the album.
1455;10;This is a classic album by Breaking Benjamin, I love all the songs on the album.
1454;1;I enjoyed it so much that I clapped at the end and felt compelled to write this review.
1454;2;The Weeknd is on top of the 100 Billboards.
1454;3;"Earned it" is a good song
1454;4;The Weeknd is on top of the 100 Billboards.
1454;5;The Weeknd is on top of the 100 Billboards.
1454;6;The Weeknd is on top of the 100 Billboards.
1454;7;The Weeknd is on top of the 100 Billboards.
1454;8;The material is raw and honest, the production always on point, the lyrics still dark and cynical, the delivery mesmerising and haunting as ever.
1454;9;The Weeknd is on top of the 100 Billboards.
1454;10;If you enjoyed Kissland as much a I have and still am, you will love this project.
1642;1;Good music, but ends when you start to enjoy it.
1642;2;Ms. Jackson is also a nice track and the guest appearances are well done as well.
1642;3;if u haven't heard ms. jackson on the radio u should buy this cd becauze the lyrics actually mean somethin and it has a good beat.
1642;4;Ms. Jackson is also a nice track and the guest appearances are well done as well.
1642;5;Ms. Jackson is also a nice track and the guest appearances are well done as well.
1642;6;some favoritez include i'll call b4 i come, so fresh so clean, gasolinedreams, b.o.b, and ms. jackson.
1642;7;Ms. Jackson is also a nice track and the guest appearances are well done as well.
1642;8;if u haven't heard ms. jackson on the radio u should buy this cd becauze the lyrics actually mean somethin and it has a good beat.
1642;9;And with songs like  B.O.B. we feel their party vibe.
1642;10;`B.O.B.' is a stunning combination of hip-hop with drum `n' bass beats, `So fresh, so clean' is smooth and seductive, `Gasoline dreams' is a  heavy hip-hop anthem and `Gangsta.....' and `x-plosion' are a couple more addictive tracks which really creep up on you after a couple of listens.
1643;1;If you find yourself enjoying these songs, you've got some realy treasures yet to explore.
1643;2;The touching "Red River Shore" captures the pain endured when a lover departs.
1643;3;The live tracks are, in my opinion, equally good, and show some of the live music spark that makes a Dylan show something special...Probably none of this is revelation to you, if you are reading this.
1643;4;This was a period of songs of love, resignation, contemplation and a return to some folk roots/covers.
1643;5;Spend some time with "Tell Tale Signs," listen, read, and appreciate that Bob Dylan was the right artist for our times.
1643;6;8 is an impressive package, the music, as others reviewers have noted, flows together wonderfully with brilliant sound quality, and Dylan's choice to have Larry "Ratso" Sloman (the author of the excellent "On The Road with Bob Dylan" which chronicled the Rolling Thunder Tour) write the liner notes, song analysis and history, was a wise move as Sloman brings it all back home.
1643;7;It's fun in the car.
1643;8;A real classic - the simplest of lyrics and phrasing to create a story of love and longing with some great backup (Duke robillard, augie myers, jim luther dickinson, jim keltner).
1643;9;It's fun in the car.
1643;10;This was a period of songs of love, resignation, contemplation and a return to some folk roots/covers.
1640;1;but very very happy that i was able to find it for such a good deal and i love this album sooooooooooo much, it has stood the test of time and i find it to be relatable to every aspect of one's life.
1640;2;This is an amazing narrative about one's search for self in the face of love and loss and overcoming pain.
1640;3;It wasn't as good as We Have The Facts..., now known as DCFC's peak by many, but it was excellent nonetheless.
1640;4;After "Expo '86" and "Sound of Settling" come my favorite two tracks on the album, "Tiny Vessels" and the title track.
1640;5;"We Looked Like Giants" (I love the line 'Do you remember the J.A.M.C. and reading aloud from magazines') is the best song I've heard in a LONG time.
1640;6;After "Expo '86" and "Sound of Settling" come my favorite two tracks on the album, "Tiny Vessels" and the title track.
1640;7;"Passenger Seat" is a piano driven song that I really enjoy listening to late at night.
1640;8;This album is so full of emotion, the lyrics are so unique, the band shows great musicianship, just everything about this album rocks.
1640;9;This music is fun and it is easy going so you can listen when you are relaxing.
1640;10;Well, I went into Sam Goody a couple of weeks ago with 20 bucks and came out with Transatlanticism.
1641;1;Damn she even knocked poor old Tony Bennett into the back ground she is so good...She is a wonderful performer ( although I have never seen her live).
1641;2;Krall is a wonderful singer and a marvelous piano talent.
1641;3;Damn she even knocked poor old Tony Bennett into the back ground she is so good...She is a wonderful performer ( although I have never seen her live).
1641;4;Krall is a wonderful singer and a marvelous piano talent.
1641;5;Krall is a wonderful singer and a marvelous piano talent.
1641;6;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
1641;7;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
1641;8;I enjoy this CD because there are no vocal acrobatics, it's lyrics delivered with introspection and a shot of whiskey.
1641;9;Krall is a wonderful singer and a marvelous piano talent.
1641;10;Diana is a gift for all that love the cross she does from Jazz and Blues.
1646;1;You will not be bored with this CD
1646;2;You will not be bored with this CD
1646;3;You will not be bored with this CD
1646;4;You will not be bored with this CD
1646;5;You will not be bored with this CD
1646;6;You will not be bored with this CD
1646;7;It's a driving album and perhaps Oingo did accomplish more with Only a Lad, but from a commercial perspective, this was the peak of their success.
1646;8;When I hear songs like "Just Another Day" and "Dead Man's Party," I hear songs that work for adults who long for adult lyrics with a childlike pop melody.
1646;9;It's so fun to just sit and listen to the quirky and extremely memorable lyrics.
1646;10;Dead Man's Party - 10 out of 10 - I absolutely love this song.
1647;1;I enjoy listening to this CD, good music, great voice.
1647;2;No matter what songs they perform, they are always enjoyable.
1647;3;I got this for a good friend as a Christmas gift, so I haven't heard all of the selections.
1647;4;No matter what songs they perform, they are always enjoyable.
1647;5;Go and research this  song and it is a good read.
1647;6;I love listening to this CD in my van and when I am at home or relaxing.
1647;7;My wife enjoy hear this CD she take in her car to work as well as the other I got her she is so happy.
1647;8;No matter what songs they perform, they are always enjoyable.
1647;9;Celtic Woman has been around now with various group members and are known for soothing, melodious songs of aulde and new and this one is beauty and more beauty, a little winky Celtic fun, and more beauty.
1647;10;My family loves listening to this group of woman.
1644;1;Usher is one of the few singers who can sing anything and he'll sound good as he does with this song.
1644;2;Usher is one of the few singers who can sing anything and he'll sound good as he does with this song.
1644;3;Usher is one of the few singers who can sing anything and he'll sound good as he does with this song.
1644;4;Usher is one of the few singers who can sing anything and he'll sound good as he does with this song.
1644;5;I am an aspiring singer/songwritter and this album definitely helps keep me focus.
1644;6;Usher is one of the few singers who can sing anything and he'll sound good as he does with this song.
1644;7;He had truly stepped into new territory boldly presenting his music with a maturity, scope and range beyond anything he has achieved before, and driven by a blazing purpose and passion.
1644;8;The thing that I love most about his album is the raw emotion, not only in the lyrics and in Usher's singing, but in the music itself.
1644;9;Usher is one of the few singers who can sing anything and he'll sound good as he does with this song.
1644;10;Even though he's a happily married man and in love he's still a man who loves the ladies.
1645;1;This truly is the best of "The Mama's and The Papas" I think that this album is excellent in fact beyond excellent, I am way impressed and never expected this CD to be so good!
1645;2;And at the same time with her group created the phenomenal sounds of the Mamas and the Papas!
1645;3;This truly is the best of "The Mama's and The Papas" I think that this album is excellent in fact beyond excellent, I am way impressed and never expected this CD to be so good!
1645;4;And at the same time with her group created the phenomenal sounds of the Mamas and the Papas!
1645;5;And at the same time with her group created the phenomenal sounds of the Mamas and the Papas!
1645;6;The laid-back tone is great for weekend play, whilst cleaning the house or writing checks to pay bills.
1645;7;I was very happy to see it on digital so I can play  it in the car.
1645;8;Baby boomers, in particular, love the Mamas & Papas :) The lyrics are clear and the depth and range of the music is wonderful.
1645;9;And at the same time with her group created the phenomenal sounds of the Mamas and the Papas!
1645;10;Always loved this group also.
1634;1;Strange in a way like that just feels so good...As for Gnarls Barkley, Dangermouse took an old, fat, goofy looking Cee-Lo Green, a man famous for not really being a rapper but not really being a crooner in the Goodie Mob, and made an album that is just zany enough and just fun enough to make you want to have it.
1634;2;"St. Elsewhere" has a wonderful slow trumpet line, sad and encouraging lyrics, and is great overall.
1634;3;While it is not the style that I expected, it is every bit as good in quality as I could have hoped for.
1634;4;He re-mixed work by local artists.
1634;5;He re-mixed work by local artists.
1634;6;He re-mixed work by local artists.
1634;7;The CD has the drive and power of Outkast plus the classic style and poetic lyrics of Isaac Hayes.
1634;8;"St. Elsewhere" has a wonderful slow trumpet line, sad and encouraging lyrics, and is great overall.
1634;9;It's a refreshing, fun album, with no really weak songs and quite a few that are really catchy.
1634;10;Here we see some more of their mutual love for the organ, but also a moment where the dynamic and passion of the album suffers very slightly for the sake of trying something different through sudden periodic mood shifts...10.)
1635;1;They have a style that is catchy enough to bring in fans that might not prefer the Metal edge yet still heavy enough to keep the Metal Heads happy.
1635;2;All in all this album is a great follow up to their debut.
1635;3;I was very skeptical about covering a good song like
1635;4;All in all this album is a great follow up to their debut.
1635;5;All in all this album is a great follow up to their debut.
1635;6;Far From Home- Second slow song, very good 8/10.
1635;7;I was so surprised and impressed at how well they covered this song, and I love the solo around 2:51, and Ivan of course delivers another strong and powerful melodic vocal performance, and last but not least, the final track "War is the Answer" is a heavy and crunchy album closer that boasts driving double bass pedal slamming, bone crunching riffs and a ripping solo, and all-out angry screaming vocals and lyrics.
1635;8;The album finishes out with the title track 'War is the Answer' and ends on an aggressive note...All in all this album is definitely a huge step forward for the group as they show signs of evolving into a stronger more mature band that isn't afraid to show every emotion.
1635;9;FFDP's first outing never struck me as anything particularly special - sure, there was some fun to be had in the hardcore, and you could tell that Ivan Moody has a special voice, but that was about it.
1635;10;It was only a matter of time before their albums went flying off shelves and&nbsp
1632;1;Everything on here is great except for "What's That You're Doing," and that's an awfully impressive amount of good outweighing the bad.
1632;2;Everything on here is great except for "What's That You're Doing," and that's an awfully impressive amount of good outweighing the bad.
1632;3;Everything on here is great except for "What's That You're Doing," and that's an awfully impressive amount of good outweighing the bad.
1632;4;And Tug of War is certainly one of his finer creations.
1632;5;The lesser know songs very worth listening to again, while reading the book, looking at the pictures, etc..
1632;6;While it's a catchy engaging number I like, it's more at home on a Stevie Wonder album.
1632;7;Heartfelt and sincere, it is good to hear Paul is finally performing this song on his Driving Rain tour.
1632;8;Everything on here is great except for "What's That You're Doing," and that's an awfully impressive amount of good outweighing the bad.
1632;9;It's another great story song with some of Mccartney's best piano playing since "Maybe I'm Amazed", "Let It Be" and "the Long and Winding Road"..."Ballroom Dancing" is a fun rocker, with a nod to the brawling Jerry Lee Lewis style kind of 1950's rock n roll.
1632;10;and you're looking for a post solo Beatle's album to get but you don't know where to start....and you love Paul McCartney.
1633;1;I was pleasantly surprised that when I bought the CD I not only will receive the CD but I had instant access through Amazons Cloud so I could start enjoying the music right away and I still get a CD also.
1633;2;Husband loves the old music.
1633;3;Simple, good folk songs - his music takes my mind off the stresses of current times and takes me to a simpler time and a sense of just relaxing into the landscape of the music.
1633;4;Husband loves the old music.
1633;5;Husband loves the old music.
1633;6;Husband loves the old music.
1633;7;I ordered this CD mostly to use in my car, and the sound quality is just as good as I remember the LP being.
1633;8;Husband loves the old music.
1633;9;Husband loves the old music.
1633;10;Husband loves the old music.
1638;1;They are still good at all the things they've always been good at - catchy songs that make you dance and sing along - but the lyrics are more mature.
1638;2;The album is pressed into really beautiful translucent ice blue vinyl, and you can't really see in the photo but it has a light marbling in it that is really unique for a translucent record.
1638;3;They are still good at all the things they've always been good at - catchy songs that make you dance and sing along - but the lyrics are more mature.
1638;4;They are still good at all the things they've always been good at - catchy songs that make you dance and sing along - but the lyrics are more mature.
1638;5;They are still good at all the things they've always been good at - catchy songs that make you dance and sing along - but the lyrics are more mature.
1638;6;And they still do that wonderful thing where they have an upbeat sounding song, paired with lyrics that house darker emotions.
1638;7;They are still good at all the things they've always been good at - catchy songs that make you dance and sing along - but the lyrics are more mature.
1638;8;And they still do that wonderful thing where they have an upbeat sounding song, paired with lyrics that house darker emotions.
1638;9;They are still good at all the things they've always been good at - catchy songs that make you dance and sing along - but the lyrics are more mature.
1638;10;I love it so much now, though Save Rock and Roll is still my favorite.
1639;1;I was not a fan of Rascal Flatts prior to a concert held at a Casino amphitheater, but I really enjoyed their performance that night so I decided to get their best songs and they are really good.
1639;2;I jam to their music on blue tooth speaker while I ride my bicycle.
1639;3;the hits and some we might have forgotten - almost all really good . . .
1639;4;If you are a Rascal Flats fan this is a must have!
1639;5;If you are a Rascal Flats fan this is a must have!
1639;6;If you are a Rascal Flats fan this is a must have!
1639;7;I keep this CD in my car for quick trips.
1639;8;If you are a Rascal Flats fan this is a must have!
1639;9;A lot of fun music on this album.
1639;10;I loved this greatest Hits CD.
1636;1;Every song on this cd is fantastic!
1636;2;I highly recommend this to everyone.
1636;3;The guys do a great job,and really sound good.
1636;4;I highly recommend this to everyone.
1636;5;I highly recommend this to everyone.
1636;6;Purchased Celtic Thunder It's Entertainment and enjoy listening to the C/D when traveling in car - also purchased Take Me Home - enjoy listening to both C/D's - would like to hear more celtic music on their C/D's - maybe the next one - I would recommend purchasing their C/D's - they are very talented - waiting for their next one to come out.
1636;7;Purchased Celtic Thunder It's Entertainment and enjoy listening to the C/D when traveling in car - also purchased Take Me Home - enjoy listening to both C/D's - would like to hear more celtic music on their C/D's - maybe the next one - I would recommend purchasing their C/D's - they are very talented - waiting for their next one to come out.
1636;8;I highly recommend this to everyone.
1636;9;There is a lot of fun put into this album with finding the right songs for each singer to be able to do a song and dance number to it
1636;10;Love how they mix modern, 60's music with the Celtic songs.
1637;1;If you enjoy fun rock and hard rock, I highly recommend KISS' "Dressed To Kill."
1637;2;The sad part is that it's a really great song, very catchy.
1637;3;The last one 'hotter than hell' was kiss slowed down and heavy but this was the band pretty much how they sounded live and that's a good thing.
1637;4;C'mon  And Love Me is probably the best song though, a really cool set of lyrics and great unforgettable music to match.
1637;5;Read on for my review of this and I'll tell you how this album meausures up:.
1637;6;The sound manages to be edgy but clean all the same...Gene's more slowed down groove rocker Two Timer is cool too, and Ladies In Waiting features some great lead work from Frehley.
1637;7;solid hard driven rock and roll
1637;8;C'mon  And Love Me is probably the best song though, a really cool set of lyrics and great unforgettable music to match.
1637;9;- having fun, the impact of rock and roll music on popular culture ("Rock and roll all nite").
1637;10;I listened to it over and over, not understanding the lyrics, but just loved it.
1659;1;His second one was okay and this third was very good.
1659;2;My favorite songs are the Intro, Stop Being Greedy, Damien, For My Dogs, Crime Story, N***** Done Started Something,How It's Going Down, and Let Me Fly... But really every song is worth replaying and there's a song for every mood you might be in and can definitely get you motivated when your working out or even having a bad day.
1659;3;His second one was okay and this third was very good.
1659;4;To me it's classic: 5-stars.
1659;5;Any fan of DMX should read the book E.A.R.L. because it talks about his background and it's really powerful.
1659;6;To me it's classic: 5-stars.
1659;7;I still have it in my car's cd player and I listen to it everytime i drive to school or work.
1659;8;This album is probably his most solid, but frankly he hasn't put out a bad album yet...I suppose the best place to begin is the lyrics.
1659;9;The "Ruff Ryders' Anthem" is an urban classic, with a raw sound and beat that still bangs in parties and clubs today.
1659;10;This is him before he got famous, laying out part 1 of his early years (part 2 would be "Flesh of my Blood")...Anyway, the bottom line is this CD has a couple of skits that don't need to be there and about 2 songs that are average
1658;1;Here they are again with a second, updated hits package, and not surprisingly it's very a good CD...This compilation spans 1983 until the present day, and like most hits compilations it includes two new tracks to make the CD more enticing to casual and long-term fans alike.
1658;2;In particular the remastered sound is excellent.
1658;3;Here they are again with a second, updated hits package, and not surprisingly it's very a good CD...This compilation spans 1983 until the present day, and like most hits compilations it includes two new tracks to make the CD more enticing to casual and long-term fans alike.
1658;4;In particular the remastered sound is excellent.
1658;5;As a single disc greatest hits already exists for the band, it would have been nice to have a double-disc set that also included strong tracks such as "The Walk" and "Beethoven" and "Don't Ask Me Why," among others...But let's focus on what is here.
1658;6;In particular the remastered sound is excellent.
1658;7;In particular the remastered sound is excellent.
1658;8;Great Album, wonderful VOICE, sweet lyrics and sound!
1658;9;The Ultimate Collection by The Eurythmics captures the essence of quality 80s hits of a synth pop and dance quality.
1658;10;This album showcases the best of their work including such fantastic hits as the hypnotic Love Is a Stranger, the melodic beat of Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This) and the vibey pop of Thorn in My Side.
1657;1;im happy pacaging was good .
1657;2;Really happy with my purchase!
1657;3;im happy pacaging was good .
1657;4;Really happy with my purchase!
1657;5;The story behind 21st Century Breakdown is focused on Gloria and Christian, two youngsters who deal with a disastrous, atrocious beginning of the new century and how they cope with the millennium changes.
1657;6;Really happy with my purchase!
1657;7;Well here I am and this is great stuff...My 18 month old daughter even likes it, I was playing it in the car while I was driving around with her last weekend.
1657;8;Billie Joe's lyrics are absolute gold.
1657;9;While not as all-out fun as the overall in-yer-face we got with American Idiot, I see a great deal of thought went into pretty much every facet of this release.
1657;10;if you love the band and this record like me.
1656;1;Arrived on time in good condition and I am truly enjoying listening to it.
1656;2;Lionel Ritchie is a legend and this cd is real laid back and easy going.
1656;3;Quick delivery and good price
1656;4;Lionel Ritchie is a legend and this cd is real laid back and easy going.
1656;5;Lionel Ritchie is a legend and this cd is real laid back and easy going.
1656;6;Lionel Ritchie is a legend and this cd is real laid back and easy going.
1656;7;The album is great as background music for entertaining or for driving.
1656;8;Lionel Ritchie is a legend and this cd is real laid back and easy going.
1656;9;Starting with 'Dancing on the Ceailing', I was first introduced to the great Lionel Richie.
1656;10;I love listening to it on my way into work!
1663;1;Good track...Evening Star-Feel good,"happy" romantic rock,that was unbielevably the album's single(!)
1663;2;Just because it's fast or long or loud, doesn't make it great...This was Judas Priest's 2nd great album (the first being Sad Wings of Destiny) and is definitely one of the highest points in their long career.
1663;3;This album is very similar to stain class, all the songs are very good.
1663;4;"Take on the World" gives drummers a workout and the audience an anthem to cheer to.
1663;5;Although there is not any amazing song as "beyond the realms of death", I consider this album as a very solid work.
1663;6;Although there is not any amazing song as "beyond the realms of death", I consider this album as a very solid work.
1663;7;It has a driving opening guitar riff and gets into an excellent track that is some great rockin'.
1663;8;The lyrics are also more down to earth and the leather image is  making it's impact on the crowd.
1663;9;If this song doesn't stick out to you as one of the best Priest songs, nothing will...Another great track is The Green Manalishi, which is another fun and catchy track that showcases Halford's talent.
1663;10;I always loved the slow distant & faraway sound @ the beginning & the middle of this tune.
1662;1;That's the fun and technical skill is superior enough so that what could simply be Dirrty (lol) is instead creative and controlled.
1662;2;In fact, unlike others who need a "cuss word" or two to supply a shock, Prince's songs are enhanced by a zinger here or there.
1662;3;Diamonds and Pearls is a good early 90s NPG album but pails in comparison to Symbol, honestly.
1662;4;In fact, unlike others who need a "cuss word" or two to supply a shock, Prince's songs are enhanced by a zinger here or there.
1662;5;In fact, unlike others who need a "cuss word" or two to supply a shock, Prince's songs are enhanced by a zinger here or there.
1662;6;In fact, unlike others who need a "cuss word" or two to supply a shock, Prince's songs are enhanced by a zinger here or there.
1662;7;Part braggadocio, part affirmation that he's one to be reckoned with, and part reflections on being a star:  "big cars and women and fancy clothes/will save your face, but it won't save your soul."
1662;8;With beautiful songs like 7 (a single that I witnessed a mother buying for her 10 year old son...now how often would u have had that happen back in the day with prince's lyrics?)
1662;9;"The Continental" is analogous to this album's "U Gotta The Love," with the grinding guitar and a heckuva party atmosphere.
1662;10;"Love 2 the 9's" has him dealing with jazz and blending it with hip-hop.
1661;1;If you like music (And I assume you do as your looking at this) you will enjoy this.
1661;2;There are a number of quieter songs, the thoughtful Love Over Gold, a sad and insightful Private Investigations, then Brothers In Arms and Your Latest Trick really slow things down, but it's still some of the best rock around.
1661;3;a Very good Cd/s i never knew they had so many good songs especially telegraph road i would highly recomend this for Dire straits fans
1661;4;This has all his best, plus some I have not heard before.
1661;5;This has all his best, plus some I have not heard before.
1661;6;Going Home (so muscular and triumphant!)
1661;7;This will be going on our next road trip for sure - I buy both CD's and MP3's depending on the price.
1661;8;Clever lyrics, great tunes, beautiful voices...Cheerful, sing-along-at-the-top-of-your-lungs music...Makes you feel young again music...Great quality recording from a group that should still be recording.
1661;9;This has all his best, plus some I have not heard before.
1661;10;Classics from my youth, who could not enjoy listening to these guys...I love their music.
1660;1;Put simply, if you enjoyed anything else Dio has done, you will enjoy this too...Put simply The Last In Line is a fantastic album, up there with the very best Dio material and well worth buying if you haven't already.
1660;2;By the 80's he was laying down fine cd's like this one, and there isn't a bad song on this one.
1660;3;I don't care if your favorite band is Cannibal Corpse, you've gotta have good roots in your metal music.
1660;4;Breathless and One Night In The City are both incredible and the album closer is the epic Egypt The Chains Are On.
1660;5;Breathless and One Night In The City are both incredible and the album closer is the epic Egypt The Chains Are On.
1660;6;Very fine, clean and detailed sound, but just a tad bright.
1660;7;Breathless and One Night In The City are both incredible and the album closer is the epic Egypt The Chains Are On.
1660;8;By the 80's he was laying down fine cd's like this one, and there isn't a bad song on this one.
1660;9;Breathless and One Night In The City are both incredible and the album closer is the epic Egypt The Chains Are On.
1660;10;I would love to see in concert before he pass.
1651;1;Finally, "Take a Little Ride with You," is a good country song about enjoying the open road in your pickup and your woman...Take advantage of an opportunity to take a mini-break from the freezing temperatures, buy this CD, and put it on play.
1651;2;Full of good music, and a bargain to boot.
1651;3;Full of good music, and a bargain to boot.
1651;4;Full of good music, and a bargain to boot.
1651;5;Full of good music, and a bargain to boot.
1651;6;They are great for the car or cleaning house.
1651;7;They are great for the car or cleaning house.
1651;8;She's singing a romantic love lyric.
1651;9;"Roar" is a fun pop song.
1651;10;She's singing a romantic love lyric.
1650;1;He's good at what he does, and I commend him for it), and fantastic playing from the band.
1650;2;Happy, sad, contemplative or angry, this music always fits my mood...In short, this CD brought back the love of "alternative" music I had back in high school, and encouraged me to check out other new bands as well.
1650;3;If you have only heard the band's later work, it may take a good few listens to adjust to the style and production, but ensure that you give it a good few listens, you'll be well rewarded...Highlight moments include the amazing concert favourite title track `In Keeping Secrets of Silent Earth: 3,' which at eight minutes in length is still one of Coheed's most impressive songs to date.
1650;4;The riff in this is fantastic
1650;5;I bought the album and read through the lyrics before I ever listened to the album and found myself in love.
1650;6;What a way to end a three parter...A favor house atlantic:  It's good, and a fan favorite too.
1650;7;I bought the album the day of its release, drove home, sat on my bed and popped it in.
1650;8;I bought the album and read through the lyrics before I ever listened to the album and found myself in love.
1650;9;The single is a catchy fun and unforgettable song for sure, but to capture the true essence and brilliance of this CD, you need to listen to the entire album from beginning to end as it will break your heart and make you seriously think about rocking and the current state of everything around you...I can't say enough great stuff about this band.
1650;10;Having all CO&CA albums, I have always loved them since I was 10, plus, I have seen a couple live performances.
1649;1;Along with her Incognito work, I've enjoyed many of her solo recordings.
1649;2;Listeners who enjoyed the artistic approaches made in 2011's enjoyable Motions of Love will find Blue to be its just-as-confident counterpart.
1649;3;This is my first Maysa CD and I hope her older ones are just as good as this one is, because this one is amazing!!
1649;4;Oh yeah - 3 words to make the  20 required for a review.
1649;5;Oh yeah - 3 words to make the  20 required for a review.
1649;6;Oh yeah - 3 words to make the  20 required for a review.
1649;7;Oh yeah - 3 words to make the  20 required for a review.
1649;8;"Sophisticated Lover" finds Maysa half talking the lyrics in a jazzy rap type style on a wonderful chill groove reminiscent of Paul Hardcastle's latest work.
1649;9;Oh yeah - 3 words to make the  20 required for a review.
1649;10;I love every track on it.
1648;1;The second half sounds very happy and fun, sort of like the very end of Sound Chaser and it's playfulness with the "la la la's" although there are no "la's" here.
1648;2;So many parts of this are pure Buggles- and to me, that is not a bad thing...BTY, I do like this Album very much- Trevor Horn's production is terrific, a beautiful balance of talent and restraint.
1648;3;A good sign for me is that I immediately had to replay the CD to listen again...original and unpredictable at times, cohesive presentation, sounds like NEW YES with OLD YES...beautiful album, nice addition with bonus DVD!
1648;4;Tracks 1, 5 and a favorite of mine Hour of Need which has a beautiful And You I feel...The record... "Sink or Swim"?
1648;5;The music is awesome and focused....
1648;6;The music is angular and powerful, the recording is clean and vibrant, without the bombast they typically get accused of.
1648;7;Nice driving bass, original guitar work, unlike anything I hear anyone doing these days, and the keyboards are just the right tones to fill it out nicely.
1648;8;I think the primary reason for this is that there are numerous dichotomies between the album and the litany of listener expectations and emotions.
1648;9;The second half sounds very happy and fun, sort of like the very end of Sound Chaser and it's playfulness with the "la la la's" although there are no "la's" here.
1648;10;Coupled with THE Yes guitarist, Steve Howe (who truly makes this album special), and the solid playing of Chris Squire and Alan White, FFH is a joy to behold, because it's the first album I can truly sounds like the band I've loved since I was 12 (OK, I'll date myself here, that was in 1973).
1655;1;I especially enjoyed the rather lengthy, but glamorous, introduction to Lou's entrance to sing "Sweet Jane".
1655;2;And he was able to accomplish this with a live album that still sets the standard for what a "live" album should be: big, bad and dangerous to the ears.
1655;3;Good songs made excellent via gutty guitar work.
1655;4;Great opening jam to Sweet Jane.
1655;5;Great opening jam to Sweet Jane.
1655;6;Great opening jam to Sweet Jane.
1655;7;I like the studio "Rock & Roll" a lot, but this live version is something else, with an authentic rhythm guitar solo, fret-crushing and funky, along with the usual awesome lead, and this song is most about driving rhythmic pleasure, as much as you'll ever experience.
1655;8;And he was able to accomplish this with a live album that still sets the standard for what a "live" album should be: big, bad and dangerous to the ears.
1655;9;Rock N Roll Animal carries such great memories from college, when it was always the record of choice at those small to medium-sized parties in the "living room" at the top of the spiral staircase of the dorm in which I was the RA during my senior year.
1655;10;and have re-discovered it - gift to relatives in eastern Europe who didn't know of Lou Reed before, and they love it too.
1654;1;For me it's all about the album tracks, and these are fantastic.
1654;2;This is a great album by a great singer, one note it really is too bad Whitney can't write her own material because she has the greatest voice I have ever heard.
1654;3;A good way to remember and keep your own vocal cords singing away.
1654;4;The other songs (Just the lonely talking again, Where are you, Love is a contact sport, You're still my man, For the love of you) are all brilliant...Following an encouraging debut album featuring several hits including Saving all my love for you, I was really impressed by this album and had high hopes of a bright future that (from my perspective) never materialized although there were occasional great moments.
1654;5;And wow, how I can remember her with the music on this album!
1654;6;And wow, how I can remember her with the music on this album!
1654;7;"Love is a contact sport" with it's catchy main section and driving chorus is vastly overlooked.
1654;8;Perfect melodies, lyrics and hooks that would compliment her voice that would just take you sailing in your mind with those notes, background fills and the powerful finishes that would captivate and make you appreciate what I felt was the best that the business had at that time.
1654;9;"I Wanna Dance with Somebody" both made the airwaves sizzle and got people up and dancing on the dance floor
1654;10;"For the Love of You-very romantic.
1653;1;And after hearing this, I have high expectations for Break the Spell and I've heard most of the debut which is very good so far, as well.
1653;2;Amazing cd, I listen to the cd constantly, there are no bad songs on the record, all of them are good, I strongly recommend this cd to music lovers, I'm a fan for life.
1653;3;Amazing cd, I listen to the cd constantly, there are no bad songs on the record, all of them are good, I strongly recommend this cd to music lovers, I'm a fan for life.
1653;4;A very excellent choice as a single!
1653;5;A very excellent choice as a single!
1653;6;Best of all
1653;7;A midtempo track with solid lyrics and an emotionally driven delivery...7.
1653;8;I love the opening guitar, his voice tone in this song specifically, the lyrics within the chorus (and the rest of it, but mainly the chorus), and just the song.
1653;9;Fun to rock out to!
1653;10;I love the opening guitar, his voice tone in this song specifically, the lyrics within the chorus (and the rest of it, but mainly the chorus), and just the song.
1652;1;I just hope you enjoy it as much as I have.
1652;2;Was given as a gift.
1652;3;So many songs for the price of a single album... And they are all so good!
1652;4;Was given as a gift.
1652;5;Was given as a gift.
1652;6;Was given as a gift.
1652;7;In an interview with Rolling Stone earlier in the year Win Butler stated that traveling to Haiti had a strong influence on the album's sound and I find it rather enjoyable.
1652;8;This one has a very dancy vibe to it, but the lyrics and the message behind the songs are generally great.
1652;9;The dance beat and the U2 Achtung-Baby-esque guitars are amazing and catchy.
1652;10;I bought this for my husband who loves it.
1608;1;But he achieved something important: he spread swing to all corners of the world, and to all ages, with his populist, happy, and fun style.
1608;2;"In the Mood," the infectious dance piece and probably the most recognizable big band melody ever, leads off this collection.
1608;3;Glenn's music is timeless and still sounds so good.
1608;4;"In the Mood," the infectious dance piece and probably the most recognizable big band melody ever, leads off this collection.
1608;5;"In the Mood," the infectious dance piece and probably the most recognizable big band melody ever, leads off this collection.
1608;6;They said it is nice background music while they are doing things around the house.
1608;7;We love this disc and play it quite often while traveling.
1608;8;"In the Mood," the infectious dance piece and probably the most recognizable big band melody ever, leads off this collection.
1608;9;"In the Mood," the infectious dance piece and probably the most recognizable big band melody ever, leads off this collection.
1608;10;Everybody knows this piece, and everybody loves it.
1609;1;brought back so many good memories.
1609;2;Charley Wilson is Bad  He is  the best thing that ever happen to the music Bus.....
1609;3;brought back so many good memories.
1609;4;I absolutely love this cd.
1609;5;I absolutely love this cd.
1609;6;I absolutely love this cd.
1609;7;Great driving music  5 star!
1609;8;Charley Wilson is Bad  He is  the best thing that ever happen to the music Bus.....
1609;9;Just had to.get up and dance when you heard their music!
1609;10;I absolutely love this cd.
1610;1;Just a great album from a fantastic artist original album great every song a highlight the live disc almost as good great package love it
1610;2;"Lucinda Williams" bursts with emotion, from the realizations of "I Just Wanted to See You So Bad" and "Passionate Kisses" (a hit single for Mary-Chapin Carpenter) to the intimate introspection and naked self-awareness of "Am I Too Blue" and "Side of the Road."
1610;3;The second disc here is a pleasant surprise--much better performances than I remember...The package also has good liner notes and essays, although no one mentions that she got her album back because of Rough Trade's bankruptcy and failure to pay royalties
1610;4;The songs are a bit pop-y but it's amazing how many really excellent tracks are on it.
1610;5;The songs are a bit pop-y but it's amazing how many really excellent tracks are on it.
1610;6;The songs are a bit pop-y but it's amazing how many really excellent tracks are on it.
1610;7;He had this tape in his car and I was hooked after the first time he popped it in.
1610;8;"Lucinda Williams" bursts with emotion, from the realizations of "I Just Wanted to See You So Bad" and "Passionate Kisses" (a hit single for Mary-Chapin Carpenter) to the intimate introspection and naked self-awareness of "Am I Too Blue" and "Side of the Road."
1610;9;The songs are a bit pop-y but it's amazing how many really excellent tracks are on it.
1610;10;For whatever this is worth, I love disco, punk, and soul music, yet this woman is one of my favorite artists EVER.
1611;1;He started to slide after the second album (the fantastic I Robot) and hit bottom with his fifth (the boring Turn of a Friendly Card).
1611;2;He rebounded nicely with this, one of two best CD's.
1611;3;Project is a very good name for this "group".
1611;4;He rebounded nicely with this, one of two best CD's.
1611;5;The theme of this album focuses on government control and how it affects our lives.
1611;6;He rebounded nicely with this, one of two best CD's.
1611;7;There's also the elegant vocal texturing of GEMINI, the driving choral strength of CHILDREN OF THE MOON and the touching melancholy of OLD AND WISE.
1611;8;This is very listenable, great voices, melody, lyrics.
1611;9;He rebounded nicely with this, one of two best CD's.
1611;10;I still love the music from this master.
1612;1;It has all the best known hits that were played on the radio, and a few very good songs that didn't make it to the airwaves.
1612;2;The CD got here really fast, and it was every thing I remember it was.
1612;3;It has all the best known hits that were played on the radio, and a few very good songs that didn't make it to the airwaves.
1612;4;The CD got here really fast, and it was every thing I remember it was.
1612;5;The CD got here really fast, and it was every thing I remember it was.
1612;6;The CD got here really fast, and it was every thing I remember it was.
1612;7;Great collection the perfect album to blast while driving
1612;8;The CD got here really fast, and it was every thing I remember it was.
1612;9;The CD got here really fast, and it was every thing I remember it was.
1612;10;My 23 year old son loves it, too.
1613;1;Something different, something fun and something to enjoy for the season.
1613;2;Both are Atlantic Records artists.
1613;3;Imaging is spectacular on my system, with lots of apparent depth and good use of panning on some of the songs.
1613;4;Both are Atlantic Records artists.
1613;5;Both are Atlantic Records artists.
1613;6;Last year's release of "Holiday Spirits" was a favorite in our house and was played over and over and over.
1613;7;Both are Atlantic Records artists.
1613;8;Other stand out songs include "We Three Kings" which is performed to the melody of "Mission Impossible," the fantastic Vince Guaraldi tune "Christmastime is Here," the always pleasing "I'll be Home for Christmas," a funky version of "Let it Snow" listeners won't recognize, and a great version of "You're a Mean One Mr. Grinch" which allows the bass singers to finally sing... lyrics.
1613;9;Some songs are fun and light and make you laugh.
1613;10;This is a Christmas CD for everyone, the young will love the fun songs and the traditional songs are there for everyone.
1614;1;The lyrics are thoughtful and powerful hoping to perhaps , make people open their eyes to what should be obvious as to what is hurting our human race and what is possible from the good in people.
1614;2;Some beautiful, softer stuff which builds to climaxes.
1614;3;The lyrics are thoughtful and powerful hoping to perhaps , make people open their eyes to what should be obvious as to what is hurting our human race and what is possible from the good in people.
1614;4;Some beautiful, softer stuff which builds to climaxes.
1614;5;Extra, extra, read all about it - Jeff's got some things on his mind and two clever colleagues to help him deliver the message.
1614;6;Some beautiful, softer stuff which builds to climaxes.
1614;7;I got the CD in the car and all I can say is WOW.
1614;8;The lyrics are thoughtful and powerful hoping to perhaps , make people open their eyes to what should be obvious as to what is hurting our human race and what is possible from the good in people.
1614;9;Also fun how Beck has created such a cool recording this late in his career.
1614;10;Excellent album that took a few listens to, but now Im consumed with its innovative edginess... Man I love it when a older guy like Beck blows away youngsters with creativity... Get this one after a couple spins with some good gear you'll say hell yeah too.
1615;1;good music, all the old hits are here, nightswimming is a good mellow track that i enjoyed alot as well.
1615;2;The highlights of the album are definitely the two bonus new tracks, "Bad Day" and "Animal", which are both very punchy and lively, along with "The Great Beyond" which has very interesting lyrics, (like all of them), the up beat "Orange Crush", and the three very well known hits : "Losing My Religion", "Everybody Hurts", which is very moving, and "Imitation of Life" which is gentle and uplifting.
1615;3;It opens with the calm but powerful hit "Man On The Moon", and if you like that song, then that is a good basis for buying the album, as all the songs are as good if not better than the previous one.
1615;4;A few years ago, my daughter recommended several CDs by artists that she thought I might enjoy.
1615;5;I find the lyrics of all these songs very original and interesting, and I really enjoy the bands musical style...Ive read some of the arguments about whether In Time: The Best of R.E.M., 1988-2003 really includes the best of R.E.M. at the expense of other, better songs.
1615;6;A few years ago, my daughter recommended several CDs by artists that she thought I might enjoy.
1615;7;As a collection then, it hangs together extremely well, drives with the urgency that was their hallmark and reminds you what a dynamic presence and welcome harbinger they were in their prime.
1615;8;The highlights of the album are definitely the two bonus new tracks, "Bad Day" and "Animal", which are both very punchy and lively, along with "The Great Beyond" which has very interesting lyrics, (like all of them), the up beat "Orange Crush", and the three very well known hits : "Losing My Religion", "Everybody Hurts", which is very moving, and "Imitation of Life" which is gentle and uplifting.
1615;9;The cd ranges from mellow and sweet (Reno, At My Most Beautiful), to the fun and wacky (Stand, Sidewinder), and there is such a diversity here that can appeal to everyone.
1615;10;(She and I have always shared a love of music.)
1600;1;Waters mixes equal parts old Floyd material and his solo material, which is equally good if perhaps a bit more political in nature.
1600;2;I found the "Pulse" concert (laserdisc version - crisp and clear audio and video) to be damn near perfect.
1600;3;Waters mixes equal parts old Floyd material and his solo material, which is equally good if perhaps a bit more political in nature.
1600;4;I found the "Pulse" concert (laserdisc version - crisp and clear audio and video) to be damn near perfect.
1600;5;I found the "Pulse" concert (laserdisc version - crisp and clear audio and video) to be damn near perfect.
1600;6;The Floyd songs cook and Waters' solo stuff is superb.
1600;7;I found the "Pulse" concert (laserdisc version - crisp and clear audio and video) to be damn near perfect.
1600;8;Roger Waters is quite superb with his brand of music and lyrics.
1600;9;Not a flashy stage show like Pink Floyd, but Roger Waters are skilled musicians and it looks like they are having fun.
1600;10;If you are slightly a Pink Floyd fan, then you will be a much bigger fan after watching this a couple of times, and I have watched it many times and I love it.
1601;1;holy mountains 11/10 now this is a realli good song has so much too it its emotional and haunting and rivals mettalica(when they where good) for epic song writing you can hear the emotion in serjs voice as he sing and the crys of LIAR KILLER DEMON have some kinda of demonic voice in the background one of the best on the album.
1601;2;Retaining every bit of unrestrained fury and unmatched personality of that landmark release, Hypnotize also does what Mezmerize could not
1601;3;After Mesmerize, It's surprising for SOAD to drop an album that's just as good.
1601;4;Retaining every bit of unrestrained fury and unmatched personality of that landmark release, Hypnotize also does what Mezmerize could not
1601;5;Retaining every bit of unrestrained fury and unmatched personality of that landmark release, Hypnotize also does what Mezmerize could not
1601;6;Retaining every bit of unrestrained fury and unmatched personality of that landmark release, Hypnotize also does what Mezmerize could not
1601;7;I will always have a place in my heart for the self-titled, it was my favorite album for a long time and I don't think they'll be able to top it in my book... but I would rather they change and continue to become a different band that makes more cds that are great in their own unique way than drive the same formula into the ground repeatedly until I stop liking them altogether.
1601;8;You get their unique sound, great lyrics and vocals and as much passion as on all their other albums.
1601;9;They are able to maintain their sillyness, sometimes even irony, which they do a great job to show their fun side.
1601;10;Gotta love this album and Mesmerize!
1602;1;This is followed by the fantastic Hollywood Tonight, which features Michael's signature mouth instrumentations, a song about broken dreams of making it big in Hollywood, a topic rarely covered by Michael in the past.
1602;2;The producers did a great job on this and as they said they had a blue print from Michael.
1602;3;One of the best songs on this album, the part at the beginning with MJ talking to some recorder is a nice touch, and the song is a breezy, calm song which makes you want to kick back, and relax.
1602;4;Best of Joy is another sweet ballad.
1602;5;One redeeming quality of the record is the fact that the focus is not on Michael's personal life and his invasion of privacy (except for "Breaking News").
1602;6;"Word of Mouth" will take "Michael" into the homes and hearts of millions of people all over the world
1602;7;Best of Joy is another sweet ballad.
1602;8;yes, it's so sad he's not here, but anything with him in it is worth 100 stars!!
1602;9;The song is an uplifting anthem about friendship and love.
1602;10;The song is an uplifting anthem about friendship and love.
1603;1;I really enjoy listening to britney Spears and her beautiful voice all the songs are awesome I am very happy with it.
1603;2;Trip to Your Heart is a feel good song and I really don't have anything bad to say about any of the songs on this album.
1603;3;Trip to Your Heart is a feel good song and I really don't have anything bad to say about any of the songs on this album.
1603;4;I recommend this if you need some upbeat songs in your ipod to hit the gym or have some driving fun!
1603;5;Femme Fatale offers lovers of dance, techno, and pop music alike something unique.
1603;6;It sounds at home on Madonna's "American Life" album yet it also fits perfectly here.
1603;7;I recommend this if you need some upbeat songs in your ipod to hit the gym or have some driving fun!
1603;8;The songs convey authentic emotions, and adult listeners will be able to identify with the lyrics' themes.
1603;9;It is a fun album to work out to or dance to...I wish she had more lyric input, but she usually writes her ballads...and this album doesn't have any slow pace songs.
1603;10;masturbation and sex rolled into a bitchin brit classic MUST be a single...How I roll 10/10 one of brits faves awesome bass fun lyrics and I love how she says "u can b my f*** tonight".
1604;1;The rollicking good fun continues with "Joe The Lion."
1604;2;I developed a fantasy that Bowie and I were going through the same pain.
1604;3;Oh, hehe, the instrumentals are quite good as well.
1604;4;and the match is perfect - the two sides complement one another in a way you would not expect.
1604;5;and the match is perfect - the two sides complement one another in a way you would not expect.
1604;6;l pulled away from my friends and stayed at home, listening to this album.
1604;7;I love the sax and the driving beat of V2 Schneider and Bowie's voice intoning the title.
1604;8;And of course we all know the gorgeous lyrics that the title track possesses.
1604;9;It slinks along like some wonderfully black glittery party.
1604;10;Just couple of the fantastic snippets that pop up include:.
1605;1;I do wish there were more songs with Sonny but still I enjoy listening to these recordings.
1605;2;She sounds almost in pain when she sings this song, but it's still amazing.
1605;3;Very good collection of hits.
1605;4;Cher has continued to be one of music's most recognizable voices ever since she hit the scene over 30 years ago.
1605;5;This collection includes a wide range of Cher's commercial hits, focusing on the Geffen recordings (1987 - 1991): "If I Could Turn Back Time," "I Found Someone," "Love and Understanding," etc.
1605;6;"We All Sleep Alone" gets a most passionate treatment from Cher
1605;7;love this CD I have been taking it with me when I go to work to listen to while driving.
1605;8;"Half-Breed" lets Cher have yet another opportunity to open up and let out her emotions as she sings this faultlessly
1605;9;"We All Sleep Alone" gets a most passionate treatment from Cher
1605;10;I repeated the first song a couple times on purpose because of the beat it had...love it!
1606;1;The singles are all fantastic songs, I especially like the raw emotion of 45, but the rest of the album really delivers.
1606;2;Shinedown doesn't make any bones about the fact that bad stuff happens in life, and on this record they are their most honest about pain, suffering, and crippling reality...This was a very popular Hard Rock album, and I think it was sheer quality that drove it to platinum status a few years ago.
1606;3;Shinedown doesn't make any bones about the fact that bad stuff happens in life, and on this record they are their most honest about pain, suffering, and crippling reality...This was a very popular Hard Rock album, and I think it was sheer quality that drove it to platinum status a few years ago.
1606;4;I got this CD at a recommendation from a friend for when I do my workouts...I have not looked back or regretted it one bit!
1606;5;Right off the bat, this album is fantastic.
1606;6;Right off the bat, this album is fantastic.
1606;7;Shinedown doesn't make any bones about the fact that bad stuff happens in life, and on this record they are their most honest about pain, suffering, and crippling reality...This was a very popular Hard Rock album, and I think it was sheer quality that drove it to platinum status a few years ago.
1606;8;Shinedown doesn't make any bones about the fact that bad stuff happens in life, and on this record they are their most honest about pain, suffering, and crippling reality...This was a very popular Hard Rock album, and I think it was sheer quality that drove it to platinum status a few years ago.
1606;9;Right off the bat, this album is fantastic.
1606;10;Very strong effort from Shinedown...If you like any of the singles or like Shinedown's second album, you will love this album.
1607;1;This is a true classic hip hop album, with solid beats, great mc's good songs and good times....i have definately enjoyed this release more than a dozen times, and i'm sure i will continue to enjoy it.
1607;2;First, it surprised me to  no end that such pure message made it onto a record, and secondly, it  surprised me that a hip-hop public more attuned to songs about champagne,  big screen TVs, and bad comments about women went ahead and bought it!
1607;3;Both rappers are really good and both remind me of Common.
1607;4;It's the smoothest stuff I've heard in a while.
1607;5;I'd give a list of the album's highlights, but you can just read the track listing because they're all great.
1607;6;It is borderline mainstream but also alternative hip-hop although not entirely experimental
1607;7;minds that had something to say.no jive time  sampling or the clothes they have and many cars they drive.this is what  real rap is supposed to be about.i feel this duo can be tight for a  long,long time.very impressive debut and i was feeling it.very much needed  words&music.
1607;8;It has everything you could want in a rap album - head-nodding beats, intelligent & insightful lyrics, and talented MC's whose flows hit the mark every time.
1607;9;To write a review for this album in 2004 doesn't make a whole lot of sense but seeing as there is very little that impresses me in today's rap game it's much more positive to praise the classics than rip up the current garbage (although ripping albums to shreds is a lot more fun)...I was a huge Rawkus fan until they got all shady with their artists.
1607;10;get this and love it.
1625;1;River - 5/5 I love Joni Mitchell's original and I'm happy that Idina covered it.
1625;2;A very pretty yet haunting version of the song.
1625;3;A good peppy song after the slower songs.
1625;4;A very pretty yet haunting version of the song.
1625;5;A very pretty yet haunting version of the song.
1625;6;Arrangements range from contemporary pop ballad styles such as "The Christmas Song" that would feel at home on Celine Dion's Christmas album from 1998 to more classic and timeless arrangements such as "All I Want For Christmas Is You" and "December Prayer," the album's sole original, co-written by Idina.
1625;7;Quintessential Christmas song with jingle bells jingling...This is a great album to listen to while doing any sort of Christmas activity-putting up your Christmas tree, wrapping presents, sitting by the fireplace, in the car, etc..
1625;8;A very pretty yet haunting version of the song.
1625;9;Sound engineering and orchestration are both superb, and the musical styles are varied and fun while staying in the "pops" range.
1625;10;River - 5/5 I love Joni Mitchell's original and I'm happy that Idina covered it.
1624;1;It is a classic, not only because of its content, but because without it, the "horn explosion" of 1969 would never have been possible, featuring such bands as Chicago (in their original, pumped-up incarnation), The Flock (a fantastic, very overlooked band) and....you guessed it, the multi-grammy-winning Blood, Sweat and Tears, featuring David Clayton Thomas.
1624;2;Al Kooper was a prominent songwriter, singer, keyboard player, bandleader and musical visionary of the 60s and early 70s whose career was fragmented by his unwillingness or inability to coalesce with a steady group of bandmates and to unite his musical vision with other leaders of equal caliber.
1624;3;A very good buddy of mine and I were talking yesterday.
1624;4;Al Kooper was a prominent songwriter, singer, keyboard player, bandleader and musical visionary of the 60s and early 70s whose career was fragmented by his unwillingness or inability to coalesce with a steady group of bandmates and to unite his musical vision with other leaders of equal caliber.
1624;5;I've read the various reviews here on Amazon, so I put alittle of my own "spice" to add the conversation.
1624;6;The horns, guitars, organ, drums have a real clean and solid punch to them.
1624;7;Let's face it, that picture is a trip.
1624;8;Fantastic lyrics and vocal melody, melodic and bluesy guitar solos, jazzy piano work in the middle, and wonderful (though brief) saxophone work near the end.
1624;9;In fact, some are a lot of fun.
1624;10;, "Somethin' Goin' On" (great brassy blues and soulful vocal by Al), "So Much Love" (written by Carole King), and "Refugee from Yuhupitz" (#13, a jazz instrumental bonus track written by Al).
1627;1;It is fun and sassy and really put you in a good mood.
1627;2;It reminds me a lot of family gatherings from my youth.
1627;3;It is fun and sassy and really put you in a good mood.
1627;4;It reminds me a lot of family gatherings from my youth.
1627;5;It reminds me a lot of family gatherings from my youth.
1627;6;I love country, and it's about time country meets rock and roll, and the pistol Annie's rock the house country style big time.
1627;7;Their vocals are terrific and this is a great CD to put on whether you're driving or making dinner.
1627;8;If you are looking for some fun and you like your music with a little bit of tongue-in-cheek lyrics, this is your album.
1627;9;If you are looking for some fun and you like your music with a little bit of tongue-in-cheek lyrics, this is your album.
1627;10;I pre-otdered it because I loved their first CD.Am a big Miranda fan,and now,also an Ashley Monroe fan.
1626;1;But any good hard core fan can enjoy anything an artist puts out and like all the songs from every single album instead of playing favorites with the older ones and putting down the newer ones.
1626;2;Side note: I definitely recommend buying this, However it is a good thing you don't pay extra for the DVD because it is terrible: Summary - it is about 27 minutes of flashing images of MM, his band mates, and 2 girls tied together by latex outfits, with MM saying the same words over, and over, and over again...its bad, very bad, and he has the gull to call it a film, a piece of artwork.
1626;3;Side note: I definitely recommend buying this, However it is a good thing you don't pay extra for the DVD because it is terrible: Summary - it is about 27 minutes of flashing images of MM, his band mates, and 2 girls tied together by latex outfits, with MM saying the same words over, and over, and over again...its bad, very bad, and he has the gull to call it a film, a piece of artwork.
1626;4;Perfect way to end a great album.
1626;5;Witty and rythmic, he made a believer out of me...Of course, if you're reading this, you probably know exactly how good this album is.
1626;6;Perfect way to end a great album.
1626;7;this album is a strange trip into a very strange, but addictively entertaining world.
1626;8;mOBSCENE:  The obvious, first single for the album, nevertheless, great lyrics, and great riffs.
1626;9;It is still clearly Marilyn Manson, but it's quite fun, head-bobbing and amusing to listen to...The record fits best in the mood of a seedy bar or club, where it would promote the atmosphere while adding an uncommon dark tinge.
1626;10;I also loved the position the album was centered in, sort of like Old World War II era Germany if I remember correctly.
1629;1;I thought Deths last cd Endgame was pretty good, but it did not blow me away....I got this CD without high expectations, but WOW, what a fantastic outing...This is a new, instant favorite with me, reminiscent to Rust and Peace Sells....I can honestly say I enjoy just about every track on this CD.
1629;2;Dave seems to be well aware of all the evil sublimanal messeges and negative messeges in the lyrics of most popular bands, and this is one of the reasons I believe that he has for keeping his lyrics non-harmful.
1629;3;It's a very personal song for Dave and an epic conclusion to his journey in Metal, a lot has been said about this song (most of it positive) and I think it's one of the best things Megadeth did...I don't have anything bad to say about TH1RT3EN, it's a good Megadeth album and there's something for every fan here.
1629;4;This disc is proof positive.
1629;5;well you already know...  As for the idea of completing demos to add to perhaps get the track total up to Thirteen to correspond with the title I read into the reviews.
1629;6;Got this the day it came out (well I got charged that day anyway, it took Amazon over a week to actually get it to my house.
1629;7;I bought the CD in store yesterday and played it in full blast in my car stereo.
1629;8;Dave seems to be well aware of all the evil sublimanal messeges and negative messeges in the lyrics of most popular bands, and this is one of the reasons I believe that he has for keeping his lyrics non-harmful.
1629;9;Wrecker - Misogynistic, but fun!
1629;10;I absolutely love this disc !
1628;1;But any ways fantastic band and my favorite album by them but their all good.
1628;2;That said, the other ten songs are equally important to this album's success, rendering it among the most influencial pieces of music ever and spawning a large part of the nu-metal scene (with some truly horrendous acts) and superb bands and musicians, including Pain of Salvation and Devin Townsend...With that noted, if you are only familiar with Faith No More because of their "Epic" video, you need to give The Real Thing a good listen.
1628;3;From front to back THE REAL THING is consistently good, making it one of the best alternative rock albums created in any decade.
1628;4;As a collective whole, that record is a master stroke of calculated dementia and remains the high water mark of the Alternative movement.
1628;5;As a collective whole, that record is a master stroke of calculated dementia and remains the high water mark of the Alternative movement.
1628;6;Patton eliminated that (at least in the studio), providing a powerful, clean tone that finally allowed the listener to appreciate the skill with which each instrument is being played.
1628;7;"From Out Of Nowhere" is a power-chord and keyboard driven rocker with a definite 80's vibe.
1628;8;The lyrics are brilliant and the music is unbelievable!
1628;9;Later  albums had a darker atmosphere but `The Real Thing' was (and is) a ray of  sunshine far more accessible than any of their other works, enigmatic,  bright and fun.
1628;10;I love this album, and have been listening to it for years and always felt production wise, it lacked the power it could of had!
1631;1;I really enjoyed this blues cd, even though Mr. Hugh Laurie is not a blues singer and  has not been singing the blues for years, he does not sound too bad, he could be better , but the cd musicians and singers that were in this album with Mr. Laurie made the  musical arrangements and vocals a very fun experience to listen to and to sing along with.
1631;2;I really enjoyed this blues cd, even though Mr. Hugh Laurie is not a blues singer and  has not been singing the blues for years, he does not sound too bad, he could be better , but the cd musicians and singers that were in this album with Mr. Laurie made the  musical arrangements and vocals a very fun experience to listen to and to sing along with.
1631;3;Hugh Laurie is as good a singer as he is a doctor on House .
1631;4;As Laurie puts it, he's a "middle-class Englishman, openly trespassing on the music and myth of the American south".
1631;5;As Laurie puts it, he's a "middle-class Englishman, openly trespassing on the music and myth of the American south".
1631;6;It is a very well performed/recorded down south home blues.
1631;7;His trip to New Orleans must have been a great highlight in his life.
1631;8;I really enjoyed this blues cd, even though Mr. Hugh Laurie is not a blues singer and  has not been singing the blues for years, he does not sound too bad, he could be better , but the cd musicians and singers that were in this album with Mr. Laurie made the  musical arrangements and vocals a very fun experience to listen to and to sing along with.
1631;9;I really enjoyed this blues cd, even though Mr. Hugh Laurie is not a blues singer and  has not been singing the blues for years, he does not sound too bad, he could be better , but the cd musicians and singers that were in this album with Mr. Laurie made the  musical arrangements and vocals a very fun experience to listen to and to sing along with.
1631;10;The particular appeal of this album is that Laurie's is a more subtle blues than most, taking its time to work its rhythm into your consciousness, but once it has, it is impossible not to love.
1630;1;It has the perfect blend of hard, disturbingly beuatiful songs, and the happy, fun songs to listen to.
1630;2;This isn't to say the first half is bad, the songs are great as well, some of them were just a lil' overplayed(Stay and DDTW).
1630;3;It is such a cool love song, and Dave wrote some pretty good lyrics to go along with the intoxicating beat.
1630;4;She's an awesome touch to the song.
1630;5;The lyrics read like poetry and they flow through your body like a drug.
1630;6;The music is sharp and clean and brilliant everywhere, its the finest work ive ever  heard and probably will ever hear.
1630;7;If you're ready for rich string  arrangements, super sax playing, brilliant vocals, bouncy guitar riffs, and  bass that drives more than you'd expect, get "Before These Crowded  Streets".
1630;8;It is such a cool love song, and Dave wrote some pretty good lyrics to go along with the intoxicating beat.
1630;9;It is a fun song to listen to.
1630;10;I love that line, and it perfectly displays Dave's message about the killing of native during the colonization of the forests.
1617;1;And she and Willie sound good but Conway and she were awesome.
1617;2;She's a class act that shows up a lot of the  youngsters with genuine talent.
1617;3;And she and Willie sound good but Conway and she were awesome.
1617;4;She's a class act that shows up a lot of the  youngsters with genuine talent.
1617;5;If anybody who reads this knows anybody at Bear Family Records please ask them to bring out a box set of her entire back catalogue on CD ,it would sell millions!
1617;6;I have been a fan since a kid growing up at home.
1617;7;She's a class act that shows up a lot of the  youngsters with genuine talent.
1617;8;I like the humor in the lyrics on this song.
1617;9;It's fun to sing along with.
1617;10;This is the Loretta we all love.
1616;1;Still very fun, and a good one to crank up when you're alone in the house, doing chores, and want to feel like you've got company just in the next room..."To a Flame"~This one is another bit of pure introspective Stills, and with its great moody atmospherics and beautifully strange chord movement.
1616;2;Stills, the solo Blues-man is at his absolute best here.
1616;3;These two songs are, well, very much of their time
1616;4;Stills, the solo Blues-man is at his absolute best here.
1616;5;Stills, the solo Blues-man is at his absolute best here.
1616;6;Still very fun, and a good one to crank up when you're alone in the house, doing chores, and want to feel like you've got company just in the next room..."To a Flame"~This one is another bit of pure introspective Stills, and with its great moody atmospherics and beautifully strange chord movement.
1616;7;Stills, the solo Blues-man is at his absolute best here.
1616;8;The lyrics are honest in a way that reveals Stephen Stills expressing his feelings in a relatively somber kind of way.
1616;9;The Rolling Stones, "The World's Greatest Rock and Roll Band", released four great albums, plus a sloppy fun live album, between 1968 and 1972, for which the Stones received tremendous critical praise.
1616;10;Radio stations are stuck on the first track, LOVE THE ONE YOU'RE WITH, which is a great song, but there are so many more great songs here.
1619;1;This is exciting, soulful, fun music.
1619;2;The crowd roars its approval before "Harlem" kicks in..."Learn How to Love" is a well written original with Susan yearning of "tired of living without/ when others have so much/ if I could find someone/ to bring that lovin' touch", but the real treat here is the guitar interplay between this talented couple.
1619;3;Great Live Double CD , Lot's Of Long Instrumentals , Good Relaxing Listening , A Welcome To My Collection , Throwback Old Time Rock . . .
1619;4;Most fans are aware of Derek's abilities, but Susan matches her husband note for note on this workout...The Elmore James classic "Rollin' and Tumblin'" is updated, again featuring both guitars and the keyboards of Kofi Burbridge.
1619;5;The crowd roars its approval before "Harlem" kicks in..."Learn How to Love" is a well written original with Susan yearning of "tired of living without/ when others have so much/ if I could find someone/ to bring that lovin' touch", but the real treat here is the guitar interplay between this talented couple.
1619;6;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
1619;7;I've had this in my car, and it deserves better!
1619;8;The crowd roars its approval before "Harlem" kicks in..."Learn How to Love" is a well written original with Susan yearning of "tired of living without/ when others have so much/ if I could find someone/ to bring that lovin' touch", but the real treat here is the guitar interplay between this talented couple.
1619;9;This is exciting, soulful, fun music.
1619;10;The crowd roars its approval before "Harlem" kicks in..."Learn How to Love" is a well written original with Susan yearning of "tired of living without/ when others have so much/ if I could find someone/ to bring that lovin' touch", but the real treat here is the guitar interplay between this talented couple.
1618;1;Dolly's take on the Fine Young Cannibals "Drive Me Crazy" is good and fun while putting her own twist on it...Other standout tracks include:.
1618;2;The message of 'Jesus&Gravity' is great
1618;3;Dolly's take on the Fine Young Cannibals "Drive Me Crazy" is good and fun while putting her own twist on it...Other standout tracks include:.
1618;4;The message of 'Jesus&Gravity' is great
1618;5;Love it and if Dolly wourld ever read this review, please know she's got big fans just like me in Shanghai of CHINA!
1618;6;One chain released a special edition has a live bonus track of "Baby I'm Burnin'" from Dolly's "Heartbreaker" album that rocks the house.
1618;7;dollys brings new life into the remakes "tracks of my tears" and "drive me crazy"- every single song on this cd is great!
1618;8;Her lyrics have always been her strength, but give her a modern producer and she could very well get another "Here You Come Again" or "9 to 5".
1618;9;The songs sound like something from her older catalog, the instruments used echo true country music that's been replaced by the modern computerized voices and instruments and she sounds like she's having fun doing her first real country album in years.
1618;10;Fans will relish in hearing the Dolly they have come to love.
1621;1;I really enjoyed this cd
1621;2;Of special mention throughout are the pianistic fireworks and shadings of pianist Chip Crawford and the saxophone soloists, who all interact wonderfully with Porter here as in live performances.
1621;3;This is a very nice cd this guy is special and will have the good pleasure to see him this Friday live.
1621;4;Of special mention throughout are the pianistic fireworks and shadings of pianist Chip Crawford and the saxophone soloists, who all interact wonderfully with Porter here as in live performances.
1621;5;Of special mention throughout are the pianistic fireworks and shadings of pianist Chip Crawford and the saxophone soloists, who all interact wonderfully with Porter here as in live performances.
1621;6;Of special mention throughout are the pianistic fireworks and shadings of pianist Chip Crawford and the saxophone soloists, who all interact wonderfully with Porter here as in live performances.
1621;7;Of special mention throughout are the pianistic fireworks and shadings of pianist Chip Crawford and the saxophone soloists, who all interact wonderfully with Porter here as in live performances.
1621;8;Not only is his voice warm, melodious, and full of introspective emotion, his compositions evoke his inner being with wonderful lyrics and arrangements.
1621;9;Of special mention throughout are the pianistic fireworks and shadings of pianist Chip Crawford and the saxophone soloists, who all interact wonderfully with Porter here as in live performances.
1621;10;I saw Gregory Porter on TV one day (some morning show, I don't remember which), and loved his sound so much that I went out and bought a couple of his albums.
1620;1;Mr. Misunderstood: A good message with very interesting tempo changes.
1620;2;One of the few genres that takes a sad subject and with the feel of the music actually make it seem upbeat.
1620;3;Mr. Misunderstood: A good message with very interesting tempo changes.
1620;4;Any studied music fan knows of his college degree and his ability to market himself.
1620;5;Any studied music fan knows of his college degree and his ability to market himself.
1620;6;Any studied music fan knows of his college degree and his ability to market himself.
1620;7;"Knives of New Orleans" features a slaback vocal reverb that dutifully fits the at-large story underneath, driving and earnest, cinematic at the end.
1620;8;Susan Tedeschi is fantastic in this song, and the lyrics are very moving.
1620;9;"Chattanooga Lucy" is pure fun with a bluesy feel.
1620;10;I'm loving the revival of vinyl records in past years.
1623;1;If you like good rock and roll, but  also believe in friendship, love, drama and like to have fun... this one is  for you.
1623;2;can not only serve as the perfect, bouncy, fun soundtrack to a blue collar 4th of July barbecue, but also be the one that picks you up when you are down, with comforting words and empathy.
1623;3;"Wreck On The Highway" - A song about death and what it's gonna do to the other person..."The River hit #1 for 4 weeks...Get Bruce's new DVD it is that good!
1623;4;Also check-out the Gaslight Anthem "Sink Or Swim", "The '59 Sound" and the new "American Slang".
1623;5;She said last night she read those letters, and they made her feel one hundred years old."
1623;6;The road, which had been a vehicle of hope and escape on all of Springsteen's previous records, has been transformed into a black line between life and death
1623;7;Traditional rock `n roll rears its pulsating head on Ramrod, while the next three songs all have cars and driving as their theme: The Price You Pay is sombre and melancholic, Drive All Night is sad and soulful, and this masterpiece of an album concludes with the sorrowful Wreck On The Highway, one of Springsteen's most moving songs.
1623;8;And when I feel sad and alone, it's the empathy in Point Blank, and the soothing comfort of Drive all Night that make me feel better.
1623;9;Except the band was young and full of an optimistic energy that was so genuinely sincere it engulfed every single person in the crowd into a sweaty dance party from some old 50's movie and equally brought you to a variety of scenes from the classic film noir cinema of the same era.
1623;10;very pleased love the music
1622;1;"Animals in the Zoo" with its Bo Diddley beat, also works fine while "Willesden Green", sung by John Dalton, is a good song that might mostly have been recorded for fun...Among the lesser-known tracks the waltzy "Just Friends" is a typical soundtrack number.
1622;2;"This Time Tomorrow" is BRILLIANT and quite sad, and it doesn't stop there because "A Long Way From Home" contains another vocal melody that nearly puts me in tears..."Rats" is about as energetic as possible, "Apeman" is just a factory of vocal hooks, "Powerman" completely rocks like only the Kinks can, and "Got to be Free" is a bit different from the rest of the tracks, but enjoyable all the same...I really love the short "The Moneygoround".
1622;3;All songs, all of them are good, solid rock.
1622;4;Yes, The Moneygoround sounds like a novelty number but check out the harmonic sophistication as Ray investigates a number of musical keys in this highly entertaining 1:43 romp.
1622;5;Nearly every song bursts with focus, energy and tunefulness, and the more mainstream sound (yet still quirky enough in  places) was just what the group needed at that point in their career.
1622;6;"This Time Tomorrow" is BRILLIANT and quite sad, and it doesn't stop there because "A Long Way From Home" contains another vocal melody that nearly puts me in tears..."Rats" is about as energetic as possible, "Apeman" is just a factory of vocal hooks, "Powerman" completely rocks like only the Kinks can, and "Got to be Free" is a bit different from the rest of the tracks, but enjoyable all the same...I really love the short "The Moneygoround".
1622;7;Yes, The Moneygoround sounds like a novelty number but check out the harmonic sophistication as Ray investigates a number of musical keys in this highly entertaining 1:43 romp.
1622;8;Dave's Strangers ("we are not two we are one") may be his best Kinks tune with its very nice triplet feel and heartfelt lyrics...But I've really got to praise Gosling, who had just joined the group as its permanent keyboard player.
1622;9;"Animals in the Zoo" with its Bo Diddley beat, also works fine while "Willesden Green", sung by John Dalton, is a good song that might mostly have been recorded for fun...Among the lesser-known tracks the waltzy "Just Friends" is a typical soundtrack number.
1622;10;"This Time Tomorrow" is BRILLIANT and quite sad, and it doesn't stop there because "A Long Way From Home" contains another vocal melody that nearly puts me in tears..."Rats" is about as energetic as possible, "Apeman" is just a factory of vocal hooks, "Powerman" completely rocks like only the Kinks can, and "Got to be Free" is a bit different from the rest of the tracks, but enjoyable all the same...I really love the short "The Moneygoround".
1582;1;(In retrospect, that is a very good thing!)
1582;2;The line "Direction-less so plain to see, a loaded gun won't set you free, or so they say" is so chillingly true and represents the moment of emotional and physical suicide so well that it may be too much truth for a casual listener to appreciate, and especially one who doesn't understand the kind of psychological pain the Ian Curtis was going through.
1582;3;(In retrospect, that is a very good thing!)
1582;4;Anyone seriously interested in rock and roll, and exploring the darkness of the soul, must have this in their collection.
1582;5;As you could expect by reading my praise for this album, I give it a solid 5 stars, and it is the perfect start to any rock music collection.
1582;6;Anyone seriously interested in rock and roll, and exploring the darkness of the soul, must have this in their collection.
1582;7;Joy Division elevated the bass-line  to prominence, coupling driving bass-riffs with Ian Curtis's Jim  Morrison-like baritone, intense lyrics, and haunting studio effects to  create a truly unique sound.
1582;8;"Day of the Lords" follows and provides a surprisingly deep insight into the band's psychological state of mind, and is also an excellent example of Ian Curtis' lyrics and the band's over-all sound that has been mimicked (whether intentionally or not) thousands of times by numerous artists.
1582;9;The survivors later joined together and created New Order, who virtually created modern dance and rave music in the '80s and '90s.
1582;10;I am extremely glad I bought this album: although it is very unlike "Love Will Tear Us Apart" which until now has been my only taste of the band, I love this album.
1583;1;This is good my fellow music lovers, it aint Floyd or The Eagles, so I know you'll enjoy!
1583;2;The song is beautiful, sad, sexy, and makes you wonder if this vulnerable man can be real...We get our answer with the teenage Motown wannabe-isms of "Freedom."
1583;3;We just had our 23rd anniversary, and I popped Make It Big into the CD player, and wow, it really does sound good a couple decades later.
1583;4;I guarantee you'll play it over and over until you need to order another one!
1583;5;I own this album and it is one of my favorites...Two of the songs ("Like a baby" and "Careless Whisper") are slow ballads, the rest are energetic, rythmic disco songs...All of them are focused on love, not on social justice or religion like some of George Michael's later songs...Buy this CD, the music is damn good.
1583;6;Like angels come home to roost, this record was Michael and company's finest hour, and I intend to spread the word!!!!!
1583;7;I guarantee you'll play it over and over until you need to order another one!
1583;8;The song is beautiful, sad, sexy, and makes you wonder if this vulnerable man can be real...We get our answer with the teenage Motown wannabe-isms of "Freedom."
1583;9;but retain his friendship with Ridgeley.
1583;10;We just had our 23rd anniversary, and I popped Make It Big into the CD player, and wow, it really does sound good a couple decades later.
1580;1;Very happy with the product.
1580;2;Always up lifts me and we all need to be up lifted during our struggles or just bad days.
1580;3;Always up lifts me and we all need to be up lifted during our struggles or just bad days.
1580;4;The songs are great & encouraging & I would recommend to everyone.
1580;5;The songs are great & encouraging & I would recommend to everyone.
1580;6;It's the perfect mix of down home gospel Jesus songs- mixed with great uptempo bounce while you are driving songs!
1580;7;I've been listening to this CD in my car and it's one of my favorite.
1580;8;Always up lifts me and we all need to be up lifted during our struggles or just bad days.
1580;9;One is quickly reminded how brilliant Kirk Franklin is as a lyricist...Before I Die is nothing less than a jubilant jam session set to DC go-go beats...an urban soundtrack that will have you dancing with joy in Jesus.
1580;10;You will LOVE the video.as well, it features Steve Harvey.
1581;1;The point is that it captures those years perfectly...This is all enjoyable stuff, but if you have other CSN&Y that you treasure more, I encourage you to enjoy that.
1581;2;I guarentee that you'll love this.
1581;3;Even though brief, this is a good compilation and I highly recommend it.
1581;4;I guarentee that you'll love this.
1581;5;I guarentee that you'll love this.
1581;6;I guarentee that you'll love this.
1581;7;This is a favorite of my husband's and when he sold his car, he forgot to take it out.
1581;8;Forget all the other releases from the band
1581;9;Guinnevere is a hauntingly wonderful love song and I always loved Judy Blue Eyes not only because of it's fun closing,  but also had a familiarity to is because a local radio station used a clip of it in their TV ads.
1581;10;I guarentee that you'll love this.
1578;1;Strong offering from a great band that seems to actually enjoy to be around one another.
1578;2;Mike's bass sounds more punchy and he hasn't lost any of his vocal power over the years, and Sammy's guitarist Vic Johnson from the Wabos does an excellent job.
1578;3;A MUST HAVE if you love the collection, no other band out there today that I can tell is this good - Musicianship Lives and it warms my heart.
1578;4;Mike's bass sounds more punchy and he hasn't lost any of his vocal power over the years, and Sammy's guitarist Vic Johnson from the Wabos does an excellent job.
1578;5;Mike's bass sounds more punchy and he hasn't lost any of his vocal power over the years, and Sammy's guitarist Vic Johnson from the Wabos does an excellent job.
1578;6;Mike's bass sounds more punchy and he hasn't lost any of his vocal power over the years, and Sammy's guitarist Vic Johnson from the Wabos does an excellent job.
1578;7;Mike's bass sounds more punchy and he hasn't lost any of his vocal power over the years, and Sammy's guitarist Vic Johnson from the Wabos does an excellent job.
1578;8;Mike's bass sounds more punchy and he hasn't lost any of his vocal power over the years, and Sammy's guitarist Vic Johnson from the Wabos does an excellent job.
1578;9;pure rock n roll have fun album buy it if you like Sammy solo albums / chickenfoot
1578;10;Got for boyfriend - he loved it!
1579;1;I recommend this for anyone who enjoys music that makes them feel good, and aren't super-judgemental pricks.
1579;2;The lyrics are really good, the drumming isn't half bad, especially since it's Kurt on them, and Grohl's voice fits the mood perfectly.
1579;3;The lyrics are really good, the drumming isn't half bad, especially since it's Kurt on them, and Grohl's voice fits the mood perfectly.
1579;4;Kurt is actually understandable, the guitar is very well made and actually pretty complicated for a Nirvana song, and the lyrics are meaningful and appear to have more thought put into them than Old Age.
1579;5;Moore's perspective is pensive and insightful, as he studies Nirvana's influence...Admittedly, there is nothing earthshattering in this boxed set.
1579;6;This is a great song with Nirvana's framiliar use of the quiet-loud dynamic that served the band so well throughout their career...The DVD is a home video featuring an early rehearsal at someone's house from 1988 or 89.
1579;7;Kurt is actually understandable, the guitar is very well made and actually pretty complicated for a Nirvana song, and the lyrics are meaningful and appear to have more thought put into them than Old Age.
1579;8;The lyrics are really good, the drumming isn't half bad, especially since it's Kurt on them, and Grohl's voice fits the mood perfectly.
1579;9;The name is making fun of critics who said that Nirvana used a very Eastern sound for a lot of songs.
1579;10;For die hard Nirvana fans, this is a must-own item and I would even go so far as to recommend it to people who love and own Nirvana's studio albums (all of them).
1576;1;"No Jacket Required" is certainly a fun album, but "Face Value" is a fantastic one.
1576;2;Songs like the sad & dramatic- "The Roof Is Leaking" (which features Eric Clapton), the romantic ballad - "This Must Be Love" & the upbeat & African styled - "Hand In Hand" (A fan favorite)...This new re-mastered edition sounds great but only slightly better than the original.
1576;3;Phil Collins has never sounded this good!
1576;4;This record was filled with great tunes and revealed a side of Collin's never heard before-his infatuation with R&B.
1576;5;If you listen, on the other hand, with headphones or focus on little things like the warmth of the mastering, etc. you will notice a difference...I'd have to give the edge to Hoffman's master in a number of listening environments (my main system, in the car, on my ipod, etc.)as depth, clarity (due to improved A/D equipment)and warmth are all improved.
1576;6;This record was filled with great tunes and revealed a side of Collin's never heard before-his infatuation with R&B.
1576;7;He certainly found a musical niche for himself with a combination of horn driven pop coupled with ballads.
1576;8;Not only does the songwriting feature powerfully moving lyrics, the project showcased Collins' ability to successfully fuse pop music with R&B and jazz.
1576;9;Besides the cool & monster hit:  "In the Air Tonight" there is also the catchy & fun - "I Missed Again" & "Behind the Lines" which was also a Genesis song in 1980.
1576;10;I have loved Phil Collins since the 80's and finaly started collecting his music.
1577;1;Her voice is a powerhouse of emotion and she conveys it well on this album.
1577;2;By far my favorite version of Someone to Watch Over Me.
1577;3;Possessed of considerable yet unpretentious vocal chops, Ronstadt is a good candidate for this formidable task.
1577;4;By far my favorite version of Someone to Watch Over Me.
1577;5;After reading her very touching book "Simple Dreams" I was  add aware of this wonderful music that she made with the very talented Nelson Riddle & had to have it in my cd collection again.
1577;6;Technically, it's a very clean recording and the performances by Ronstadt and the session musicians (including Ray Brown & John Guerin) are excellent.
1577;7;By far my favorite version of Someone to Watch Over Me.
1577;8;Her voice is a powerhouse of emotion and she conveys it well on this album.
1577;9;By far my favorite version of Someone to Watch Over Me.
1577;10;Have loved this album for years, lost it about 25 years ago, now I have it on disc.
1574;1;Listen, enjoy and have fun.
1574;2;One of my favorite albums already.
1574;3;If I had a second wish, it'd be for world peace.
1574;4;One of my favorite albums already.
1574;5;One of my favorite albums already.
1574;6;One of my favorite albums already.
1574;7;One of my favorite albums already.
1574;8;Guest vocalist Jason Derulo brings to this timeless classic a haunting presence and his strong falsetto game...5) "Rose Gold" - Love the lyrics to this one, such a soulful jam...6) "Light in the Hallway" - Stark and somber and lovely lullaby where Avi's voice is just butter.
1574;9;Its refreshing music that makes you want to get up, dance, and move and grove.
1574;10;Love his phrasing, how he lingers on certain words...7) "New Year's Day" - A feel-good hymn of reaffirmation with Scott Hoying in fine form.
1575;1;"People" and "All I Need" are the main hiccups in my mind, the rest is good fun.
1575;2;There is nothing bad to say about AWOLNATION.
1575;3;It's a good song...I realize I could have purchased just the song.
1575;4;But I just got rid of it, so it can end on Knights.
1575;5;But I just got rid of it, so it can end on Knights.
1575;6;It's got a good and addictive beat I loved to play while exercising or cleaning!
1575;7;This album is best enjoyed loudly, with bass up and windows down on a sunny day in your car .
1575;8;I won't suggest that the lyrics are ground-breaking or profound, but they are meaningful and reflective (e.g., "My mirror disappoints me").
1575;9;"People" and "All I Need" are the main hiccups in my mind, the rest is good fun.
1575;10;I was very happy when I played the CD and discovered that I loved more than half of the songs on the album.
1572;1;Fantastic sound and fun to watch.
1572;2;IN HD or Blue ray format The most remarkable is the Translucid and picture.)
1572;3;Their new DVD is easily as good but very different for a number of reasons...1.
1572;4;Funky, slick with the richest vocal harmonies - beautiful...3.
1572;5;I read alot of the reviews here and I agree that the one problem is band chemistry without Dave and Mikey.
1572;6;Funky, slick with the richest vocal harmonies - beautiful...3.
1572;7;Funky, slick with the richest vocal harmonies - beautiful...3.
1572;8;Funky, slick with the richest vocal harmonies - beautiful...3.
1572;9;His guitar rips, shreds, and dances with a mastery worthy of being called one of the best in rock, no doubt at all.
1572;10;I have seen them several times and each time I loved them but with exception taken to medleys.
1573;1;Anyway, this album is fantastic and Jimmy would be happy to know I guess, that Jeff is ON.
1573;2;In a modern music environment that is often overun with visual gimmicks, PR distractions like bad behavior stories and other marketing tools, there still exists some phenomal musicianship and creativity if you know where to look for it.
1573;3;Good selection of songs from his classic albums and a few new ones.
1573;4;Great to hear some of the old material getting a workout.
1573;5;Stephen, if you're reading this, you are welcome to keep it, with my compliments.
1573;6;Very impressive album...This is a also very clean live recording, with excellent sound quality.
1573;7;One for home, one for the car.
1573;8;In a modern music environment that is often overun with visual gimmicks, PR distractions like bad behavior stories and other marketing tools, there still exists some phenomal musicianship and creativity if you know where to look for it.
1573;9;This album is sooo much fun.
1573;10;If you like rock, you'll love this.
1570;1;"I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" also makes a rare CD appearance...This CD represents very good value for money and is an ideal pairing with "A Perry Como Christmas"
1570;2;Perry como is just one of those singers who do justice to songs.
1570;3;"I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" also makes a rare CD appearance...This CD represents very good value for money and is an ideal pairing with "A Perry Como Christmas"
1570;4;Perry como is just one of those singers who do justice to songs.
1570;5;Perry como is just one of those singers who do justice to songs.
1570;6;My parents would take us to midnight mass, and come home to see his Christmas specials.
1570;7;Since we've lost Perry back in May
1570;8;Perry como is just one of those singers who do justice to songs.
1570;9;This album would make for wonderful background music at parties, and I played it this year while I wrapped presents (an activity that can sometimes become rather frustrating on its own)  but these songs are also quite worthy of the listeners serious and careful attention, as well.
1570;10;"Love Is A Christmas Rose" was released in STEREO within the 1983 Reader's Digest Compilation LP: "Christmas With Perry Como"
1571;1;I find myself singing these songs throughout my day
1571;2;Negative words and thoughts about his music or singing are best kept as thoughts.
1571;3;I did read a review that was not too good, but I thought it was great!
1571;4;McCartney has very naturally done that and he is in the enviable position of being able to record an album of songs that meant something to him personally from his childhood.
1571;5;Like many of you who are reading this I am and always will be a "Beatle Maniac".
1571;6;It's like he's home with his mum and pop when he was a kid, listening to the gramophone...If you like Nat King Cole, or Fats Waller, or Diana Krall, you will love this album.
1571;7;McCartney has very naturally done that and he is in the enviable position of being able to record an album of songs that meant something to him personally from his childhood.
1571;8;The emotion I hear, the honesty, the heartfelt sincerity that comes thru is at times very moving!
1571;9;This album exists because he followed his heart, and had some fun.
1571;10;This was a wise choice by Paul as these songs seem a perfect fit for him (and her) and elevates the overall cohesiveness of the entire set...In the end, this also seems like a romantic letter of love to Paul's new wife and fortunately we get to listen in (and enjoy) the romance-----@.
1568;1;The new cd and a good one at that
1568;2;There isn't a bad song on here to be honest.
1568;3;The new cd and a good one at that
1568;4;I bought this for just one song...Sound Of Silence...love it!!!
1568;5;I bought this for just one song...Sound Of Silence...love it!!!
1568;6;I bought this for just one song...Sound Of Silence...love it!!!
1568;7;I bought this for just one song...Sound Of Silence...love it!!!
1568;8;Great album all the way around...good musicans, great lyrics, good song selection.
1568;9;I bought this for just one song...Sound Of Silence...love it!!!
1568;10;I bought this for just one song...Sound Of Silence...love it!!!
1569;1;Anyway, this album is fantastic and Jimmy would be happy to know I guess, that Jeff is ON.
1569;2;In a modern music environment that is often overun with visual gimmicks, PR distractions like bad behavior stories and other marketing tools, there still exists some phenomal musicianship and creativity if you know where to look for it.
1569;3;So damn good, he can't seem to play in a normal rock format - i.e. with singer in tow.
1569;4;Great to hear some of the old material getting a workout.
1569;5;Stephen, if you're reading this, you are welcome to keep it, with my compliments.
1569;6;Very impressive album...This is a also very clean live recording, with excellent sound quality.
1569;7;Now that I have a fresh copy, it is back on high rotation in my car's CD player.
1569;8;In a modern music environment that is often overun with visual gimmicks, PR distractions like bad behavior stories and other marketing tools, there still exists some phenomal musicianship and creativity if you know where to look for it.
1569;9;He brings Eric Clapton out for two songs and that's real fun.
1569;10;If you enjoyed Jeff Beck Live at B. B. King, you will love this one.
1599;1;Merchandise received swiftly and in good order.
1599;2;Crazy World was not too bad and was their last best.
1599;3;Merchandise received swiftly and in good order.
1599;4;Just another excellent effort by the Scorpions.
1599;5;Just another excellent effort by the Scorpions.
1599;6;Just another excellent effort by the Scorpions.
1599;7;"Loving You Sunday Morning" and the driving title track are also fantastic songs.
1599;8;Klaus sings with alot of emotion and conviction.
1599;9;Just another excellent effort by the Scorpions.
1599;10;I have love this since it's release, when I was a young teenager.
1598;1;In closing if your a fan of Skillet and there powerful religious lyrics mixed with strong emotions and showing there fans is good to stand up for yourself and be proud of Religion and believe in God because he is there for you threw it all "good times and bad times."
1598;2;In closing if your a fan of Skillet and there powerful religious lyrics mixed with strong emotions and showing there fans is good to stand up for yourself and be proud of Religion and believe in God because he is there for you threw it all "good times and bad times."
1598;3;In closing if your a fan of Skillet and there powerful religious lyrics mixed with strong emotions and showing there fans is good to stand up for yourself and be proud of Religion and believe in God because he is there for you threw it all "good times and bad times."
1598;4;I love the song with Jonathan Chu's violin introduction in one of the songs.
1598;5;I love the song with Jonathan Chu's violin introduction in one of the songs.
1598;6;I listen to it often while cleaning up the kitchen.
1598;7;Great sound, she listens to it everyday in the car.
1598;8;In closing if your a fan of Skillet and there powerful religious lyrics mixed with strong emotions and showing there fans is good to stand up for yourself and be proud of Religion and believe in God because he is there for you threw it all "good times and bad times."
1598;9;What an incredibly fun band.
1598;10;I love the song with Jonathan Chu's violin introduction in one of the songs.
1597;1;I'm pleased that I purchased these songs because they are very good and because Michelle was thrilled and I enjoyed both reason.
1597;2;Put the top down on the convertible and cruised listening to Pure 80's (the last great decade of "good' music.)
1597;3;Put the top down on the convertible and cruised listening to Pure 80's (the last great decade of "good' music.)
1597;4;Put the top down on the convertible and cruised listening to Pure 80's (the last great decade of "good' music.)
1597;5;Put the top down on the convertible and cruised listening to Pure 80's (the last great decade of "good' music.)
1597;6;listen to it tonight on way home  great variety
1597;7;I like almost every song on this CD and yes, I still play CD's while in the car, so this one is a trip!
1597;8;I had fun making fun of the chorus lyrics in high school with my classmates.
1597;9;Great music, big hair and so much fun.
1597;10;Great songs by original artists, loved the CD!
1596;1;I can remember my Mom playing this album when I was younger and I knew that the album was good but I couldn't understand what was being said.
1596;2;I marginally perfer Baduizm Live because of it's raw  edge, but both are great CDs.
1596;3;I can remember my Mom playing this album when I was younger and I knew that the album was good but I couldn't understand what was being said.
1596;4;I marginally perfer Baduizm Live because of it's raw  edge, but both are great CDs.
1596;5;I puchased this on my Kindle Fire so that I can have background musix as I read,
1596;6;She hit a home run with this one .
1596;7;The first time I heard it was in a car trip around dusk and it seemed to fit the mood of that time and type of motion perfectly.
1596;8;"On & On" is a bit cryptic: "I'm feelin' high/My money's gone/I'm all alone...If your knowledge were your wealth/Then it would be well earned...You rush into destruction/Cause you don't have nothin' left/The mothership can't save you/So your a** is gon' get left"...I feel that the minimal production and Erykah's voice, which is expressive and strong without being overpowering, blend well with the straightforward presentation of the ideas found in the lyrics, giving the album consistency and unity.
1596;9;Quirky and fun...Erykah channels Nina Simone on the jazzy, piano led Certainly, scolding a man for trying to form a romantic relationship with her although she's made it clear she's not interested.
1596;10;Love this lady and her songs!
1595;1;Lots of good Brad Paisley music.
1595;2;I got this CD for Christmas.
1595;3;Lots of good Brad Paisley music.
1595;4;I got this CD for Christmas.
1595;5;I got this CD for Christmas.
1595;6;I got this CD for Christmas.
1595;7;great to listen to have in in the car and play it for hours at a time while traveling.
1595;8;this album is very similar to brad's 2007 effort 5th Gear: careless tunes, upbeat rhythms, funny lyrics and stellar instrumentation
1595;9;I dance competitively and this CD has fantastic music for dancing or drinking beer.
1595;10;Love all the songs on it, heard a few I've never heard before.
1594;1;And true, there is some schmalz from the early 80's, but overall, I think it will satisfy the casual Dolly Parton Fan...The first eight tracks are flawless, and that includes the fantastic melodrama of "Here You Come Again."
1594;2;Light of a clear blue morning shows Dolly beginning to move away from her traditional sounds.
1594;3;good album-not to many songs, just the good stuff.
1594;4;The aforementioned "Stream" is a delight, as is "To Know Him Is To Love Him," with the equally endearing Linda Rondstat and Emmylou Harris.
1594;5;The aforementioned "Stream" is a delight, as is "To Know Him Is To Love Him," with the equally endearing Linda Rondstat and Emmylou Harris.
1594;6;My Tennessee mountain home takes a rose-tinted view of Dolly's childhood, painting a picture of rural bliss.
1594;7;None of that is covered on "Ultimate," but it's worth the trip to seek out some of Dolly's most recent output.
1594;8;The aforementioned "Stream" is a delight, as is "To Know Him Is To Love Him," with the equally endearing Linda Rondstat and Emmylou Harris.
1594;9;The aforementioned "Stream" is a delight, as is "To Know Him Is To Love Him," with the equally endearing Linda Rondstat and Emmylou Harris.
1594;10;The seeker is another great romantic song, though it can also be interpreted as a gospel song.
1593;1;I personally enjoy this track and wish Mariah will stay happy forever...RESENTMENT.
1593;2;yo this cd is madd tight, and my boo is sexy as hell and deff a good singer not one bad song off this joint.....excellent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1593;3;yo this cd is madd tight, and my boo is sexy as hell and deff a good singer not one bad song off this joint.....excellent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1593;4;Here is a top 5 List of my ABSOLUTE favs!
1593;5;The lyrics seem silly if you just read them in the booklet, but they are sweet when she sings them ("Love you like a high school girl on a first date...").
1593;6;Here is a top 5 List of my ABSOLUTE favs!
1593;7;That CD has been in my car CD player since then and I've listened to, and enjoyed it about 30 more times since...Oh Mimi....you sure did work your magic on me.
1593;8;Though not her best selling album, her songs are still outstanding, well-produced (even the preludes and reprises), and filled with emotion.
1593;9;More Than Just Friends - This song has a very fun feel to it.
1593;10;This is the ONLY album i bought this year that i can play every track without skipping songs...Favorites include: H.a.t.e.u., candy bling, inseperable, standing o, more than just friends, and i want to know what love is.
1592;1;Six of the Eagles early albums, all of them loaded with good music, at a great price and assembled in very compact packaging.
1592;2;I've highlighted who sang lead vocals on what  Frey and Henley getting the lion's choice  but in truth the Meisner, Leadon and Felder tracks all impress too...What a glorious sound they made for that whole brilliant decade  and what a sad loss to music is Glenn Freys passing.
1592;3;Six of the Eagles early albums, all of them loaded with good music, at a great price and assembled in very compact packaging.
1592;4;There is just something that draws me towards the Eagles.
1592;5;There is just something that draws me towards the Eagles.
1592;6;The disks all got ripped right away and have a happy home on my mp3 player.
1592;7;It comes in a nice sleek black box and envelope sleeves (with original front and back covers) of each album, ideal for travel.
1592;8;I've highlighted who sang lead vocals on what  Frey and Henley getting the lion's choice  but in truth the Meisner, Leadon and Felder tracks all impress too...What a glorious sound they made for that whole brilliant decade  and what a sad loss to music is Glenn Freys passing.
1592;9;There is just something that draws me towards the Eagles.
1592;10;Just love good deals and Prime videos and programs.)
1591;1;I enjoy every song on this album she sings about pain and heartache and she sings and delivers on this album!!!
1591;2;I enjoy every song on this album she sings about pain and heartache and she sings and delivers on this album!!!
1591;3;I think anyone who is wondering if this is a good CD will be pleasantly surprised by the talent and skill of Toni Braxton.
1591;4;"Breathe again" is such a classic.
1591;5;But by focusing on melodically captivating ballads with very elaborate arrangements Toni Braxton made it more than clear on this album that she was going to be a major force in the music world.
1591;6;That was Toni's first single ("love shoulda brought you home").
1591;7;I ordered this cd to take with me on a long road trip, even thou the cd came out in the 90's it is still a great cd to listen to.
1591;8;beats it with it's forceful, smoky lyrics.
1591;9;this is a great album to play when you're having a waiting to exhale party.
1591;10;I love this song, it's the best song on the album, Toni just does a great job singing and the beats and rhythms are the best.
1590;1;This is a CD that I enjoy every song.
1590;2;I love her & her voice.
1590;3;It's good to see someone young and spry blow up.
1590;4;I love her & her voice.
1590;5;I love her & her voice.
1590;6;Clean uncluttered production pushes her voice front and center where it should be.
1590;7;From 4yr old to 41 yr old (and teen in between) it's been in my car since purchase & always makes us boogie!
1590;8;It's got soft, smooth lyrics, and it's a nice spoonful of sugar.
1590;9;The chorus is on point, and it's great summertime fun, which I have kind of forgotten to mention.
1590;10;I love her & her voice.
1589;1;This cd has very good audio.
1589;2;In fact, it reflected a very pleasant overall romantic feel to this CD..."Caravanserai" bestows "the gift of tears" (at least for me) and beckons like a ray of light in this very sad world.
1589;3;This cd has very good audio.
1589;4;Although, I heard hints of "The Mummer's Dance" in a couple of the melodies...Her voice is also incredibly lovely, rich and angelic in all the songs she sings in.
1589;5;Although, I heard hints of "The Mummer's Dance" in a couple of the melodies...Her voice is also incredibly lovely, rich and angelic in all the songs she sings in.
1589;6;She weaves a story of the many adventures and scenery she has seen before stopping to rest...on a journey home.
1589;7;A side trip or two is in order ("The English Ladye And The Knight," lyrics by Sir Walter Scott
1589;8;The lyrics are stunning, and her voice sounds like it is straight from her heart...  The song hypnotizes in an entirely different way than the rest of the album, by arresting the listener with the tender--but raw--emotion and depth of this woman's music and experiences.
1589;9;And she evokes some truly spellbinding music with those instruments -- she can bring to life misty forests, Turkish marketplaces, colorful nighttime dances, and stately medieval processions.
1589;10;Although, I heard hints of "The Mummer's Dance" in a couple of the melodies...Her voice is also incredibly lovely, rich and angelic in all the songs she sings in.
1588;1;this cd has a fun, happy and loving side to it(nothing X rated about it unlike someone who bringing sexy back who lyrics are unclean and x rate and his cd rose to the top of the charts) i think janet is still being punished over the halftime superbowl show.
1588;2;This body of mine- its pretty catchy, Its a big one for the hip-hop fans.8.
1588;3;Get it out me-Quite possibly the fourth best song on the album, it's very good and has a strong beat and rhythum.5.
1588;4;This body of mine- its pretty catchy, Its a big one for the hip-hop fans.8.
1588;5;This body of mine- its pretty catchy, Its a big one for the hip-hop fans.8.
1588;6;seeing the dance auditions, janet at home just being janet, and the making of the video....its fun and cute and the packaging alone is worth the purchase, its beautiful, from the box it comes in, to the picture book and the cd/dvd sleeve...well thought out.
1588;7;Great music for loving, driving, working out, or for just listening to.
1588;8;Take Care- 2nd best song on the album, its a sex song, or a (self)sex song, but it has such a calmness about it, and the way she sings the words in the song she REALLY feels it, which is why she's a great actress in my opinion because you can just here the emotions in the voice.
1588;9;seeing the dance auditions, janet at home just being janet, and the making of the video....its fun and cute and the packaging alone is worth the purchase, its beautiful, from the box it comes in, to the picture book and the cd/dvd sleeve...well thought out.
1588;10;Daybreak- a extremely great song  it has a escapade feel to it that I love.12.
1587;1;the programmers on that station must be t. emmanuel fans because i hear him on there all the time and really enjoy his upbeat style and energy.
1587;2;Tommy Emanuel is quite simply the best acoustic guitarist on the planet.
1587;3;Tommy Emanuel is quite simply the best acoustic guitarist on the planet.
1587;4;Tommy Emanuel is quite simply the best acoustic guitarist on the planet.
1587;5;Tommy Emanuel is quite simply the best acoustic guitarist on the planet.
1587;6;Tommy Emanuel is quite simply the best acoustic guitarist on the planet.
1587;7;Tommy Emanuel is quite simply the best acoustic guitarist on the planet.
1587;8;Tommy Emanuel is quite simply the best acoustic guitarist on the planet.
1587;9;Tommy Emanuel is quite simply the best acoustic guitarist on the planet.
1587;10;This album is incredibly generous in the amount of music and love of music, love of the audience and performance - an album true to the man we saw back in Malibu...One of the best guitar players alive, at a prime place in his career - Center Stage is a terrific vehicle to start exploring the sound of Tommy Emmanuel.
1586;1;The title song is the obvious zinger, but the album is full of very good songs, some as good as "The Story," others just a touch under.
1586;2;It's not that their bad songs, it's just that they follow a similar tempo and arrangements and it's hard to differentiate them unless you listen to one for awhile...It's great to see emerging talents right as their talent/recognition starts to develop.
1586;3;The title song is the obvious zinger, but the album is full of very good songs, some as good as "The Story," others just a touch under.
1586;4;It is an extraordinary song, sang by an extraordinary singer.
1586;5;Let's just say, although those reading this (I assume) already know this is a singer-songwriter record, it is also very well done.
1586;6;This cd is recorded above average- it sounds clean, wide sound stage and strong bass in many of the songs.
1586;7;It is entirely possible to listen to Brandi Carlile and think: up-and comer, pleasant voice, nice songs, great in the car and at parties.
1586;8;I would actually give "The Story" 4 and a half stars...Brandi and the twins haven't released their masterpiece YET, but based on this "story", it will happen sooner than we think...This simply is a great record, with lots of layers, variety, emotion, power, subtlety, all in a great alt-country/roots-rock/folk sound, and well-written lyrics.
1586;9;It is entirely possible to listen to Brandi Carlile and think: up-and comer, pleasant voice, nice songs, great in the car and at parties.
1586;10;We still love the song.
1585;1;I have all of their albums for a reason, they are that good!!!
1585;2;I'm a huge ZZ Top fan and I live in Houston.
1585;3;I have all of their albums for a reason, they are that good!!!
1585;4;I'm a huge ZZ Top fan and I live in Houston.
1585;5;There's my two bits worth for all you reading this!
1585;6;I'm a huge ZZ Top fan and I live in Houston.
1585;7;The two extra tracks on the Best Buy version of the album really do add something, particularly the closing track "Drive By Lover."
1585;8;I'm a huge ZZ Top fan and I live in Houston.
1585;9;im not sure about bass but frank beard has a great sound and nice fills throughout album.seems these guys had fun making this album...and i hope the reviews based on this album are with the 2 bonus tracks from best buy!
1585;10;I love all their music, a great cd.
1584;1;This contains probably his most epic songs ever - particularly the suite on the second half - even more uncontrolled, wild, and just plain good fun than the ones on his debut.
1584;2;Even though I wasn't even alive during the making of this record--my bad luck--I get a sentimental feeling just listening to this record.
1584;3;This is so relaxing creation - just hearing the line "Good night it's alright baby..." produces a pleasant feeling of peace and tranquility I can't stay indifferent to .
1584;4;"Kitty's Back"  is a blazing rock 'n' soul workout and is followed by the comical  "Wild Billy's Circus Story".
1584;5;The piano segue between these last two is a musical thing of beauty..."Wild Billy's Circus Story" (with the unexpected appearance of a tuba) and "Listen to Your Junkman" (which I'm sure goes by another title, but that's how I remember it, having listened many more times than I've read the liner notes) are also outstanding, but grow on the listener moreso than blowing his or her doors off the first time.
1584;6;This is so relaxing creation - just hearing the line "Good night it's alright baby..." produces a pleasant feeling of peace and tranquility I can't stay indifferent to .
1584;7;I think what makes it one of my favorites in the car are the constant tempo shifts, from the placid New York City Serenade to the wildcat energy of Kitty's Back and Rosalita, this album delivers a whole spectrum of emotions and sounds and is a great find if you've never indulged before.
1584;8;Although his writing would later come to be clouded by cynicism and a world-weary tone, this album was made at a point in Bruce Springsteen's life and career where he was still wild and exuberant with a youthful enthusiasm - and it shows in the music and the lyrics.
1584;9;While the next album would continue the rock and roll homage with "Roy Orbison singing for the lonely", this album captured the fun and romance of rock and roll like maybe none ever would again.
1584;10;"West Side Story" was a big influence on Bruce, as it was on all of us back then, and he uses part of that film's landscape to paint his own story about young love in the city between Spanish Johnny & Puerto Rican Jane in "Incident on 57th Street".
1548;1;I recommend this album for everybody who likes Black Sabbath, metal, or rock music in general, and especially to anybody who has enjoyed Black Sabbath's work from 1970-1982 but has been turned off by their later direction.
1548;2;So is the psychedelic "Master of Insanity", which could have used a longer guitar solo but it is a great song all the same, dealing with the inexorable inner urge in each one of us (perhaps the same force that Metallica deal with in "Sad but True").
1548;3;it gets a bit repetitive but that only cuz the rest of the album is so good that even a good song like this looks bad compared to it...Time Machine: perhaps the most overlooked gem on this album, simply, its awesome.
1548;4;I love that song because it's soulful, Dio sounds uniquely aggressive and once again Iommi doesn't shy away from giving a good workout to his axe.
1548;5;Somehow, for a brief moment in 1992 the band was able to regain their focus and sense of purpose to make what I consider the last Black Sabbath album to truly sound like Black Sabbath.
1548;6;Ronnie's voice is a power house, full of soul and aggression.
1548;7;Vinnie Appice drives this awe inspiring collection with a powerfull performance.
1548;8;Dio's visionary lyrics are as good as it gets here...Sound wise, it basically blows up the speakers!
1548;9;These three songs alone are enough to buy the album, but the others are just plain great, as well!!
1548;10;In recent years I bought "The Dio Years" and it had a couple of tracks from "Dehumanizer" on it.
1549;1;Before going solo, she was with the group Rufus and with them enjoyed success with such killer hooks as "Tell Me Something Good", "Sweet Thing", and "Stay".
1549;2;There we got "I'm Every Woman" obviously destined to become a soul classic, and inevitably became her signature song.
1549;3;Before going solo, she was with the group Rufus and with them enjoyed success with such killer hooks as "Tell Me Something Good", "Sweet Thing", and "Stay".
1549;4;There we got "I'm Every Woman" obviously destined to become a soul classic, and inevitably became her signature song.
1549;5;There we got "I'm Every Woman" obviously destined to become a soul classic, and inevitably became her signature song.
1549;6;she shakes her tialfeather to this all around the house enjoying this CD so this is a must buy for people that are into Chaka Khan the old school music song it the right way
1549;7;There we got "I'm Every Woman" obviously destined to become a soul classic, and inevitably became her signature song.
1549;8;There we got "I'm Every Woman" obviously destined to become a soul classic, and inevitably became her signature song.
1549;9;I practice my best friend said she practiced her choreography dance moves off of this cd and this is an awesome buy as she's a big fan of Chaka Khan Chaka Khan is a very legendary singer  she loves and adores this icon so.
1549;10;She is wonderful with Bruce Hornsby in Love Me Still (such a romantic song).
1550;1;it took me a little while to get into this album, but when I did I enjoy it, It is just really good, the sound, the feel, it is a great second album for Rage!!
1550;2;Zack screams a little too much on this song, but it's pretty good...5.
1550;3;Zack screams a little too much on this song, but it's pretty good...5.
1550;4;Zack screams a little too much on this song, but it's pretty good...5.
1550;5;Zack screams a little too much on this song, but it's pretty good...5.
1550;6;There is a punk sensibility on this record that helps to drive home the sense of urgency and raw desperation.
1550;7;This cd is still terrific, and was brought to great popularity on the strength of the single "Bulls on Parade," a hard driving chugging song.
1550;8;I love the beat, lyrics are intelligent.
1550;9;Zack screams a little too much on this song, but it's pretty good...5.
1550;10;I love the beat, lyrics are intelligent.
1551;1;Sing Me Back Home is so good.....This version of Greatest Story Ever Told is my favourite version.
1551;2;There is an atmosphere at this show that makes me feel like I am there...The versions of nearly all of the tracks are quite brilliant.
1551;3;Sing Me Back Home is so good.....This version of Greatest Story Ever Told is my favourite version.
1551;4;"Dark Star" is a highlight, but the vocal standards are splendid too -- "Bird Song" and "Sing me back home" get lovely workouts, "Promised Land" as great energy, and "Deal" and "El Paso" go over well.
1551;5;There is an atmosphere at this show that makes me feel like I am there...The versions of nearly all of the tracks are quite brilliant.
1551;6;"Dark Star" is a highlight, but the vocal standards are splendid too -- "Bird Song" and "Sing me back home" get lovely workouts, "Promised Land" as great energy, and "Deal" and "El Paso" go over well.
1551;7;Each track is a trip back in time with Jerry and troupe!
1551;8;There is an atmosphere at this show that makes me feel like I am there...The versions of nearly all of the tracks are quite brilliant.
1551;9;God it is fun to listen to (and watch).
1551;10;I was expecting endless shots of naked hippies doing their usual terpsichorean movements, but the camera crew provides us with a beatiful variety of close-ups of the band in action, and different angle shots (even the always elusive Keith Godchaux appears on the screen a couple of times).
1544;1;As a result, I was able to enjoy the cd for 24 hours longer...I think that Clay did a good job of the cover songs, but the "keepers" on this cd are the original songs.
1544;2;Broken Wings is my least favorite but none of the songs are really bad or tunes I would skip...One thing I admire about Clay is that he does things his way and stays true to himself but is willing to try something new also.
1544;3;A thousand Different Ways  is a very good covers CD by Clay Aiken !
1544;4;Clay puts a nice twist on most of these pop standards from the '70s & '80s, especially BROKEN WINGS & HERE YOU COME AGAIN which sport truly unique arrangements.
1544;5;I've supported Clay since his American Idol days, and think he's matured beautifully with this 3rd album...With most of the songs being covers, listeners should instead focus on his interpretation and vocals, which are absolutely glorious.
1544;6;Another brilliant performance, clay's clean cut vocals cut through these.
1544;7;I've always liked when artists take a trip down memory lane and re-record other people's material and the songs picked for this CD are right up my alley (Paul Young, Bad English, Richard Marx, Elton John, Mr. Mister) All bands I really love.
1544;8;I love both the lyrics and the tempo of the song.
1544;9;And with Clay's summer tour 2007 you can bet it'll be a fantastic party and then Clay LIVE.
1544;10;I've always liked when artists take a trip down memory lane and re-record other people's material and the songs picked for this CD are right up my alley (Paul Young, Bad English, Richard Marx, Elton John, Mr. Mister) All bands I really love.
1545;1;Fantastic album the man was brilliant !
1545;2;While "Roland the Headless Thomson Gunner" keeps him in the wacky category, "Accidently Like a Martyr"  is a genuinely sad song about lost love.
1545;3;this bad boy does good...very talented.
1545;4;But like Lewis, he also does hearfelt ballads very well, and these outnumber the faster paced songs on the album 5-4.
1545;5;But like Lewis, he also does hearfelt ballads very well, and these outnumber the faster paced songs on the album 5-4.
1545;6;This album houses 9 songs that are all different from the other.
1545;7;My love for this record matches what I have for Randy Newman's "Good Old Boys"--I bought the LP, recorded it onto cassette for the car, and bought the CD when that format took over.
1545;8;While "Roland the Headless Thomson Gunner" keeps him in the wacky category, "Accidently Like a Martyr"  is a genuinely sad song about lost love.
1545;9;Not so here, from Johnny Strikes Up The Band to the great Lawyers Guns and Money every song is full of energy, slightly whacky and damn fun.
1545;10;While "Roland the Headless Thomson Gunner" keeps him in the wacky category, "Accidently Like a Martyr"  is a genuinely sad song about lost love.
1546;1;Not necessarily a favorite (haven't given it many listens really) but its a good song that you will most likely enjoy.
1546;2;Even the dreaded Loverboy, which garnered uniformly bad reviews is surprisingly and suddenly incredibly catchy (at least the remix)within the context of the CD!
1546;3;Mariah was by the turn of the millenium confident enough in herself creatively that she decided that she was in a good position to follow in the footsteps of her immediate predecessor in her genre Whitney Houston.
1546;4;The album is for her first movie by the same name, and sets us in the early 1980's.
1546;5;But alas, we rarely, if never read the respected Mariah Carey releases a soundtrack album that is simply beautiful.
1546;6;People who follow the trends and have no appreciation for anything out of the ordinary, will continue to throw stones from glass houses, but it's okay
1546;7;The album is for her first movie by the same name, and sets us in the early 1980's.
1546;8;Even the dreaded Loverboy, which garnered uniformly bad reviews is surprisingly and suddenly incredibly catchy (at least the remix)within the context of the CD!
1546;9;Last night A DJ is such infectious fun that you can't help but dance to it.
1546;10;I love this sound track
1547;1;good songs, i hear it often
1547;2;Take an already released album, add new tracks and the fans, even the ones who bought the original, will rush out and buy it.
1547;3;good songs, i hear it often
1547;4;Take an already released album, add new tracks and the fans, even the ones who bought the original, will rush out and buy it.
1547;5;Take an already released album, add new tracks and the fans, even the ones who bought the original, will rush out and buy it.
1547;6;I love the way he does M. Buble's Home.
1547;7;Take an already released album, add new tracks and the fans, even the ones who bought the original, will rush out and buy it.
1547;8;Take an already released album, add new tracks and the fans, even the ones who bought the original, will rush out and buy it.
1547;9;This CD contains a couple of Blake's fun songs - complete with the wit and storytelling that Blake and country music are known for.
1547;10;There are also a couple ballads to set a romantic mood and melt a lady's heart..."MORE Pure BS" contains an additional three songs, including Michael Buble's classic "Home".
1540;1;I like the DVD best because he makes you feel he is singing to you AND he is good looking in a bad boy/good boy old fashion new modern look.
1540;2;I like the DVD best because he makes you feel he is singing to you AND he is good looking in a bad boy/good boy old fashion new modern look.
1540;3;I like the DVD best because he makes you feel he is singing to you AND he is good looking in a bad boy/good boy old fashion new modern look.
1540;4;Reflects many moods with wonderful lyrics and shades of Roy Orbison's sound.
1540;5;Each part of this deserves five stars... CD, videos, commentary...Get this if you like any of Isaac's stuff or want to see what all the five-star ratings are about...Oh, and Chris, if you're reading this?
1540;6;Reflects many moods with wonderful lyrics and shades of Roy Orbison's sound.
1540;7;Reflects many moods with wonderful lyrics and shades of Roy Orbison's sound.
1540;8;Reflects many moods with wonderful lyrics and shades of Roy Orbison's sound.
1540;9;The DVD is fun Mr. Isaak has a great sense of humor.
1540;10;I love Chris Isaak's music, so the CD was a no brainer, but what I love the most is getting to watch his videos with his commentary.
1541;1;Closer is another ballad that, while not a song that sticks out to me, is a good song, you can definitely enjoy it quite a bit.
1541;2;Aerosmith's new cd has been getting alot of negative reviews but I think it is a great cd!
1541;3;This is a good album: don't understand the bad reviews.
1541;4;I would recommend it to anybody.
1541;5;Produced by genius producer read (Magical Ears!)
1541;6;I would recommend it to anybody.
1541;7;I would recommend it to anybody.
1541;8;Every listen I like a new song, a new riff, a new rhythm , and of course the lyrics.
1541;9;Steven's lyrics are so much fun.
1541;10;If you love Aerosmith, I can assure you, you will LOVE this album.
1542;1;a lot of fun, feel good songs on this cd
1542;2;I was told by others that it was bad, but I got into the songs very well.
1542;3;It will help you get in the good mood if you are having a bad day
1542;4;I love all kinds of music.
1542;5;I love all kinds of music.
1542;6;I love all kinds of music.
1542;7;It's beautiful and I love driving while listening =)
1542;8;I was told by others that it was bad, but I got into the songs very well.
1542;9;the whole album, just like the first one, is great, fun country music to listen to from the 1st track all the way to the end 
1542;10;I love all kinds of music.
1543;1;(well most of them) For me, this was the go-to best of album for MM, and if you want a good sampling of his work- this is the place.
1543;2;I love that his most popular and greatest hits in one compilation.
1543;3;(well most of them) For me, this was the go-to best of album for MM, and if you want a good sampling of his work- this is the place.
1543;4;I love that his most popular and greatest hits in one compilation.
1543;5;I love that his most popular and greatest hits in one compilation.
1543;6;This one rocks the house with some of the best he got and the remakes, such as Sweet Dreams.
1543;7;This CD is the perfect album to put in the can stereo and drive along.
1543;8;I love that his most popular and greatest hits in one compilation.
1543;9;Finally a collection of Manson's wild and fun videos.
1543;10;plus a couple of cool covers like tainted love and sweet dreams.
1536;1;And the sound is fantastic - clear, warm and full of ballsy clarity - and best of all - untampered...Musically how good is it to finally hear the "First Album" and especially "Rio Grande Mud" sound this kicking - a few seconds into slinky "Bedroom Thang", the harmonica boogie of "Mushmouth Shoutin'" and the rip of "Ko Ko Blue" and I'm in Rocking Nirvana.
1536;2;This is a great collection of ZZ Top.
1536;3;It keeps you focused on what you are hearing and not on what you are seeing...And what you will hear on these 10 CDs is good music, well presented and well mastered.
1536;4;This is a great collection of ZZ Top.
1536;5;It keeps you focused on what you are hearing and not on what you are seeing...And what you will hear on these 10 CDs is good music, well presented and well mastered.
1536;6;This is a great collection of ZZ Top.
1536;7;The aching seven and half minute Blues "Sure Got Cold After The Rain Fell" is surely one of their great forgotten classics...All the hits are here "La Grange", "Tush", "Jesus Just Left Chicago" and "Arrested For Driving While Blind" from the Seventies to the Eighties monsters "Gimme All Your Lovin'", "Legs", "TV Dinners", ""Sleeping Bag", "Rough Boy", "2000 Blues" and the stunning boogie slayer - "My Head's In Mississippi".
1536;8;This is a great collection of ZZ Top.
1536;9;This is a great box set, and it's really fun to begin with their First Album and work your way to Recycler.
1536;10;Playing the first 4 CDs from start to stop and enjoying the bluesy/rootsy sound of them,  ZZ Top are bluesmen at heart and their deep love of the style shows.
1537;1;Those vocals really take away the song, which has a good intro and outro.
1537;2;These guys are talented and know their stuff...Despite the three songs mentioned before have their flaws, they aren't bad, and the rest of the songs here are great.
1537;3;A collage of senses, the good and the bad vibes, all of that wonderful stuff.
1537;4;Total Trash, said before, is a workout of noise rock, one of the best songs on here.
1537;5;A two lp set that focused all their previous ideas into one cohesive and brilliant album.
1537;6;I also loved Dirty, which wasn't as popular, and saw them in New York (home ground) for their Washing Machine tour.
1537;7;You got Silver Rocket and Eric's Trip, and Hey Joni, three energetic songs with pounding beats (gotta love Eric's Trip).
1537;8;These guys are talented and know their stuff...Despite the three songs mentioned before have their flaws, they aren't bad, and the rest of the songs here are great.
1537;9;I first heard it at a party (yeah, it was that kind of party) and purchased it on good old two sided casette tape.
1537;10;Listen to it a couple of times to discover the secrets and become captivated by it's brilliance...For everyone who loves rock music!!!
1538;1;Searing guitar work, plaintive and emotional lyrics, great songwriting, wonderful melodic hooks, these guys have it all going on...And everything they know they throw at you - not to show you how technically good they are, but because their music has a lot of rock/blues/traditional Mexican/country influences and they want you to enjoy the mix-and-match as much as they do...Listen and enjoy!
1538;2;Los Lonely Boys provide a glimmer of hope with their debut album, a glimmer of hope that modern music is not all that bad and even today great bands can still appear and knock your senses of course to somewhere else where everything is dominated by pure emotion.
1538;3;& although VH1 is a good starting point its not enough.
1538;4;On this debut album, you get a real cross section of what Los Lonely Boys can do.
1538;5;I bought this CD after reading somewhere that Los Lonely Boys were Willie Nelson's favorite band at the moment and I figured if they were good enough for him they were good enough for me.
1538;6;They hail from San Angelo, Texas and their music is rooted in their home state.
1538;7;I popped this CD in the car this morning and what a true delight my driving experience was!!
1538;8;Los Lonely Boys provide a glimmer of hope with their debut album, a glimmer of hope that modern music is not all that bad and even today great bands can still appear and knock your senses of course to somewhere else where everything is dominated by pure emotion.
1538;9;But I just have to say that this band and this CD are just a whole lot of fun.
1538;10;I also love their strong sense of spirituality.
1539;1;Just a safe place for good things.
1539;2;All is here , everything is on this cd was so pleased I got this one.
1539;3;Just a safe place for good things.
1539;4;All is here , everything is on this cd was so pleased I got this one.
1539;5;All is here , everything is on this cd was so pleased I got this one.
1539;6;All is here , everything is on this cd was so pleased I got this one.
1539;7;All is here , everything is on this cd was so pleased I got this one.
1539;8;All is here , everything is on this cd was so pleased I got this one.
1539;9;All is here , everything is on this cd was so pleased I got this one.
1539;10;I just love the music on this cd.
1565;1;She paints such vivid pictures and strikes up emotions and feelings I didn't even know I had.
1565;2;Sara truly sings from the heart, and her insight into life and love and pain and understanding really borders on the remarkable.
1565;3;I really feel that one song isn't better than the rest.....They are all good!
1565;4;She is so sweet she will melt if it rains.
1565;5;Ms. Bareilles is wise beyond her years, and her intricate character studies show a depth of understanding and perspective about the situations life often dishes out to us.
1565;6;It has been nice to have music we agree on, and we even bought the book of sheet music so we can play and sing the songs ourselves at home.
1565;7;All the songs are great on this album, and can plenty of playtime in my car.
1565;8;Sara is a great songwriter with heartfelt and creative lyrics.
1565;9;Change from gang look in latest publicity shots to "fun leather" exterior is a welcomed and much more pleasing one, as is the pompadour with pony hair style.
1565;10;Buy this you will love it.
1564;1;The fun part is discovering what kind of music can be created from such creative song titles.
1564;2;But like an evergreen, and a knowing, if its American Classic Music, he be there.
1564;3;Rest in peace my friend!
1564;4;But like an evergreen, and a knowing, if its American Classic Music, he be there.
1564;5;But like an evergreen, and a knowing, if its American Classic Music, he be there.
1564;6;While some might have a problem with the celery or the okra, as far as I'm concerned, he still cooked up a great stew, with plenty of hearty meat and gravy.
1564;7;But like an evergreen, and a knowing, if its American Classic Music, he be there.
1564;8;It have feeling and emotion
1564;9;The fun part is discovering what kind of music can be created from such creative song titles.
1564;10;The beautiful tribute to his wife, the haunting Teena Marie track and the funky tunes are all what we have loved about his genius for years.
1567;1;If you enjoy the Moody Blues or are a fan of Haywards solo stuff, this is for you.
1567;2;The opener "In Your Blue Eyes" builds in Moody Blues-like fashion with Justin's guitar work stunning on the lovely melody and the lyric that makes me think it's a guy on his way to heaven, "And now I glide into the sunrise, now I kneel before your door
1567;3;very good album,i patricually like track 10,& like the remix to" I know your out there somewhere" the original being one of my favourite Moody Blues tracks,his best Album since "Songwriter"!!
1567;4;If you enjoy the Moody Blues or are a fan of Haywards solo stuff, this is for you.
1567;5;But after reading Justin's explanation of why they were included (in an interview), it brought a smile to my face and I now understand their inclusion.
1567;6;The opener "In Your Blue Eyes" builds in Moody Blues-like fashion with Justin's guitar work stunning on the lovely melody and the lyric that makes me think it's a guy on his way to heaven, "And now I glide into the sunrise, now I kneel before your door
1567;7;I listen to it on the way to work almost every day (I have a long drive), among other types of music.
1567;8;And not a whole lot of M.B. records either in this time...What we get here is classic Hayward, well-written songs, heatfelt and clever lyrics mostly about romantic love.
1567;9;Some of the tracks harken to the past, some have an terrific contemporary country-pop flavor to them, which would appeal to any contemporary Country Music Station programer, and the album even closes with a couple of cutting edge dance tracks pulling us into the future...Most of all, however, it is Justin's spiritual vision that makes this album so worthwhile.
1567;10;And not a whole lot of M.B. records either in this time...What we get here is classic Hayward, well-written songs, heatfelt and clever lyrics mostly about romantic love.
1566;1;I am very happy with this product and it was in very good shape and did not have no scratches either
1566;2;Thelma Houston did a great job covering this but Teddy along with the rest of Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes really outdo even themselves on this number
1566;3;Thelma Houston did a great job covering this but Teddy along with the rest of Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes really outdo even themselves on this number
1566;4;"Don't Leave Me This Way" sounds as terrific as it ever did
1566;5;"Don't Leave Me This Way" sounds as terrific as it ever did
1566;6;"Don't Leave Me This Way" sounds as terrific as it ever did
1566;7;"Don't Leave Me This Way" sounds as terrific as it ever did
1566;8;Thelma Houston did a great job covering this but Teddy along with the rest of Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes really outdo even themselves on this number
1566;9;"Don't Leave Me This Way" sounds as terrific as it ever did
1566;10;Of course, we know it really wasn't all that easy
1561;1;Listen to this cd, and then enjoy a fresh listen to whoever your contemporary favorites may be, and you'll hear where they're coming from.
1561;2;Also, the rollicking, good time "Honky Tonk Blues," "Honky Tonkin'","Jambalaya (On the Bayou),""Move It On Over," and "Hey Good Lookin'--" Williams wrote a lot of sad songs, but he didn't write only sad songs.
1561;3;You're cheating heart,You win again,I'm so lonesome I could cry,Hey good lookin',I'll never get out of this world alive, etc. (one classic follows another).
1561;4;I put it on my Shuffle and swim while listening to this great performer.
1561;5;I was not a big fan of country music in those days but I had heard and read enough about the man to know that he had played an important role in the history of American popular music.
1561;6;Every one of the forty tracks here is an undisputed,timeless classic!
1561;7;He passed away in the back seat of a car on New Years Day 1953 at the age of 29..."Hank Williams: 40 Greatest Hits" is a celebration of the music of this true American original.
1561;8;But these songs are remarkable for their intelligent, lyrics, and inventiveness.
1561;9;Fun listening to others sing along with Hank, brings back great memories!
1561;10;If you like Hank Williams you will love this album of his hits!
1560;1;I am very happy to learn that Beautiful stranger made it to the track list!
1560;2;Whilst GHV2 is a superb album with the songs it has to offer, I think it could've been so much better by adding hits such as the US No. 1 This Used To Be My Playground and other hits such as Rain, Bad Girl, Nothing Really Matters and her 2000 UK No. 1, American Pie.
1560;3;This is a good record.
1560;4;GHV2 is a great best of to have.
1560;5;GHV2 is a great best of to have.
1560;6;It was here that Madonna came clean with her past and was truly honest about how she felt and what she saw in life.
1560;7;"Take A Bow" is glorious, while "Ray Of Light" makes me wanna get in my car and drive "faster than the speed of light".
1560;8;Whilst GHV2 is a superb album with the songs it has to offer, I think it could've been so much better by adding hits such as the US No. 1 This Used To Be My Playground and other hits such as Rain, Bad Girl, Nothing Really Matters and her 2000 UK No. 1, American Pie.
1560;9;The former is a fantastic dance party track - the true definition of Madonna at her most up-beat and camp
1560;10;What really makes this compilation worth it is the inclusion of the Ray Of Light singles: "Frozen", "Ray Of Light", "The Power Of Goodbye", and "Drowned World/Substitute For Love".
1563;1;Sarah's vocals on this album are fantastic.
1563;2;"Deliver Me" began life here before becoming such a theme in the movie Brokedown Palace.
1563;3;Overall, it has a musically rich, relaxing mood, great for a soak on a peaceful evening, or to calm your nerves after a rough day in the "rat race."
1563;4;"Deliver Me" began life here before becoming such a theme in the movie Brokedown Palace.
1563;5;I disagree entirely with some comments I have read that refer to her 'sameness of tone' or 'small voice'.
1563;6;I have no idea of  what she is saying on the some of the tracks, but the feeling of it hits  "home".
1563;7;I have purchased several copies of this CD over the years for my own enjoyment (one in the house, one in the car, etc---before MP3 format came into play) and I have given it as a gift...She is amazingly talented and you will not be disappointed with this music!
1563;8;Also quite notable are "Deliver Me", the song that first attracted me to Sarah Brightman when I heard it on a "Pure Moods" album,  and also the Titanic theme with Italian lyrics.
1563;9;She makes opera fun to listen to (and i hate opera!)
1563;10;Love songs are much more romantic when you can't really understand what the lyrics mean, in my opinion...Un Jour Viendra- lovely French song that alternates pop and opera...Only an Ocean Away- A very epic love song!
1562;1;I am happy with this album experience.
1562;2;Thank you Prince for releasing an album of great music from opening to close.
1562;3;It was in very good condition.
1562;4;Thank you Prince for releasing an album of great music from opening to close.
1562;5;Thank you Prince for releasing an album of great music from opening to close.
1562;6;Now, I'll create my own at home.
1562;7;Thank you Prince for releasing an album of great music from opening to close.
1562;8;Thank you Prince for releasing an album of great music from opening to close.
1562;9;The feel is collaborative, but mainly FUN!
1562;10;I love this album which is, imo, what I expect from Prince.
1557;1;From "Sweetheart of the Rodeo" all  good things come.
1557;2;When Parsons takes over, he sounds like a man on a mission--there is real pain in his choice of God over his friends, and real conviction.
1557;3;From "Sweetheart of the Rodeo" all  good things come.
1557;4;I prefer the Parsons vocal, but  like the pedal steel work better on the album cut.)
1557;5;"Sweetheart of the Rodeo" is a fantastic recording that needs to be studied and listened to many times to fully appreciate its overt brilliance.
1557;6;I prefer the Parsons vocal, but  like the pedal steel work better on the album cut.)
1557;7;I prefer the Parsons vocal, but  like the pedal steel work better on the album cut.)
1557;8;I don't know why exactly, but I listened to the original vinyl record countless times in my younger days because I just loved the lyrics and the folk-rock twist on country music.
1557;9;I prefer the Parsons vocal, but  like the pedal steel work better on the album cut.)
1557;10;It's not my favourite Byrds album and I don't think it's their finest effort but it's a very good album and if you like country you will love this album.
1556;1;If I could, I would give this 10 stars -- it's that good.
1556;2;If I could, I would give this 10 stars -- it's that good.
1556;3;If I could, I would give this 10 stars -- it's that good.
1556;4;If I could, I would give this 10 stars -- it's that good.
1556;5;If I could, I would give this 10 stars -- it's that good.
1556;6;If I could, I would give this 10 stars -- it's that good.
1556;7;I know my wife will be very happy to take it with us on an upcoming 3,000 mile driving trip.
1556;8;He simply expresses feelings and emotions that can't help but connect with your soul and heart.
1556;9;John Denver mellow, soulful and fun music !!
1556;10;It's a gift for my mom and i know she love it!
1559;1;Its just good fun, pure thrash metal.
1559;2;I brought it sometime in the spring of 1995 along with Dark Angel's Decade Of Chaos (Best Of).
1559;3;since every album is good in its own way.
1559;4;I brought it sometime in the spring of 1995 along with Dark Angel's Decade Of Chaos (Best Of).
1559;5;Read on for my review...Well, this album is very different than all of the Slayer albums that succeeded it, because Slayer was still in transition between their NWOBHM roots and the extreme thrash powerhouse they would eventually become.
1559;6;I brought it sometime in the spring of 1995 along with Dark Angel's Decade Of Chaos (Best Of).
1559;7;its got some good riffs, pretty good vocals and driving drum beats.
1559;8;"Crionics" is a personal favorite of mine by the band, and is quite unique: melodic, galloping riffs, sci-fi lyrics, and a very progressive songwriting style, a great song to play at night.
1559;9;The rest of the album is, of course, incredible as well...Overall, this might be my personal favorite Slayer album, it's a bunch of dark, evil, horror-inspired thrash-metal fun.
1559;10;There is some heavy guitar work here with lightning speed which we all love.
1558;1;Deftones always makes good CDs.
1558;2;Even though it's sad that the band are enjoying a renewed sense of purpose while Cheng remains out of commission, it's rather remarkable given all they've been up against that they've remained this consistent and interesting for so long.
1558;3;Deftones always makes good CDs.
1558;4;Like I said in my title, it's up their with some of their best ones...If you like heavy rock that is interesting and has variation, definitely give this a chance...Buy
1558;5;All in all it's a great record but you are reading a review from a guy who's favorite 'Tones record is the self titled one....you know, the one that most fans don't like.
1558;6;Like I said in my title, it's up their with some of their best ones...If you like heavy rock that is interesting and has variation, definitely give this a chance...Buy
1558;7;Most of the songs on here have had their moment as the one song I had to put on as soon as I got into my car after work...The production on this album is top notch, crystal clear yet very heavy.
1558;8;Even though it's sad that the band are enjoying a renewed sense of purpose while Cheng remains out of commission, it's rather remarkable given all they've been up against that they've remained this consistent and interesting for so long.
1558;9;Goon Squad - Don't let the name fool you, the song is fun, aggressive and energetic, perhaps a little bit like 'CMND/CTRL' but with greater dynamics.
1558;10;I loved the album as soon as I listened to it.
1553;1;This would sound really good if he had done it today.
1553;2;Other top songs on the disc include "Boy Blue", "Overture", and "Dark City".
1553;3;This would sound really good if he had done it today.
1553;4;After I heard the actual album (before listening to the bonus tracks), my first impression is WOW!
1553;5;Ok if you are reading this you are not asking or looking to gain insight as to wether this is a great LP...Here is what you may want to know: Vinyl is clean and clear.
1553;6;Ok if you are reading this you are not asking or looking to gain insight as to wether this is a great LP...Here is what you may want to know: Vinyl is clean and clear.
1553;7;This is a great rock-classical hybrid which puts together Lynne's bizarre ideas of studio tricks with guitar that drives us all home to the Lost Horizon.
1553;8;I was in college, it was spring - I remember humming  to these songs - lyric phrases jumping in my head - early ELO was great.
1553;9;Elo was always a fun band to watch and listen.
1553;10;Nice concept album of a man in a dream world, who lives and breathes in the dream world and then finds himself back in the doldrums of reality, choosing to go back to the world that he loved...many people can relate to that story.
1552;1;I think Opeth has them all...And I'd recommend them to everyone looking for a good rock band to listen to...
1552;2;"A Fair Judgement" is definately my favorite
1552;3;I think Opeth has them all...And I'd recommend them to everyone looking for a good rock band to listen to...
1552;4;"A Fair Judgement" would certainly make for an excellent suicide song.
1552;5;Though imbued with the trademark Opeth dynamism, the songs have impressive riff economy and stay tightly focused - no mean feat for a fistful of 13-minute songs.
1552;6;This gives the music a frantic, driving feeling that was lacking on "Blackwater Park"...Finally, the new imagery introduced on the album cover of the old house and dolls is a very original and effective departure from the standard forest scenery on most albums of this genre...This is truly brilliant material, folks.
1552;7;This gives the music a frantic, driving feeling that was lacking on "Blackwater Park"...Finally, the new imagery introduced on the album cover of the old house and dolls is a very original and effective departure from the standard forest scenery on most albums of this genre...This is truly brilliant material, folks.
1552;8;Opeth have a way of playing that manages to convey a lot of emotion, whether you can make out the lyrics or not.
1552;9;"A Fair Judgement" would certainly make for an excellent suicide song.
1552;10;There are still of acoustic passages coupled with jazzy solos (ala "Morningrise") with Akerfeldt's smooth vocals overlapping it all, but there are fewer of them than previous outings.
1555;1;This a really good one I enjoy the music that's just good to listen to.
1555;2;The latter has an ethereal, spacious atmosphere that at once sets it apart from his other material, utilizing his lyrical strengths with a drivingly catchy melody, while the former ruminates romantically over a soothing chorus that laps gently up and down like waves on the shoreline...Mraz also radiates genuine heartache with Boyz II Men's "It's So Hard to Say Goodbye to Yesterday."
1555;3;The song is as much an optimistic look toward tomorrow as it is a bittersweet moment of taking stock - it ideally sits among the album's original songs...Sounding relaxed and yet invested is a rarity that Mraz pulls off in spades on "Yes!"
1555;4;The latter has an ethereal, spacious atmosphere that at once sets it apart from his other material, utilizing his lyrical strengths with a drivingly catchy melody, while the former ruminates romantically over a soothing chorus that laps gently up and down like waves on the shoreline...Mraz also radiates genuine heartache with Boyz II Men's "It's So Hard to Say Goodbye to Yesterday."
1555;5;The latter has an ethereal, spacious atmosphere that at once sets it apart from his other material, utilizing his lyrical strengths with a drivingly catchy melody, while the former ruminates romantically over a soothing chorus that laps gently up and down like waves on the shoreline...Mraz also radiates genuine heartache with Boyz II Men's "It's So Hard to Say Goodbye to Yesterday."
1555;6;If you want a great preview of it, get on youtube and look for the "Mranch" series of videos, which are from an outdoor  "live" performance of all of these songs, performed at Mraz's own home (and organic avocado farm!)
1555;7;The latter has an ethereal, spacious atmosphere that at once sets it apart from his other material, utilizing his lyrical strengths with a drivingly catchy melody, while the former ruminates romantically over a soothing chorus that laps gently up and down like waves on the shoreline...Mraz also radiates genuine heartache with Boyz II Men's "It's So Hard to Say Goodbye to Yesterday."
1555;8;His lyrics are beautiful and uplifting.
1555;9;The latter has an ethereal, spacious atmosphere that at once sets it apart from his other material, utilizing his lyrical strengths with a drivingly catchy melody, while the former ruminates romantically over a soothing chorus that laps gently up and down like waves on the shoreline...Mraz also radiates genuine heartache with Boyz II Men's "It's So Hard to Say Goodbye to Yesterday."
1555;10;Love love love this CD!
1554;1;This CD is available at a surprisingly good price.
1554;2;Everybody knows "Walk on the Wild Side," but erotic anthems like "Andy's Chest" and the surprisingly gentle "(A) Perfect Day" now have classic status too.
1554;3;This CD is available at a surprisingly good price.
1554;4;Everybody knows "Walk on the Wild Side," but erotic anthems like "Andy's Chest" and the surprisingly gentle "(A) Perfect Day" now have classic status too.
1554;5;A top job done.....The words alone on this record should elicit classrooms full of study  witty, street savvy, butch and snarling  characters are looking for Soul food and a place to eat.
1554;6;Everybody knows "Walk on the Wild Side," but erotic anthems like "Andy's Chest" and the surprisingly gentle "(A) Perfect Day" now have classic status too.
1554;7;Everybody knows "Walk on the Wild Side," but erotic anthems like "Andy's Chest" and the surprisingly gentle "(A) Perfect Day" now have classic status too.
1554;8;There are some highly-frustrating aspects to Reed's career, but the only drama here concerns the gamut of emotions he conveyed through the brilliant lyrics.
1554;9;.40+ years later ( as of 2015), and this album and these songs still feel "fresh" and are just as fun to listen to as they were in 1972!
1554;10;the cheesy but sweet, 'sattelite of love,' (another of his best songs), and, 'goodnight ladies,' with it's haunting brass section follows.
1763;1;Seven Stones is a fantastic song about an old man's method of making decisions.
1763;2;This album is an essential masterpiece.
1763;3;If you have any doubts whether this would be a good Genesis purchase, have no fear, well worth the money.
1763;4;This album is an essential masterpiece.
1763;5;This album is an essential masterpiece.
1763;6;Genesis in fact, never abandoned their prog-rock roots, even with their heavily polished, squeaky clean production of their 1983 self-titled debut and Invisible Touch as well as We Can't Dance and even Calling All Stations.
1763;7;The combination of hard rocking guitar,  driving bass and drums, Hammond organ and piano, with awe inspiring vocals: made them the best progressive rock band ever.
1763;8;The Genesis men play the material with passion & ferocity, and Peter Gabriel sings with great emotion (and he's also an excellent flute player, t'boot).
1763;9;Its a very fun and silly song, with a melody that everyone can get use to.
1763;10;I love The Musical Box, what a great start to the album, For Absent Friends is just a simple tune but one that shows the goodness of humanity and the simplicity of ordinary life.
1762;1;I recommend it to anyone who enjoys good solid music and fun at the same time.
1762;2;Scotty is at his usual best here and there's not a bad track on the album!
1762;3;"Christmas Comin' Round Again" captures the Christmas spirit in a fine, new country music ballad that I could never get tired of hearing
1762;4;Scotty's  voice is terrific on all the tracks.
1762;5;Scotty's  voice is terrific on all the tracks.
1762;6;Scotty's  voice is terrific on all the tracks.
1762;7;Scotty's  voice is terrific on all the tracks.
1762;8;Scotty is at his usual best here and there's not a bad track on the album!
1762;9;I recommend it to anyone who enjoys good solid music and fun at the same time.
1762;10;Love Christmas music and Scotty has an amazing voice to sing these Christmas classics.
1761;1;This album was really good like most of his albums.
1761;2;This album was really good like most of his albums.
1761;3;This album was really good like most of his albums.
1761;4;This album was really good like most of his albums.
1761;5;This album I really he really focused on making a great album.
1761;6;This album was really good like most of his albums.
1761;7;But the genuine emotion and the overreaching theme of forgiveness and closure mixed with gorgeous music will drive anyone with a heart to their emotional knees with lyrics like "it shouldn't be a surprise the forgiveness in your eyes gave me a second chance
1761;8;But the genuine emotion and the overreaching theme of forgiveness and closure mixed with gorgeous music will drive anyone with a heart to their emotional knees with lyrics like "it shouldn't be a surprise the forgiveness in your eyes gave me a second chance
1761;9;But the genuine emotion and the overreaching theme of forgiveness and closure mixed with gorgeous music will drive anyone with a heart to their emotional knees with lyrics like "it shouldn't be a surprise the forgiveness in your eyes gave me a second chance
1761;10;I absolutely  love it i listen to my Mp3 version constantly since i have purchased it I am a Huge fan of Tim and Faith
1760;1;After the first listen to this album, I was quite happy & I thought that Kiss is a Very GOOD group.
1760;2;Really good way to start off the album..."Parasite": Love that riff!
1760;3;Really good way to start off the album..."Parasite": Love that riff!
1760;4;Really good way to start off the album..."Parasite": Love that riff!
1760;5;Really good way to start off the album..."Parasite": Love that riff!
1760;6;It is, to be blunt, lo-fi, and sharply contrasts with their next record, Dressed to Kill, which is very clean and bright sounding.
1760;7;- romantic attraction, lust, strong sex drive, sexual obsession, sexy appearance, adultery ("Got to choose", "Parasite", "Hotter than hell", "Watchin' you")
1760;8;The lyrics are really cool and the vocals are excellent.
1760;9;The chorus is perfect, the mood fun and energetic.
1760;10;Really good way to start off the album..."Parasite": Love that riff!
1767;1;this album, it is an awesome album, filled with words and music compiled into songs that express many different emotions.
1767;2;.2) Heart-to Lyrics.Words  convey the truth
1767;3;This is the  perfect album to listen to while you're relaxing or dozing off, and it sort  of drifts you away to a dream land with it's great instrumentals and  vocals.
1767;4;you have to give him credit, going from the lead singer to basically a back-up, with john the center of attention all the time (understandibly).
1767;5;Please note that all the songs are excellent if you  read and fully understand the lyrics.
1767;6;you have to give him credit, going from the lead singer to basically a back-up, with john the center of attention all the time (understandibly).
1767;7;The combination of poetic lyrics and creative composition and hard driving guitar work makes this CD an alternative rock classic.
1767;8;this album, it is an awesome album, filled with words and music compiled into songs that express many different emotions.
1767;9;It's a fun, upbeat album that's full of meaning.
1767;10;Musically, it is very romantic in a small town sense and lyrically is about dynamics of young man coming to peace with the fact that his girlfriend "May" has had an abortion ("Don't you love the life you've killed, the priest is on the phone....).
1766;1;Kim Thayill is still amazing on guitar, Matt Cameron is still amazing on drums
1766;2;Best money I've spent all year for what could be THE rock album of 2012.
1766;3;Kim Thayill is still amazing on guitar, Matt Cameron is still amazing on drums
1766;4;Best money I've spent all year for what could be THE rock album of 2012.
1766;5;Just read Yarm's "Oral History of Grunge" - Great Book!
1766;6;Best money I've spent all year for what could be THE rock album of 2012.
1766;7;Best money I've spent all year for what could be THE rock album of 2012.
1766;8;I really like All the songs on the incredible KING ANIMAL....it like the old GARDEN with a modern production....Cornell's voice is just AMAZING, and his lyrics are meaninful ans interesting...Kim Thayl is one of the BEST guitar players EVER, and Matt Cameron and Ben Sheperd are great musicians too....BONES OF BIRDS, BEEN AWAY TOO LONG, NON STATE ACTORS, BLOOD ON THE VALLEY FLOOR, TAREE, ATTRICTION and BY CROOKES STEPS are among SOUNDGARDEN's best stuff!!!!!!
1766;9;Best money I've spent all year for what could be THE rock album of 2012.
1766;10;hey i've been a fan of this band forever and then chris went his own way and i loved his solo stuff.
1765;1;Just listen and be happy that this good music is available to us.
1765;2;1 & 2 have positive and negative reviews.
1765;3;They spent a lot of time on the 2009 remasters, and I think they sound really good.
1765;4;If you are a Beatles fan this is a must buy!
1765;5;It's funny to read how we U.S. fans hearken for the LP's to which we'd grown accustomed - that the first two releases were solid and then to read that most of what followed was dodgy in comparison to the U.K. releases (e.g. U.S. albums with 7 tracks plus filler).
1765;6;If you are a Beatles fan this is a must buy!
1765;7;If you are a Beatles fan this is a must buy!
1765;8;When I listen to the lyrics I picture Kumars romantic relationship with pot in those movies.
1765;9;But I digress from the real, serious fun -- immense, intense (almost like mainlined) fun -- which is the music...And what more could you want from recordings made 50 years ago (except, perhaps, to be 50 years younger . . . .)?
1765;10;First, I absolutely love the packaging, similar to how I love the mono box, and these are just so much better than the 2009 stereo UK albums in terms of packaging.
1764;1;Also check out a cool video for Im not okay and that is a good judging point on whether you will enjoy this band or not.
1764;2;Pretty much all of the songs are catchy, and each one could be a single, which isn't a bad thing.
1764;3;Surprizingly good, was my enicial reaction, amazing was my second!
1764;4;Three Cheers is one of the best melodic hardcore cds I have bought this whole year!
1764;5;ok, i read reviews for "I brought you my bullets you brought me your love", and half the people there are just talking about how MCR "sold out" when they came out with this album.
1764;6;I myself do not wear black eyeliner or nail polish and my hair is always clean and groomed.
1764;7;The best song has to be "You know what they do to guys like us in prison" featuring Bert McCracken (the used) it has great lyrics and a driving meleody.
1764;8;Nice lyrics and a strange guitar riff make this a cool song, it's no wonder it's a big hit.
1764;9;Three Cheers is one of the best melodic hardcore cds I have bought this whole year!
1764;10;If you feel in love with I Gave You My Bullets then you will with Three Cheers.
1771;1;Not just good, but absolutely fantastic.
1771;2;I Am A Dj and this is the best place to get music and it is always as reported never gotten a bad cd
1771;3;Good selection of Eagles tunes and goes well with volume 1.
1771;4;Not quite as essential as their first hits collection as you can do better by buying the above two albums, but the songs are still great.
1771;5;I enjoy reading other reviews before contributing.
1771;6;Not quite as essential as their first hits collection as you can do better by buying the above two albums, but the songs are still great.
1771;7;Still a terrific collection, with great songs that are always fun to listen to and dig on a sunny drive.
1771;8;I Am A Dj and this is the best place to get music and it is always as reported never gotten a bad cd
1771;9;Still a terrific collection, with great songs that are always fun to listen to and dig on a sunny drive.
1771;10;These were really priced well and just love the Eagles.
1770;1;Whomever is writing these songs good job
1770;2;Such sad lyrics with such uplifting singing.
1770;3;Whomever is writing these songs good job
1770;4;Also a great workout song.
1770;5;Footprints song is best song on the original cut of the album!!
1770;6;Footprints song is best song on the original cut of the album!!
1770;7;Footprints song is best song on the original cut of the album!!
1770;8;Such sad lyrics with such uplifting singing.
1770;9;Also a good workout song while you're not dancing to it at the clubs.
1770;10;I love the song to death.
1769;1;the good rythm section on return of the giant hogweed and of course everybody else's favorite the musical box.
1769;2;The whole cd is excellent...the fading in out of the fountain of salmacis.
1769;3;the good rythm section on return of the giant hogweed and of course everybody else's favorite the musical box.
1769;4;The whole cd is excellent...the fading in out of the fountain of salmacis.
1769;5;The whole cd is excellent...the fading in out of the fountain of salmacis.
1769;6;Genesis in fact, never abandoned their prog-rock roots, even with their heavily polished, squeaky clean production of their 1983 self-titled debut and Invisible Touch as well as We Can't Dance and even Calling All Stations.
1769;7;Collins, in particular, lends the group some virtuosic credibility, and I love his drumming on this record - he is the driving energetic force behind the music, due in large part to the improvisational, polyrhythmic, jazz/fusion style that he had at this point in time.
1769;8;The Genesis men play the material with passion & ferocity, and Peter Gabriel sings with great emotion (and he's also an excellent flute player, t'boot).
1769;9;It is die hard PROG ROCK but fun.
1769;10;I just love the buzzing guitar chord changes in the beginning of it and its menacing musicianship and Gabriels fierce storytelling vocals and it truly showcases its theme.
1768;1;I cannot think of one song here that does not accurately represent Dean's talent as an entertainer as well as an amazing good man...In addition, the songs sound absolutely fantastic, and the liner notes by Steven Van Zandt and others are simply outstanding.
1768;2;Although I can't call any thirty songs a complete collection of Dean Martin's "essential" hits, this single CD does do a fairly good job at this.
1768;3;Although I can't call any thirty songs a complete collection of Dean Martin's "essential" hits, this single CD does do a fairly good job at this.
1768;4;Although I can't call any thirty songs a complete collection of Dean Martin's "essential" hits, this single CD does do a fairly good job at this.
1768;5;The majority of all Dean Martin compilations focus on either one or the other, but the superlative "Dino: The Essential Dean Martin" makes room for his most beloved recordings from both labels.
1768;6;I listen to him in the car, at work, at home while cooking.......an inspiration.
1768;7;I listen to him in the car, at work, at home while cooking.......an inspiration.
1768;8;He has a wonderful way of singing lyrics like no other singer from his time.
1768;9;"Dino, The Essential Dean Martin" provides a great retrospective of the singer/actor/comedian who first came to fame as the straight man in the comedy team of Martin and Lewis, and later became famous in his own right as one of the Rat Pack, as an actor, and as a very talented singer...This collection has ballads, whimsy, dance songs, and even a few attemps at country music.
1768;10;Use to love to watch his TV shows.
1775;1;Opening with "Smooth Operator," which makes particularly good use of Stuart Matthewman on sax, the entire collection flows effortlessly from cut to cut--some dark, some slightly dissonate, some slightly upbeat, and every one of them memorable in the most haunting way imaginable.
1775;2;The first cut, Smooth Operator, is definitely classic.
1775;3;Opening with "Smooth Operator," which makes particularly good use of Stuart Matthewman on sax, the entire collection flows effortlessly from cut to cut--some dark, some slightly dissonate, some slightly upbeat, and every one of them memorable in the most haunting way imaginable.
1775;4;The first cut, Smooth Operator, is definitely classic.
1775;5;So, I didn't look for any vocal gymnastics from her, but her songs on the "Diamond Life" album was custom made to groove to, to mellow-out with, and frankly, to study with.
1775;6;The first cut, Smooth Operator, is definitely classic.
1775;7;in general, Music's Sade is so good, but when you listen this album, you get more than a real good album, is a trip through mesmerizing dound that over your senses.
1775;8;And love this lyric:  "'So trust in me!'
1775;9;Even though the subject matter is a bit of downer, the lyrics are sung in a fun, infectious way...Love Affair with Life brings images of a smoky nightclub in the heart of London to mind.
1775;10;This is definitely an album for a romantic evening.
1774;1;That's no knock as I enjoy fun music too but I enjoy being challenged and I am impressed when someone is willing to share thoughts that challenge me as an adult.
1774;2;And I totally disagree with that reviewer who didn't like his earlier works - Peter is one of the few artists whom I can honestly say has consistently created quality music - he has never made a bad album!
1774;3;And I totally disagree with that reviewer who didn't like his earlier works - Peter is one of the few artists whom I can honestly say has consistently created quality music - he has never made a bad album!
1774;4;that's all I can say... sends chills down my spine every time I hear it... who said PG "phoned in" his vocal performances on this CD??????)
1774;5;Most all of you reading this already know how special this album is - perhaps PG's greatest achievement...When you listen to this SACD, be prepared for the heavenly gates that will quickly open.
1774;6;His lyrics nail exactly what they are looking for in the way of humanity's foibles, and the Beach Boys-inspired vocals make this a bitter pill that can still be swallowed...If the schizophrenic beat & tempo at the top of the album had not convinced you this is challenging & thought-provoking music, "My Head Sounds Like That" will drive it home for sure.
1774;7;PG is constantly changing and growing and giving those of us willing to take the trip something intereting to listen to.
1774;8;His lyrics are brilliant, and the emotion he brings to his music is unsurpassed.
1774;9;Growing up (fun, intelligent, great use of sound and layering).
1774;10;Simply LOOOVE this album and highly recommend it for anyone that loves Mr. Gabriel's music!!
1773;1;He makes me sound good as I sing along.
1773;2;But not in the bad sense...I mean, this record is "so" good.
1773;3;But not in the bad sense...I mean, this record is "so" good.
1773;4;He makes me sound good as I sing along.
1773;5;A simple, focused mix wins every time.
1773;6;The production on this CD version is crisp and clean too.
1773;7;Got it for my wife and she has had it in the CD player in her car for a week now.
1773;8;But not in the bad sense...I mean, this record is "so" good.
1773;9;He makes me sound good as I sing along.
1773;10;'Ready For Love' is one of the highlights of the album - its very much a soulful and romantic track with a great fusion of keyboard, guitar and vocal harmonisation.
1772;1;I was pleasantly surprised with how much I enjoyed this greatest hits compilation.
1772;2;Great album from a band that came and went.
1772;3;been a long time since i hear them really good tunes  great cd
1772;4;Great album from a band that came and went.
1772;5;Great album from a band that came and went.
1772;6;For those of us who like 70's era  music, those of us that grew up in this era, those of us that cant relate  to the music of today, you can come home again with Firefall-greatest hits.
1772;7;Great album from a band that came and went.
1772;8;Great album from a band that came and went.
1772;9;Great album from a band that came and went.
1772;10;She loved the first album and played it alot while we were dating.
1778;1;This was a fantastic 2007 concert by the late Amy Winehouse.
1778;2;It's a very sad and tragic but not uncommon story of intense God given talent bestowed upon a lovely but quite ordinary child - where...when the full measure and weight of that talent is realized - the person is so awed by their own power, they are compelled to run from it.
1778;3;Vendor was great in getting the product to me on time and in good condition, as promised.
1778;4;She will live forever in her music, and the hearts.of her fans.
1778;5;She will live forever in her music, and the hearts.of her fans.
1778;6;She will live forever in her music, and the hearts.of her fans.
1778;7;She will live forever in her music, and the hearts.of her fans.
1778;8;It's a very sad and tragic but not uncommon story of intense God given talent bestowed upon a lovely but quite ordinary child - where...when the full measure and weight of that talent is realized - the person is so awed by their own power, they are compelled to run from it.
1778;9;Backup guys are just the best as always... a very, very fun concert, we smiled the whole way through.
1778;10;If you love Amy's recorded music, you will gain a.whole new respect for her after seeing this live.recording.
1779;1;Bookends is a must have for anyone who truly enjoys good folk rock.
1779;2;It's sad and yet it's beautiful.
1779;3;That is a great song, although it isn't as good as "OLD FRIENDS", which has beautiful strings and soaring harmonies from the two.
1779;4;In addition, "Punky's Dilemma" sports a mellow flavor that showcases the talents of Simon & Garfunkel
1779;5;My wife just bought me a new record player...yeah, you read that right.
1779;6;A tear sits alone in the corner of your eye as you crack a smile and walk back home renewed.
1779;7;It caught them at a time when they, too, were going through changes and transistions, endings and new beginnings...Life's a trip...pack accordingly.
1779;8;"Punky's Dilemma" is a fun song and unavoidably comes across as such with lyrics like, "Wish I was an English muffin, 'Bout to make the most out of a toaster.
1779;9;Getting back to some fun, "A Hazy Shade of Winter" with it's electric psyche-folk, the British Invasion only wishes it could have written, reminds us to dance and dance with joy.
1779;10;But once I finally had the album, I loved it and knew it had been worth the wait... In some ways this is a concept album
1776;1;This one took a while for me to enjoy, but let it grow on you and you can see why it's good.
1776;2;Top Gun ( Expanded Edition) gets  all the Stars and Stripes it deserves for the music and great memories as a  teenager in the mid 80's !
1776;3;Still, the perfect example of a packaged soundtrack that's actually good.
1776;4;Top Gun ( Expanded Edition) gets  all the Stars and Stripes it deserves for the music and great memories as a  teenager in the mid 80's !
1776;5;Top Gun ( Expanded Edition) gets  all the Stars and Stripes it deserves for the music and great memories as a  teenager in the mid 80's !
1776;6;Good music, comfortable active driving and home listening music.
1776;7;Both this song and "Danger Zone" is refreshing for long car trips.
1776;8;I was never a Kenny Loggins fan, but with the right  music, lyrics, and producer his contributions were very well accepted.
1776;9;Still fun to listen and remember what we were doing and feeling.
1776;10;Even the ballads were not just chick songs
1777;1;If you enjoy good music from the eighties then you will enjoy this.
1777;2;This is one of the best soundtracks of all time and the music is just wonderful.
1777;3;If you enjoy good music from the eighties then you will enjoy this.
1777;4;This is one of the best soundtracks of all time and the music is just wonderful.
1777;5;This is one of the best soundtracks of all time and the music is just wonderful.
1777;6;Good music, comfortable active driving and home listening music.
1777;7;Both this song and "Danger Zone" is refreshing for long car trips.
1777;8;I was never a Kenny Loggins fan, but with the right  music, lyrics, and producer his contributions were very well accepted.
1777;9;Great summertime soundtrack, perfect for BBQs and beach parties.
1777;10;I have added a couple photos of the CD (see above).
1782;1;The lyrics penetrate your soul, and the message points straight to Jesus...Good stuff.
1782;2;"The Last Night" continues this with it's lyrics about the pain that pushes people to self-destructive behavior like Cutting.
1782;3;The lyrics penetrate your soul, and the message points straight to Jesus...Good stuff.
1782;4;The music (guitar riffs included) keep you drawn in...Some of my favorite songs from the album are: Rebirthing, Comatose, The Last Night, Yours to Hold, The Older I Get, Those Nights, Say Goodbye and Whispers in the Dark...I highly recommend this album if you want to listen to some down to earth Christian rock!!!
1782;5;Granted, the songs on Comatose are full of positive messages that just about anyone can enjoy and find meaning in, and while they may not make explicit mention of Jesus Christ it is easy to tell that He is what they are referring to if you read the lyrics.
1782;6;The music (guitar riffs included) keep you drawn in...Some of my favorite songs from the album are: Rebirthing, Comatose, The Last Night, Yours to Hold, The Older I Get, Those Nights, Say Goodbye and Whispers in the Dark...I highly recommend this album if you want to listen to some down to earth Christian rock!!!
1782;7;So yes, I highly recommend this album to anyone who likes good, hard driving rock music with incredible lyrics and vocals.
1782;8;The lyrics are deep, yet still rater typical, but John Cooper really shines, for I dare say I haven't heard a record with this much passion and emotion in the singing.
1782;9;What a fun twist to Christian music.
1782;10;I love the use of strings in a few of their songs, like "Rebirthing" - what a song to open with!
1783;1;One of the longest compositions on the album, this piece is a roller coaster ride of varying tempos, moods, and emotions, a good microcosm of Entroducing as a whole.
1783;2;I was recommended this by a colleague that I worked with in Holland in '97 having chatted about various types of music that we liked.
1783;3;This album has everything: Soul, hard hitting smashing good hip hop beats, ambience, and the list goes on.
1783;4;I was recommended this by a colleague that I worked with in Holland in '97 having chatted about various types of music that we liked.
1783;5;While certainly neither the first to sample nor investing in a large amount of samples, the direction, focus, and articulation of a generation can be surmised within the record.
1783;6;I was recommended this by a colleague that I worked with in Holland in '97 having chatted about various types of music that we liked.
1783;7;An essential album for the trip hop/sampling collector.
1783;8;There are phat beats, quiet interludes, and a he|| of a lot of emotions in this CD.
1783;9;Half the fun is figuring out where all the samples come from!
1783;10;Buy it, love it, Come back and tell me that I was right.
1780;1;Another 'fun' song, but just as good is "Little Red Shoes" where Loretta tells a little story to some background music...It is this absolutely fantastic team of modern-day rock star and country-western honky-tonk queen that does the job.
1780;2;Rather, her delivery is warm, heartfelt, filled with pathos & pain, yet shot through with optimism.
1780;3;It's a really good cd.
1780;4;I was a little worried that Jack White of the White Stripes would somehow corrupt Loretta Lynn's style -  but he has masterfully produced this album, adding modern personal touches that add to, not detract from the classic Loretta Lynn sound.
1780;5;I have never owned another Loretta Lynn album, but after I read all of the hype surrounding "Van Lear Rose," I bought it, and wow - it's quite impressive.
1780;6;It is clean pure and straight from her hear and at 70 years old she continues in this direction.
1780;7;The rest of the song tells of a man and woman meeting in a bar for a night of passion, driven by great guitar, wonderful vocals, and great lyrics.
1780;8;Aided by Jack White of the White Stripes and with a great band backing them up, this album doesn't have a skippable track on it...The lyrics are vintage country, telling beautiful yet tragic and epic tales, possibly from Loretta's past but mostly in keeping with the country tradition of singing about love and loss.
1780;9;This is an immensely fun album to listen to and Loretta Lynn is in top form.
1780;10;Aided by Jack White of the White Stripes and with a great band backing them up, this album doesn't have a skippable track on it...The lyrics are vintage country, telling beautiful yet tragic and epic tales, possibly from Loretta's past but mostly in keeping with the country tradition of singing about love and loss.
1781;1;This is what a good GH album does.
1781;2;This Album is also very moody from the sad songs like "disarm" and "eye", the love songs "stand inside your love" and "perfect", the angry songs "like Bullet with Butterfly Wings" and "Zero", and the happy songs like "today" and "[untitled]".
1781;3;This is what a good GH album does.
1781;4;You have got to get this amazing greatest hits cd.
1781;5;I read other Amazon reviews for Pumpkins CDs and selected this because I wanted a best of the best solid collection.
1781;6;It's all their hit stuff that you crank up on your drive home, but it's also a lot of unreleased goodies that give you something new and spectacular to listen to.
1781;7;It's all their hit stuff that you crank up on your drive home, but it's also a lot of unreleased goodies that give you something new and spectacular to listen to.
1781;8;His lyrics are very poetic and express a lot of emotion, and I think his voice works perfectly with the songs and no one else could have sung the songs and worked as well as his did...As many other people have said, a great introduction and I am planing on buying the individual albums now.
1781;9;Disc 2 is where the fun begins because everyone knows pretty much everything off Disc 1.
1781;10;Throw in a couple of tracks that appeared only on soundtracks (Drown and Eye) and another couple of previously unrealsed (Real Love and Untitled) and you've got yourself a fairly basic greatest hits package.
1786;1;The band is having a lot of fun on it.
1786;2;Good beat, good lyrics, not a bad choice for a single.
1786;3;Good beat, good lyrics, not a bad choice for a single.
1786;4;They deliver again on Black Ice.
1786;5;They deliver again on Black Ice.
1786;6;The bass is fantastically clean and punchy.
1786;7;Nonetheless, Angus's and Malcolm's guitars are in your face, supported by Cliff's driving bass, and Phil's impeccable drumming -- the latter two, due to beautiful production, sound great and give the whole recording a real sense of depth.
1786;8;Good beat, good lyrics, not a bad choice for a single.
1786;9;The band is having a lot of fun on it.
1786;10;I had this as a 4 star because of a few weaker tracks near the end, but even Back in Black has me skipping a couple and I love that album.
1787;1;I was very pleased we checked it out and we've since bought the music since we had checked it out three times and were still playing it...Overall, surprisingly, no complaints here, good songs, good music and a fun album~
1787;2;If you love great lyrics, Acoustic music, and silky smooth vocals, this album is a must have.
1787;3;His collaborations are awesome, with old songs, as well as a few good ones newly written.
1787;4;If you love great lyrics, Acoustic music, and silky smooth vocals, this album is a must have.
1787;5;If you love great lyrics, Acoustic music, and silky smooth vocals, this album is a must have.
1787;6;If you love great lyrics, Acoustic music, and silky smooth vocals, this album is a must have.
1787;7;If you love great lyrics, Acoustic music, and silky smooth vocals, this album is a must have.
1787;8;If you love great lyrics, Acoustic music, and silky smooth vocals, this album is a must have.
1787;9;I was very pleased we checked it out and we've since bought the music since we had checked it out three times and were still playing it...Overall, surprisingly, no complaints here, good songs, good music and a fun album~
1787;10;If you love great lyrics, Acoustic music, and silky smooth vocals, this album is a must have.
1784;1;Excellent rock/rap album- Every song on the cd is good and its a fun cd to listen to.
1784;2;The first songs that I remember first hearing by Kid Rock are Bawitdaba and I Am The Bullgod through a local alternative radio station the frequently played Kid Rocks music.
1784;3;Takes a good artist to be worth stealing.
1784;4;It's got a good beat to it, and it gets the blood pumping, which would make this a great CD to take along with you to the gym to listen to while you workout!
1784;5;The first songs that I remember first hearing by Kid Rock are Bawitdaba and I Am The Bullgod through a local alternative radio station the frequently played Kid Rocks music.
1784;6;So much belter than the clean version.
1784;7;The first songs that I remember first hearing by Kid Rock are Bawitdaba and I Am The Bullgod through a local alternative radio station the frequently played Kid Rocks music.
1784;8;With lyrics as smooth as Dr. Dre's, this Kid can Rock.
1784;9;this is a great cd, it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1784;10;They eventually break up again but the guy eventually raises the son as his own and loves him very much even to this day.
1785;1;It's not what everyone expected, but it's still good.
1785;2;give it a try, listen to it at least twice with an open mind not closing a ------- door.
1785;3;It's not what everyone expected, but it's still good.
1785;4;give it a try, listen to it at least twice with an open mind not closing a ------- door.
1785;5;give it a try, listen to it at least twice with an open mind not closing a ------- door.
1785;6;As I was driving home with my friend we popped it in.
1785;7;As I was driving home with my friend we popped it in.
1785;8;This is a bouncy song with a catchy chorus, retro sounding guitars, ELO-style harmonies and lyrics that reference the album title...Most of the song titles are apparently lines appearing in the songs themselves.
1785;9;At The Disco's usual style, it's still a wonderful album full of calming and fun tunes!
1785;10;i loved their first album,a fever, and still do.
1790;1;Beautiful music, fantastic voices and they are good looking too!
1790;2;"Ave Maria" is a pretty song and these guys work their magic with it too.
1790;3;And they get right to the good stuff with "O Holy Night" (of course, it being my favorite traditional song ever... I may seem biased) which I feel is their best song on this album abd the second best version I have ever heard.
1790;4;"Ave Maria" is a pretty song and these guys work their magic with it too.
1790;5;"Ave Maria" is a pretty song and these guys work their magic with it too.
1790;6;It was so stunningly beautiful, I had to pull off the road until my tears cleared enough to continue the trek home.
1790;7;"Ave Maria" is a pretty song and these guys work their magic with it too.
1790;8;"Ave Maria" is a pretty song and these guys work their magic with it too.
1790;9;"Ave Maria" is a pretty song and these guys work their magic with it too.
1790;10;This release just happens to be a cut above the good fare complete with nicely packaged melodies, traditional seasonal favorites, and a couple oddball choices.
1791;1;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1791;2;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1791;3;A very good recording
1791;4;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1791;5;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1791;6;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1791;7;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1791;8;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1791;9;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1791;10;Saw this musical in NYC and loved it!
1788;1;What memories - sound is good, really enjoy it.
1788;2;I, personally think it's a good overview of his early years.
1788;3;I, personally think it's a good overview of his early years.
1788;4;I, personally think it's a good overview of his early years.
1788;5;I, personally think it's a good overview of his early years.
1788;6;I, personally think it's a good overview of his early years.
1788;7;Great memories and great travel tunes.
1788;8;I, personally think it's a good overview of his early years.
1788;9;Some really good dance tunes and easy on the ears.
1788;10;My husband & I have always loved his.music - no complaints, highly recommend this.
1789;1;It's fun & can't help but make you smile & want to dance a bit!
1789;2;I love to be doing things and they are fgreat cd's to listen to while you are doing whatever you want to do.
1789;3;NOW albums are always good because you get a collection of all the hottest songs and there are always 3-4 that are worth the price, even without the other 15+ songs.
1789;4;I love to be doing things and they are fgreat cd's to listen to while you are doing whatever you want to do.
1789;5;I love to be doing things and they are fgreat cd's to listen to while you are doing whatever you want to do.
1789;6;I love to be doing things and they are fgreat cd's to listen to while you are doing whatever you want to do.
1789;7;I love listening to it in the car on my way to work.
1789;8;I love to be doing things and they are fgreat cd's to listen to while you are doing whatever you want to do.
1789;9;It's fun & can't help but make you smile & want to dance a bit!
1789;10;I love to be doing things and they are fgreat cd's to listen to while you are doing whatever you want to do.
1729;1;As with all their other albums nothing but good clean music.
1729;2;Somewhat enjoyable, though can get some negative emotions boiling...Sometimes: Final rocker on the regular edition.
1729;3;As with all their other albums nothing but good clean music.
1729;4;It a great album for workouts.
1729;5;I read much of the discussion about the CD as it was being planned and recorded, so I had really high expectations.
1729;6;As with all their other albums nothing but good clean music.
1729;7;I absolutely love this album, and have had it playing for months in my car.
1729;8;The lyrics are phenomenal and i can totally relate to most of them in excrutiatingly deep levels.
1729;9;What a fun twist to Christian music.
1729;10;she loves her music and she is always buying new stuff.
1728;1;Very tight band with a very good lead singer.
1728;2;Guy does most of the singing, along with guitar work.
1728;3;Very tight band with a very good lead singer.
1728;4;I really love Elbow and really enjoy this cd and take it with me all over -- to the gym, ,on long drives and at dinner with friends.
1728;5;Elbow has made tightly-knit melodies with superb lyrics (read: not teenage drivel) and fine musicianship for years now.
1728;6;Guy does most of the singing, along with guitar work.
1728;7;I really love Elbow and really enjoy this cd and take it with me all over -- to the gym, ,on long drives and at dinner with friends.
1728;8;Here is painstaking musical craftsmanship elevated to the exceptional by the colourful, insightful and moving lyrics of rock's poet, Mr. Guy Garvey, wordsmith extraordinaire, forging memorable and inventive turns of phrase secured in the everyday emotions that make the working man tick
1728;9;Guy does most of the singing, along with guitar work.
1728;10;I think this is a group with a distinct sound that you either love or feel pretty ambivalent towards.
1731;1;You can hear when they play that these two's creative minds are right in sequence, right on par, an' no matter how much they try'ta outdo each other, the only thing they can do is compliment one another...This stuff is pure gold an' makes me remember what real talent an' good music is.
1731;2;I'll keep this short, because there have been so many reviews, so much things about this album, good or bad that have been said, plus many more reviews will probaly show up...First of all, Monk is probaly the greatest song writer to ever appear on the planet.
1731;3;I'll keep this short, because there have been so many reviews, so much things about this album, good or bad that have been said, plus many more reviews will probaly show up...First of all, Monk is probaly the greatest song writer to ever appear on the planet.
1731;4;This might add context, interest and enjoyment...These are two of my favorite musicians of all time, and I'm a former jazz performer on saxophone...Monk and Coltrane seem made for each other.
1731;5;Not only is Monk in spectacular form--extending himself to lyrical passages and playing as the genius that he was--but Coltrane is coherent, focused, even linear.
1731;6;At times the two cook it up, laying note over note, taking one unexpected turn after the other, adventurous yet always cohesive.
1731;7;This might add context, interest and enjoyment...These are two of my favorite musicians of all time, and I'm a former jazz performer on saxophone...Monk and Coltrane seem made for each other.
1731;8;Each track on this CD expresses a different emotion or feeling, and each number on this CD is a musical masterpiece.
1731;9;Such joyful playing, such technical virtuosity, such amazingly clever and fun compositions played in a way that lifts the spirits towards the heavens.
1731;10;People who love jazz or any kind of music will enjoy this.
1730;1;But this album is very good and I enjoy every song.
1730;2;I get the feeling you will sing along to this.
1730;3;The band really oputs good stuff out.
1730;4;I get the feeling you will sing along to this.
1730;5;I get the feeling you will sing along to this.
1730;6;Not a huge difference between the explicit and clean versions of songs, but I do enjoy this one much more.
1730;7;I put this one in my cars CD player on my way to work and I was rocking out.
1730;8;I get the feeling you will sing along to this.
1730;9;dance...dance...dance for the whole family (aside from some of the needless used profanity)
1730;10;Love the sound of Adam.
1733;1;The material is late enough and all studio produced that it is quite good quality that all fans can equally enjoy it.
1733;2;My favorite from the LET IT BE album...OH!
1733;3;I bought this for someone for Christmas ...They Were suprised and they loved it.....IT has so many good songs on here.WOW !!
1733;4;My favorite from the LET IT BE album...OH!
1733;5;Also included is a 44 page book packed with photos and track-by-track notes, which makes for a very interesting read.
1733;6;The first CD, dedicated to the White album period is really great, starting with the early Esher recordings and moving through a series of early takes,  alternative versions, unreleased vartiations etc. the highlight for me must  be the marvelous, clean acoustic guitar 'While My Guitar Gently Weeps'.
1733;7;My favorite from the LET IT BE album...OH!
1733;8;this album has great vocals, great music, and totally WACKED-OUT LYRICS!
1733;9;There's a lot that is fun here, including the newest "clues" in the great Paul is Dead hoax.
1733;10;While I wish the band did what they did on "Free As A Bird" and "Real Love" and added their own parts, the song works fine on its own.
1732;1;Kudos guys - absolutely fantastic release!!
1732;2;Iknow not every one agress with me ,but this cds rocks and is well written,i think they only bad effort was wellcome to nebraska.
1732;3;This is a very good release!!
1732;4;As always, the quality of the production and mastering shines through and will give your speakers and subs a real workout!
1732;5;If you are reading this short review then you have probably heard of King's X and know how wonderful this band is.
1732;6;These songs will bring down the house on their tour.
1732;7;This is a great song to have on in the car...*5.
1732;8;Gaskill and Tabor provide an astonishing and enormous wall of sound that lifts up well penned and crafted lyrics, another King's X staple, astonishing the listener that 3 is better than bands twice their number and half their sound.
1732;9;All these songs are fun and upbeat - even the ballads are fun to listen to...There's not a single song on this release that I don't like to some degree.
1732;10;I've been listening to this and Sam Phillip's new release for weeks and I love both of them very much.
1735;1;With a stirring rendition of Bridge Over Troubled Waters and his exciting new song, This is the Night, you will enjoy hearing Clay hopefully for many years to come as this star develops on the music scene.
1735;2;I loved this "mini-cd" and I cannot wait to hear from this man from years to come!!
1735;3;I hope that Clay's full album is a good as this.
1735;4;I loved this "mini-cd" and I cannot wait to hear from this man from years to come!!
1735;5;Thank you for reading my review out of 2000+ others...I give this recording 5 stars simply for the wonderful singing of Clay Aiken, which we all agree is amazing and beyond reproach.
1735;6;He was at home, this was his element, and he ended the song with such potent punctuation that I find myself choked up and speechless.
1735;7;One for the car, one for the house and another for work.
1735;8;I personally might have preferred this song without the choir, even though they do give a cheerful feeling to the song..."This Is The Night" is a beautiful song with romantic lyrics.
1735;9;Bridge is so fun to listen to with the choir backing him up.
1735;10;I loved this "mini-cd" and I cannot wait to hear from this man from years to come!!
1734;1;Sometimes you have to take an artist and let a producer shove them through a strainer until something good happens.
1734;2;I didn't think so, and it's a testament to the talent of the Beastie Boys and the Dust Brothers that this album not works so well, but that it works at all.
1734;3;Sometimes you have to take an artist and let a producer shove them through a strainer until something good happens.
1734;4;I didn't think so, and it's a testament to the talent of the Beastie Boys and the Dust Brothers that this album not works so well, but that it works at all.
1734;5;I didn't think so, and it's a testament to the talent of the Beastie Boys and the Dust Brothers that this album not works so well, but that it works at all.
1734;6;If the conclusion is the "bouillabaisse" then the album as a whole is the full meal deal, homes.
1734;7;A friend of mine whose main musical interest was  Sinatra had the "Paul's Boutique" cassette in his car.
1734;8;The use of sampling and lyrics makes for an upbeat, sometimes humorous ride, and the actual feel of the album is better than most hip-hop and "rap" I hear today.
1734;9;"Paul's Boutique" is not just one of the best rap albums of all time, or one of the best "alternative" albums of all time, or one of the best dance albums of all time.
1734;10;it's like each album lets you in to an inside joke or story of theirs and i love that they seem to make music really for themselves - and that their fans just so happen to enjoy it as well!
1737;1;Stick It Out: Probably one of the least best songs here, but still very good.
1737;2;The solo in "Cut to the Chase" rivals the more well-known classics like "La Villa" or even "Limelight" and "nobody's hero" is poignant, sad, artistic, and lonely...a call for us all to stop and think about what "Everybody's buying..."and "Alien Shore" is a chalk-full of great riffs, drum fills, and rhythm complexity.
1737;3;Stick It Out: Probably one of the least best songs here, but still very good.
1737;4;Love the chorus and Alex's guitar is wicked throughout.
1737;5;The album also bring a much more focus on a straight forward sound keyboard's are more in the background, but they really added to this album, i feel this album, really was a sign of the times, but showed Rush more than survived the trends, and still some of these songs are played live.
1737;6;Love the chorus and Alex's guitar is wicked throughout.
1737;7;My favorite song is "Cold Fire", it has such a great driving rythm to it, I like "Nobodys Hero", ( is this song about AIDS? )
1737;8;Nobody's Hero: Some of Geddy's best vocals ever and great lyrics about how people put underserving entertainers on a pedestal.
1737;9;Geddy introduced it by saying "we just forgot how much fun this song is to play..."  It was everything live that it is on the album.
1737;10;Love the chorus and Alex's guitar is wicked throughout.
1736;1;So after that I checked out Invasion of Privacy and that whole album is good too.
1736;2;OOTC is one of the best of its kind is what I mean, it's one of the best Glam AND 1980's rock albums...When people think of Ratt the first song that usually comes to mind is Round and Round and it's definitely the band's signature song.
1736;3;So after that I checked out Invasion of Privacy and that whole album is good too.
1736;4;OOTC is one of the best of its kind is what I mean, it's one of the best Glam AND 1980's rock albums...When people think of Ratt the first song that usually comes to mind is Round and Round and it's definitely the band's signature song.
1736;5;OOTC is one of the best of its kind is what I mean, it's one of the best Glam AND 1980's rock albums...When people think of Ratt the first song that usually comes to mind is Round and Round and it's definitely the band's signature song.
1736;6;Some albums, sound dated in terms of recording, but Out Of The Cellar still sounds as good as the first day I brought it home...I can only imagine how good it will sound when Atlantic finally remasters it with extra tracks.
1736;7;This is an excellent album to play loud while driving or at a party \m/  Awesome songs, voxs and riffs right here.
1736;8;Each of 10 songs on this LP is actually perfect concerning both music and lyrics.
1736;9;This is an excellent album to play loud while driving or at a party \m/  Awesome songs, voxs and riffs right here.
1736;10;The fifth track "She wants money", with quite interesting lyrics on the effects of tough love and romantic attraction, is both dynamic and ear-catching with regard to its melody.
1739;1;I really enjoyed this record.
1739;2;Her lyrics are SO passionate and filled with SO much pain, emotion, and speaking about the issues.
1739;3;But we have to remember that there are many good cops on duty as well as those who embaress the job and themselves.
1739;4;My other favorite numbers,the romantic,"Baby can I hold you," is so different from the rest of the record,and the last number,"For You."
1739;5;It's always so refreshing to hear someone come out with such albums when everyone else is focused on something completely different...I have always loved Tracy.
1739;6;My other favorite numbers,the romantic,"Baby can I hold you," is so different from the rest of the record,and the last number,"For You."
1739;7;She talks about love, abuse, and even a fast car.
1739;8;Her lyrics are SO passionate and filled with SO much pain, emotion, and speaking about the issues.
1739;9;bluesy and deep, gotta listen to the words, and dance with your baby to Tracy.
1739;10;My other favorite numbers,the romantic,"Baby can I hold you," is so different from the rest of the record,and the last number,"For You."
1738;1;So up beat and fun + it has a good message!
1738;2;There is no way someone in their right minds, and someone who appreciates music as art could give this wonderful album a negative rating...Let me be clear - this album, alongwith Kelly Clarkson's "Breakaway", is the best thing to come out of the entire American Idol Franchise.
1738;3;Also feels like filler, but good filler.
1738;4;Jordin and Chris both showcase their vocals, resulting in a beautiful song destined for radio.
1738;5;Jordin and Chris both showcase their vocals, resulting in a beautiful song destined for radio.
1738;6;Jordin Sparks' cd is very catchy and perfect for a long car ride or an hour or 2 of cleaning around the house or even working out.
1738;7;Jordin Sparks' cd is very catchy and perfect for a long car ride or an hour or 2 of cleaning around the house or even working out.
1738;8;One Step At A Time - Destined to be a hit, from the catchy beat to the inspirational lyrics.
1738;9;"You And I In Love" - another great, fun, dance song.
1738;10;Cheesy yet catchy, about moving on from a past love who is "on my heart just like a tattoo."
1741;1;For me, the true mark of a good singer is not how many notes they can sing, or how long they can belt out a tune for- it is how well they are able to capture the emotion of what they are singing- Fiona's got it by miles and miles.
1741;2;Next  is Sullen Girl which is heartbreaking and Fiona captures it beautifully,  she sounds like shes known pain, love the lyrics too, "but its calm  under the waves, in the blue of my oblivian."
1741;3;You can count on Fiona to soothe and calm any beast  or malady  you may be sufferring from or inviting into your life.
1741;4;Yeah,Fiona she is always five stars in my opinion.
1741;5;If you read the lyrics slowly and take in each word while Fiona sings them, you'll be transported - visually - to another place.
1741;6;Fiona's deep, sultry voice is both bluesy and jazzy and perfect for relaxing after a hard day,long drives through the city, romantic evenings at home.
1741;7;Fiona's deep, sultry voice is both bluesy and jazzy and perfect for relaxing after a hard day,long drives through the city, romantic evenings at home.
1741;8;Tidal, her debut release, encompases not only every emotion imaginable, but also her comanding voice and beautiful lyrics.
1741;9;Yeah,Fiona she is always five stars in my opinion.
1741;10;Finally, I  got the cd, and after repeated listenings, I love it!
1740;1;I enjoy Eminem and although there is a large difference in their music types, there are also similarities in the confidence in their lyrics and delivery...If you are reading this review than you are already interested in the album so my recommendation is to go for it and be as happy with it as I am.
1740;2;Rec'd the item & thank you.
1740;3;It has a bunch of really good songs on it
1740;4;Rec'd the item & thank you.
1740;5;I enjoy Eminem and although there is a large difference in their music types, there are also similarities in the confidence in their lyrics and delivery...If you are reading this review than you are already interested in the album so my recommendation is to go for it and be as happy with it as I am.
1740;6;I bought this (the "clean" version) for his Christmas stocking, with an attached note "Guess how much I love you."
1740;7;Something about this album caused me to listen to it on repeat in the car all summer.
1740;8;Ryan's beat's and Macklemore's lyrics flow really well.
1740;9;I love this cd...they are fun and interesting and great album...
1740;10;I love this cd...they are fun and interesting and great album...
1743;1;'Delirious' is a wonderfully, upbeat number
1743;2;"Let's Work" is very rare and the original 12" is worth between 100-300 bucks ...  Disc 1:.
1743;3;A good collection of music from this talented artist.
1743;4;"Let's Work" is very rare and the original 12" is worth between 100-300 bucks ...  Disc 1:.
1743;5;"Let's Work" is very rare and the original 12" is worth between 100-300 bucks ...  Disc 1:.
1743;6;"Let's Work" is very rare and the original 12" is worth between 100-300 bucks ...  Disc 1:.
1743;7;This is what I listen to on every road trip!
1743;8;"Let's Work" is very rare and the original 12" is worth between 100-300 bucks ...  Disc 1:.
1743;9;I had most of these songs already, but I really wanted the extended dance mix of 'Let's Work'.
1743;10;I fell in love with Prince when I was 30 yrs old and saw him for the first time on MTV - now I am 60  and I still play his music every day and ALWAYS dance to my favorite masterpieces.
1742;1;The Stone Temple Pilots fly higher than their extrordinarily high standards of music on this fantastic album.
1742;2;But back to the CD, this is one of my fave STP's with songs like Atlanta, Sex and Violence, and Down, it is an overall amazing CD with not one bad.
1742;3;Most of the tracks are good and dark.
1742;4;The Stone Temple Pilots fly higher than their extrordinarily high standards of music on this fantastic album.
1742;5;I'm sure you've read it takes time to like the  album, and it's true.
1742;6;Scott has rarely sounded more at home, and the energy on this album makes it one of the finest STP outings ever.
1742;7;Why is it their best......because every track is listenable and is good and it sounds straight to the point...The thing I like about this album is it has some mega rockers and about three slower acoustic driven tunes..."Sour Girl" being one of them, undoubtley a brilliant song and one of their best.
1742;8;Core is the heaviest, Purple is the catchiest, Tiny Music has the most original sound, and Shangri-La-De-Da has the most heartfelt lyrics.
1742;9;Down is followed by Heaven & Hot Rods, which is a fun song that kinda rides it's way to an end.
1742;10;Some times it takes a couple of listens.
1744;1;"Good Ole Boys" and "Hey" are both hard-twanging anthem-like country songs that show off Shelton's unique charm and charisma.
1744;2;The album closes with the title track, a song about grief filled broken hearts
1744;3;"Good Ole Boys" and "Hey" are both hard-twanging anthem-like country songs that show off Shelton's unique charm and charisma.
1744;4;He sings some beautiful harmonies about his new wife, Miranda Lambert, and the results are amazing with a pop-country crossover appeal.
1744;5;He even graced us with a nice thick CD booklet to read along with as he sings.
1744;6;Lots of good country music from a true blue down home country boy!
1744;7;I play it in my car...full out blast, and softly at night...LOL!
1744;8;The songs on this album define what country music is all about: High quality tunes, amazing singing, great musicianship, solid production, and well written lyrics.
1744;9;Shelton's voice and vocals on this release are better than ever, the songs are blends of Honky Tonk, love songs, ballads, mixed with rowdy party tunes that ring clear throughout this one of a kind album.
1744;10;Shelton's voice and vocals on this release are better than ever, the songs are blends of Honky Tonk, love songs, ballads, mixed with rowdy party tunes that ring clear throughout this one of a kind album.
1745;1;Although the film is still tragic as all good love stories should be...If you enjoy beautiful music, the soundtrack to "Somewhere in Time" would be an excellent addition to your music library.
1745;2;For sheer creative brilliance, this CDs takes the blue ribbon.
1745;3;Good for relaxing, studying, or working.
1745;4;I loved the movie and this music always "haunted" me.
1745;5;Good for relaxing, studying, or working.
1745;6;I loved the movie and this music always "haunted" me.
1745;7;But even by his lofty Out Of Africa and Diamonds Are Forever masterpiece standards - "Somewhere In Time" is exceptional in its entirety...Get this solid gold star in your reasonably priced car as soon as possible.
1745;8;This music  can stir up your emotions, and it can touch your heart!
1745;9;The setting (Mackinac Island, Michigan) is one of the most romantic and fun places on earth.
1745;10;It is so romantic, and compelling, and can sweep you away with profound, emotions of love, sadness, and joy!
1746;1;Songs like "I'm Sorry" and "Pathetic" are well done, but with "I'm Sorry" that all is done when the hidden track of what seems like Mark... It's all in good fun though.
1746;2;And did I mention "Dammit" is probably their best song ever outside of "Carousel"?
1746;3;Songs like "I'm Sorry" and "Pathetic" are well done, but with "I'm Sorry" that all is done when the hidden track of what seems like Mark... It's all in good fun though.
1746;4;And did I mention "Dammit" is probably their best song ever outside of "Carousel"?
1746;5;this is simply blink's best cd... i know if you read my other blink reviews i say that about all of them but this is the true one this is simply blink's best album... if you first heard of blink 182 cuz of enema....
1746;6;And did I mention "Dammit" is probably their best song ever outside of "Carousel"?
1746;7;i listened to this about 5 times in a row when i went on a 20 hour trip, this  CD (with the help of deftones' adrenaline and a few others) kept me  perfectly content the entire trip almost.
1746;8;Not only that, the band's playing ability are at top form here, with plenty of catchy riffs, a solo here and there, great lyrics, raunchiness with the guitar, a totally PUNK atmosphere, and of course, it was the pre-sellout blink-182.
1746;9;Songs like "I'm Sorry" and "Pathetic" are well done, but with "I'm Sorry" that all is done when the hidden track of what seems like Mark... It's all in good fun though.
1746;10;songs like apple shampoo and josie deal with girls, love and couples from blink 182's childesh and funny point of view.
1747;1;"God Hates Us All" was very good, but efforts before it were subpar.
1747;2;Each song is totally unique and there are no bad tracks.
1747;3;"God Hates Us All" was very good, but efforts before it were subpar.
1747;4;Finally, a Slayer album worthy of Slayer and Slayer fans.
1747;5;Finally, a Slayer album worthy of Slayer and Slayer fans.
1747;6;The vocals are crisp and clean the production overall is superb.
1747;7;I bought it and immediately downloaded it into my USB drive for my car.
1747;8;The lyrics are good also, fron politics to religion.
1747;9;Finally, a Slayer album worthy of Slayer and Slayer fans.
1747;10;I loved God Hates Us All album !!!
1748;1;Great Music and good transaction.
1748;2;Some great hits on this one!
1748;3;Great Music and good transaction.
1748;4;Some great hits on this one!
1748;5;Some great hits on this one!
1748;6;Nice as background music at home, or at full volume in the car.
1748;7;Nice as background music at home, or at full volume in the car.
1748;8;Powerful lyrics that are packed with life, forgiveness and the love of Jesus Christ.
1748;9;Some great hits on this one!
1748;10;Love all the songs in this album.
1749;1;I enjoy his music so much and you will too.
1749;2;Absolutely no filler, wonderful from start to finish, and man, for sure I'm lovin' that finish, bad slow jam meets fierce sax.
1749;3;Absolutely no filler, wonderful from start to finish, and man, for sure I'm lovin' that finish, bad slow jam meets fierce sax.
1749;4;Every reason to believe Got 2 Be Groovin' will rank near the top of best contemporary jazz release for 2014.
1749;5;Every reason to believe Got 2 Be Groovin' will rank near the top of best contemporary jazz release for 2014.
1749;6;Every reason to believe Got 2 Be Groovin' will rank near the top of best contemporary jazz release for 2014.
1749;7;I just love his music, great for road trips.
1749;8;Absolutely no filler, wonderful from start to finish, and man, for sure I'm lovin' that finish, bad slow jam meets fierce sax.
1749;9;Reflective and peaceful, romantic and loving, and of course the fun and party like atmosphere as well.
1749;10;"Groovin Up Hip Street" is soulful", "Hey Hey Lil' Lilah Belle" is SOOO fun as is "Miss Bane,"  there is nothing more peaceful and reflective than "Rain Down on Me" and the most beautiful and romantic song you will find is "In Love with You."
1750;1;The secound side is the fun upbeat roll down the windows and crank it up side, The uptempo songs are just what you expect from a Paisly album only the good things in life grace these little ditty's Girls, Beer, and time on the water.
1750;2;This album has three great sides to it the slow somber songs are exactly what I love about country songs, Yes there sad but there real the topics are realistic this stuff is happening and has happenend to many people which makes this music so cathartic for some and for me.
1750;3;The secound side is the fun upbeat roll down the windows and crank it up side, The uptempo songs are just what you expect from a Paisly album only the good things in life grace these little ditty's Girls, Beer, and time on the water.
1750;4;Songs will make you laugh and cry, great for a BBQ or the gym.
1750;5;As always another fine production of music by a great artist.
1750;6;AMAZON service is once again the best way for getting your favorite music directly at home.
1750;7;Great to listen in car!
1750;8;This is the first Brad Paisley album i've heard but it's so completely great that i went out and bought all his other ones...The music is fun and fresh and the lyrics are great!
1750;9;This is the first Brad Paisley album i've heard but it's so completely great that i went out and bought all his other ones...The music is fun and fresh and the lyrics are great!
1750;10;Smooth love songs, romantic truths and plenty of fun throughout.
1751;1;Again the entire album is consistently good enough to listen to and enjoy--something unique these days.
1751;2;Whether that will happen is beyond my personal control or jurisdiction, but I can state that from a critical standpoint, BLACKsummers'night is exceptional in every facet of the word...The album opens with the incredibly soulful, sensual "Bad Habits", which finds Maxwell singing in his pure, undeniably taut falsetto.
1751;3;Whether that will happen is beyond my personal control or jurisdiction, but I can state that from a critical standpoint, BLACKsummers'night is exceptional in every facet of the word...The album opens with the incredibly soulful, sensual "Bad Habits", which finds Maxwell singing in his pure, undeniably taut falsetto.
1751;4;I've listen to this on my Bose and Harman Kardon speakers and the music is lush, full, and resounding.
1751;5;Those who have read my reviews in the past know I enjoy my music and I am quite critical on artists and their work.
1751;6;"Love You" is just one of those great songs with a beat that's involving
1751;7;"Love You" is just one of those great songs with a beat that's involving
1751;8;"Bad Habits" and "Cold",for starters have this terrific interaction between bass,organ,horns and the polyrhythms of the drums into this series of intertwining dynamics that brings out the intensity and emotional honesty of the lyrics.
1751;9;I've listen to this on my Bose and Harman Kardon speakers and the music is lush, full, and resounding.
1751;10;I wish more dudes like D'Angelo and Maxwell would keep bringing back that true soul...Anyway, I grabbed this CD and loved it.
1752;1;Willie is one of the few Outlaws left, and I if you enjoy good COUNTRY music.
1752;2;Stark, depressing, moving, quiet, sad, redemptive, and superb.
1752;3;A good album to help you get over a loss of a woman.
1752;4;Willie is the king of elegant understatement, and that goes for his  melodies, his singing and his very overlooked guitar playing.
1752;5;If you are reading this you probably already know that Willie is one of the most creative, powerful, and diverse performers of all time.
1752;6;This CD makes for great listening while driving or just around the house.
1752;7;This CD makes for great listening while driving or just around the house.
1752;8;Stark, depressing, moving, quiet, sad, redemptive, and superb.
1752;9;Willie is the king of elegant understatement, and that goes for his  melodies, his singing and his very overlooked guitar playing.
1752;10;I love anything by Willie!
1753;1;What a nice surprise - a good group, good lyrics and vocals.
1753;2;I got this album at a promotional price and I am glad I did.
1753;3;What a nice surprise - a good group, good lyrics and vocals.
1753;4;I got this album at a promotional price and I am glad I did.
1753;5;But,I listened to it, based upon what I read on other websites and thoroughly enjoyed it
1753;6;I got this album at a promotional price and I am glad I did.
1753;7;I listen to this alot in my car and I enjoy it.
1753;8;What a nice surprise - a good group, good lyrics and vocals.
1753;9;Well, I love 80s music and hearing all the references to The Police, Peter Gabriel and other stand outs of decades past is incredibly fun for me.
1753;10;There is such variety in the different songs and I love it.
1754;1;"Gollum's Song" is EVERYTHING that a good song should be, regardless of genre/style.
1754;2;This scale of good through bad is developed by JRRT and reflects his work, his personal history, WW's I and II, and portrays the West against the rest.
1754;3;This scale of good through bad is developed by JRRT and reflects his work, his personal history, WW's I and II, and portrays the West against the rest.
1754;4;Lovers of film music, fantasy, and concert music will want to own all three CDs.
1754;5;This puts my opinion in the minority, I know, from what I have read: most fans enjoy the Fellowship album more than Towers.
1754;6;The careful detail of language, period instrumentation, awe-inspiring chord progressions, and musical story-telling remains as solid and passionate as ever, and it leaves you just begging the question of how will Howard bring it all home with the climactic final disc (if you don't have it already!)
1754;7;We take it in the car for road trips and talk about where the songs fit into the movie.
1754;8;Some of the freshest chord changes I've heard in quite some time are topped off with a frighteningly haunting melody, touching lyrics, careful orchestration, and excellently alienating emotional aesthetics.
1754;9;This really makes the movie fun to watch and the music is fun to listen to for fun because it is so epic.
1754;10;You can hear the echoes of the Anglo-Saxon culture that J.R.R. Tolkien loved so much in this theme -- it's one of the best in all three film scores.
1755;1;I also enjoy the more experimental passages - that is, the "proggier" stuff (Repentance is a good example) along with the "ballad-ish" moments...This is a nice CD package that features great artwork by Hugh Syme, the lyrics, and photos of the group.
1755;2;Repentance is good, although too heavily influenced by Pain Of Salvation's "Be" album.
1755;3;Prophets Of War gets right to the point with a very good sounding vocal from LaBrie telling his story of war's greed and senseless killing of innocent people.
1755;4;They're still doing it, making tremendous progressive rock "journeys", just made for a workout, road trip, or just putting on a great set of headphones and disappearing into the journey.
1755;5;I always find it interesting to read the reviews after Dream Theater releases an album.
1755;6;A beautiful and emotional song from beginning to end.
1755;7;(Plus you can always keep the spare stereo CD for your car or PC!)
1755;8;It is on the 'dark side' as far as lyrics and some of the music, but the whole CD pulls you through an experience - one that I have come to expect of these HM masters of prog prog rock - and that experience was great...Bottom line - the BEST thing they have done since SFAM - a very cohesive, wailing, moody masterpiece!
1755;9;This is a very fun song to listen too, and is one of my favorites on the album.
1755;10;Well, if you haven't guessed it yet, I loved this album.
1756;1;This is finally a Best-Of CD that I can put and and enjoy from the first track to the last...And in all seriousness, this is obviously not the "complete" hits from the 80-89 era.
1756;2;Many have these tunes all collected in a 2-cd "best of" compilation.
1756;3;Great band, good song list.
1756;4;Many have these tunes all collected in a 2-cd "best of" compilation.
1756;5;Many have these tunes all collected in a 2-cd "best of" compilation.
1756;6;Many have these tunes all collected in a 2-cd "best of" compilation.
1756;7;Many have these tunes all collected in a 2-cd "best of" compilation.
1756;8;Many have these tunes all collected in a 2-cd "best of" compilation.
1756;9;Many have these tunes all collected in a 2-cd "best of" compilation.
1756;10;And I'm paying a mortgage...But I still love to relive some of the better metal of my youth.
1757;1;I'm not a huge classical music genre fan, but good musicians like Yo-Yo Ma can sway you into enjoying it in no time.
1757;2;A purchase of this fine recording will immensely reward the listener.
1757;3;It is very relaxing while also touching the soul on deep levels - very moving and gentle on the spirit.
1757;4;I do Yoga everyday, and fitness work out everyday.
1757;5;He glides and powers through this music with ease and focus and thus this collusion with the composer begats a magnficent sound...To be enjoyed!
1757;6;I also like to cook a nice meal while playing his CDs.
1757;7;A purchase of this fine recording will immensely reward the listener.
1757;8;I love listening to his CDs whenever to focus my vision, emotion, and relaxes my body.
1757;9;A purchase of this fine recording will immensely reward the listener.
1757;10;My wife is a cellist  and she loves this recording.
1758;1;Its got the feeling of Bruce Springsteen on a good day.
1758;2;Just similar sounds, and his voice is definitely reminiscent of Dylan's, which isn't bad.
1758;3;Its got the feeling of Bruce Springsteen on a good day.
1758;4;Its got the feeling of Bruce Springsteen on a good day.
1758;5;I bought this recording strictly on a review I read in Audiophile mag
1758;6;I put the whole album on loop and have it in the background at home.
1758;7;Actually, this whole album takes me back to being a kid and taking trips into town with my mom and on a 20 minute drive hearing a handful of artists on pop radio that now are deemed as classics, or even legendary artists.
1758;8;Great arrangements, performances and lyrics.
1758;9;Always fun to think of all the music you buy now, how will it all sound to you in 30 years or so?
1758;10;Hes in this for the long haul...Theres so much to love about this album.
1759;1;Reminds me of the good ole' days, without sounding old.
1759;2;In fact, its in their top four best albums.
1759;3;Reminds me of the good ole' days, without sounding old.
1759;4;In fact, its in their top four best albums.
1759;5;Scorpions' "Animal Magnetism" is turned into a sinister piece with the whole focus being on creating an evil atmosphere.
1759;6;but they seldom disappoint, while they might explore a little (demonic), they always come back home...The riffs manage to keep you engaged, and Chuck sounds like, well...Chuck!!
1759;7;It is written around a gritty bass figure that opens the piece and drives it to its ultimate climax, in part due to the vaguely Egyptian-themed solo by Skolnick and thought-provoking lyrics...Guitarists Eric Peterson and Alex Skolnick are possibly the genre's most powerful duo.
1759;8;Yes, lyrics might not be the awesomest, but musically this is so metal solid.
1759;9;Disciples Of The Watch...It is a multi-camera shoot and a fairly energetic performance from the band in front of an enthusiastic crowd (they have fun and you even hear the Breaking The Law riff at one point), although the sound quality isn't incredible and the vocals and guitar are fairly low in the mix.
1759;10;Still, kids who hear this version of Powerslave before the original are going to love it.
1703;1;Barbra Streisand is the one and only her voice is great I prey to god that she is as happy in life as she makes people when she sings.
1703;2;Barbra Streisand is the one and only her voice is great I prey to god that she is as happy in life as she makes people when she sings.
1703;3;A very good songs selection, new recorded, this album isn't a recompilation.
1703;4;Barbra Streisand is the one and only her voice is great I prey to god that she is as happy in life as she makes people when she sings.
1703;5;Barbra Streisand is the one and only her voice is great I prey to god that she is as happy in life as she makes people when she sings.
1703;6;Barbra Streisand is the one and only her voice is great I prey to god that she is as happy in life as she makes people when she sings.
1703;7;In her own wonderful Barbra trademark humor while performing at a fast drive pace way and it even makes you laugh at how silly it is.
1703;8;There are few singers with as much feeling and expression in the lyrics.
1703;9;Barbra Streisand is the one and only her voice is great I prey to god that she is as happy in life as she makes people when she sings.
1703;10;Love to listen to Barbra Streisand sing and this album is terrific for the holidays.
1702;1;It arrived in good time, and I'm enjoying it so much.
1702;2;My favorite songs are,  this morning, remember me my friend, you, nights winters years, I dreamed last night, when you wake up, and blue guitar.
1702;3;Excellent album, I did listen to a couple of tracks previously when the album was released but to listen the full CD is an experience, Justin & John voices have always been great and are even better in this album...Sit down, relax, have a glass of a good red wine and enjoy this wonderful album.
1702;4;For me, this is a CD that I enjoy playing over and over.
1702;5;I've read a few reviews as well and I pretty much agree with them.
1702;6;Blue Jays soars beyond the clouds, finally finding  its musical home where it belongs, among the stars.
1702;7;For me, "I Dreamed Last Night" is moving, stirring almost to the point of giving me goosebumps
1702;8;Justin can turn a one syllable word into a two-or-three-syllable word to fill the musical stanza and hold your thoughts and emotions in suspense.
1702;9;This album, less a concept but more of a collection of great love and friendship pieces ... and great instrumentation, is a great listen all the way through.
1702;10;Hayward sure has a flair for romantic tunes.
1701;1;The remaining 3 songs, "Supergroovalisticprosifunkstication", "Handcuffs", "Night of the Thumpasorus Peoples" are still very good and funky as hell despite being non-hit deep cuts.
1701;2;It is still a powerful little funk song and would be a highlight on any lesser funk album.
1701;3;The remaining 3 songs, "Supergroovalisticprosifunkstication", "Handcuffs", "Night of the Thumpasorus Peoples" are still very good and funky as hell despite being non-hit deep cuts.
1701;4;There's another fantastic groove on "Unfunky U.F.O.", which despite being one of my favorite P-Funk songs still may be the weakest song on the disc (then again, since I could support every song on this album as strongest I could also call any of them the weakest - except for "Mothership Connection", that is), and "Handcuffs" is a fantastic, sweaty R&B workout.
1701;5;Although George Clinton had made records with his "Parliafunkadelicment Thang" for a number of years before "Mothership Connection", it was only here that he managed to achieve the necessary energy and focus to make a truly great album.
1701;6;They all brought that classic "on the one" beat and rhythm that James used to wow crowds all over the world...Parliament & Funkdelic would both take that type of musical formula to incredible levels and produce some of the most gut bucket, down home, nasty Funk to ever be put down on wax.
1701;7;"Unfunky UFO" is quietly touching like the best music always should be, but never loses its fiery rhythmic drive or its feeling of joyful hope, whilst "Handcuffs" is the most beautiful song on the record and could almost be on&nbsp
1701;8;Glenn Goins delivers a killer vocal performance here, but let's just say that people who take the lyrics too seriously may find them chauvinistic.
1701;9;So important was this singular work on the land scape of music across genre's that the Library of Congress added the album to the National Recording Registry in 2011 , declaring "the album has had enormus influence on jazz, rock and dance music."
1701;10;If you wondered why everyone loves this album so darn much, that's why.
1700;1;So good, that it elicits in the observer the emotions of a first rate melodrama
1700;2;And that is what good stage performances are ultimately about, making you care.
1700;3;And that is what good stage performances are ultimately about, making you care.
1700;4;And that is what good stage performances are ultimately about, making you care.
1700;5;And that is what good stage performances are ultimately about, making you care.
1700;6;Matter of fact, I played it and sang it on the way home on the interstate.
1700;7;It was a great nostalgic trip.
1700;8;So good, that it elicits in the observer the emotions of a first rate melodrama
1700;9;They look better than the originals, they sound better and they dance better.
1700;10;If so and if you loved Franki Valli and the 4 Seasons, catch it when you can.
1699;1;Having said that, I enjoy this BD Audio on my Harman Kardan since I can at least create a HQ surround sound using the features provided by the sound system.
1699;2;love that George has such a wide range of musical talent that is available to all tastes.
1699;3;Not your typical album by this wonderful artist and that is why it is so good.
1699;4;love that George has such a wide range of musical talent that is available to all tastes.
1699;5;love that George has such a wide range of musical talent that is available to all tastes.
1699;6;I had put on TV radio station "soft rock" working around the house....I hear this voice, run to the TV and see it is my beloved George Michael and better yet, done in 2014.
1699;7;love that George has such a wide range of musical talent that is available to all tastes.
1699;8;The lyrics give me chills every time I hear this tune ... and overall, the release itself is yet another brightly-colored feather in GM's cap, thanks to a pristine production job featuring Michael himself...Good job, George ... as always!
1699;9;love that George has such a wide range of musical talent that is available to all tastes.
1699;10;I love George Michael, and I had heard a couple of songs on You tube from this album.
1698;1;All the songs on this album are good, but my fave is Love Song!
1698;2;First of all, they have always rocked
1698;3;All the songs on this album are good, but my fave is Love Song!
1698;4;First of all, they have always rocked
1698;5;First of all, they have always rocked
1698;6;First of all, they have always rocked
1698;7;First of all, they have always rocked
1698;8;Not to mention that the rest of the disc is perfectly balanced with the awesome balladry of "Love Song", "Signs", "Paradise", "Song And Emotion", and "What You Give".
1698;9;First of all, they have always rocked
1698;10;This CD is Fantastic...I love every single trac...Tesla did not let me down one single bit with this CD.
1697;1;Pay My Money Down and the bonus track Buffalo Gals are two very fun songs that I enjoyed.
1697;2;There's just something about the hook of "My Oklahoma Home" that draws you in, despite its sad lyrics.
1697;3;The 'Pieces De Resistance', the best of the best, for me are:  "John Henry", "Erie Canal", a gut-wrenching "Shenandoah" (my personal favorite), "Pay Me My Money Down", and "We Shall Overcome" (another favorite), which are outrageously good.
1697;4;Just a terrific album and I am not a Springsteen fan.
1697;5;Songs whose names and lyrics read as if they'd be simplistic and uninspiring are energetic and emotional.
1697;6;Sometimes it works better than others, and this one is a complete home run.
1697;7;Just so you know, this disc plays fine in my CD player, on my computer, in my car, and on my iTunes...This is a strong candidate for Album of the Year.
1697;8;There's just something about the hook of "My Oklahoma Home" that draws you in, despite its sad lyrics.
1697;9;I have to agree with the reviewer that stated that if you've seen Bruce do this material live, it makes the album that much better...I saw Bruce and the Seeger Sessions band at Madison Square Garden in NYC and they knocked my socks off...Great fun and a rip-roaring party of a CD.
1697;10;This album raises a couple important questions.
1696;1;Fantastic compilation of hits that I truly enjoy.
1696;2;This album encourages a full realm of feelings and emotions from "party on" to "blue and melancholy."
1696;3;The songs are all classics and need no explanation and the DVD contains a good live performance of several hits and straight music videos.
1696;4;Elton John has already released multiple greatest hits packages, so in order to make this one standout from the pack, it bears the task of commerating his sixtieth birthday and includes a bonus DVD.
1696;5;Elton John has already released multiple greatest hits packages, so in order to make this one standout from the pack, it bears the task of commerating his sixtieth birthday and includes a bonus DVD.
1696;6;Elton John has already released multiple greatest hits packages, so in order to make this one standout from the pack, it bears the task of commerating his sixtieth birthday and includes a bonus DVD.
1696;7;Elton John is great to turn up in the car and sing along.
1696;8;This album encourages a full realm of feelings and emotions from "party on" to "blue and melancholy."
1696;9;This album encourages a full realm of feelings and emotions from "party on" to "blue and melancholy."
1696;10;Beautiful collection with a great DVD thrown in(loved Rocket Man live).
1711;1;I was so happy to see the singler doing good and when i bought the cd, I was shocked!
1711;2;But We Could Be is a nice R&B tune...Overall, if you enjoy modern R&B and you don't mind a few songs sung about love gone bad, then this CD is for you.
1711;3;But We Could Be is a nice R&B tune...Overall, if you enjoy modern R&B and you don't mind a few songs sung about love gone bad, then this CD is for you.
1711;4;Merely hearing the first minute of this song was enough to convince me to buy the album, which has become one of my favorite purchases of the past year.
1711;5;Merely hearing the first minute of this song was enough to convince me to buy the album, which has become one of my favorite purchases of the past year.
1711;6;so that she could enjoy it at home and stop borrowing mine.
1711;7;Keyshia has a powerful voice that drives her emotions through each song.
1711;8;She has a voice that can tear any song to shreds, the maturity to know when to use it and when to hold back, and the life experience to bring honest and deepfelt emotion to her songs...If you like R&B music at all, you MUST buy this album.
1711;9;Eve...upbeat, dance number, sampling my Man Luther's Never Too Much.
1711;10;Cole's rendition of this R&B power ballad is like a sucker punch to the gut, grabbing your attention and making you feel the unbridled joy of love and the devastating effects of its betrayal in the same breath.
1710;1;It's good, very good, especially Ezy Rider, My Friend (so fun!)
1710;2;EZ ryder, freedom, come on !!!
1710;3;It's good, very good, especially Ezy Rider, My Friend (so fun!)
1710;4;EZ ryder, freedom, come on !!!
1710;5;EZ ryder, freedom, come on !!!
1710;6;Really clean rework of the masters.
1710;7;Great recording, Had the album when I was a kid, wanted the CD for the car.
1710;8;This particular album has a theme that is exemplified by the lyrics of many of the tunes...If you are a Hendrix fan, this album is a must!
1710;9;It's good, very good, especially Ezy Rider, My Friend (so fun!)
1710;10;It's a far cry from Electric Ladyland, but you will absolutely love it.
1709;1;Their videos are really fun to watch, too, so I recommend getting the DVD with this...Dire Straits began as a band with really groovy rhythms, take Sultans Of Swings, Lady Writer or Down To The Waterline (not available here, shame).
1709;2;The answer is clearly that Mr. Knopfler is sublimely "musical".
1709;3;A good compilation for Dire Straits fans!
1709;4;The answer is clearly that Mr. Knopfler is sublimely "musical".
1709;5;Also enjoyed reading about the group's history.
1709;6;The answer is clearly that Mr. Knopfler is sublimely "musical".
1709;7;The answer is clearly that Mr. Knopfler is sublimely "musical".
1709;8;I never tire of this album--the band is timeless, as well as the clever lyrics--and oh my, those guitar licks do resonate.
1709;9;Their videos are really fun to watch, too, so I recommend getting the DVD with this...Dire Straits began as a band with really groovy rhythms, take Sultans Of Swings, Lady Writer or Down To The Waterline (not available here, shame).
1709;10;I love Mark's attitude, and he's an excellent guitar player, plus he can adapt his voice to any song they are playing.
1708;1;The songs are fun and I really enjoyed every one of them.
1708;2;so for the record- this is an outstanding work of art (i find it amazing what people call art) and that it should be hailed as the 8th wonder of the world right next to spam- which never goes bad- so BSB continue writing your songs, continue singing your own material, and yes, continue eating your cake and trying to peel off your innovational jump suits...  with much love and affection and lots of cake,.
1708;3;I'm sure they will both be good.
1708;4;BUT, this is worth every penny of yours and i'm glad i got it
1708;5;BUT, this is worth every penny of yours and i'm glad i got it
1708;6;BUT, this is worth every penny of yours and i'm glad i got it
1708;7;Fun to blast in your car with your windows down!
1708;8;Without going back to sugar "i'll never hurt you/moon and the stars" lyrics, the boys still proclaim there love and their devotion with such emotion that you forget you're lsitening to a boy band.
1708;9;Now, with that said, this review will not be me squealing about how cute AJ is or how great they dance...The album is at first listen a great attempt to come back to the pop scene without overdoign it.
1708;10;Without going back to sugar "i'll never hurt you/moon and the stars" lyrics, the boys still proclaim there love and their devotion with such emotion that you forget you're lsitening to a boy band.
1707;1;buy it and enjoy the power of priest.
1707;2;"sad wings" is priest best album, and one of my favorites of all time along with Queen2, a night at the opera, All the classics are here.
1707;3;"Dreamer deceiver" and "Deceiver" are a good harmony, the first a a ballad-kind of song that sounds very good in Halford's voice, and suddenly you change to a blues-rhtym song.
1707;4;Balls out classics like Victim of Changes, the Ripper, and Tyrant have become metal standards, and Dreamer Deceiver sports some of the most moving guitar work put to record.
1707;5;"Sad Wings of Destiny" simultaneously took heavy metal to new depths of darkness and new heights of technical precision...Priest has always been focused on delivering album after album packed with memorable tracks, this one being no exception.
1707;6;but i will say this cd rocks you can hear early metal roots here.the ripper,is awesome dreamer deciever is another fine tune and deciever.and track number one rules.
1707;7;but i will say this cd rocks you can hear early metal roots here.the ripper,is awesome dreamer deciever is another fine tune and deciever.and track number one rules.
1707;8;This album has so much emotion and range from "Epitaph" and "Dreamer Deceiver" (the greatest metal ballad ever) to "Tyrant", "Genocide" and "The Ripper" Downing and Tipton became a true team on "Sad Wings" and fully established their twin lead guitar attack.
1707;9;but i will say this cd rocks you can hear early metal roots here.the ripper,is awesome dreamer deciever is another fine tune and deciever.and track number one rules.
1707;10;I just love this album, listen to it easily and enjoy every moment
1706;1;Reminds me of my youth and a certain time of day when the radio stayed on for the rest of evening.....good times and good sounds.
1706;2;Reminds me of my youth and a certain time of day when the radio stayed on for the rest of evening.....good times and good sounds.
1706;3;Reminds me of my youth and a certain time of day when the radio stayed on for the rest of evening.....good times and good sounds.
1706;4;Reminds me of my youth and a certain time of day when the radio stayed on for the rest of evening.....good times and good sounds.
1706;5;Reminds me of my youth and a certain time of day when the radio stayed on for the rest of evening.....good times and good sounds.
1706;6;Reminds me of my youth and a certain time of day when the radio stayed on for the rest of evening.....good times and good sounds.
1706;7;I'm taking this CD, and puttin' it in my Car CD player RIGHT NOW!
1706;8;LISA LISTEN TO ME - perfect union of lyrics and melody.
1706;9;understand the lyrics, boppy, and fun
1706;10;I certainly loved their hits as a boy and on into adulthood .
1705;1;This is a fun song for the weekends, and Jason really rocks out to it, with great vocals and great instruments.
1705;2;I chose 5 stars because this is a great cd.
1705;3;This CD is a good buy for anyone who's only heard the title track or perhaps even just a couple others.
1705;4;I chose 5 stars because this is a great cd.
1705;5;I chose 5 stars because this is a great cd.
1705;6;I chose 5 stars because this is a great cd.
1705;7;It speaks for itself with the high energy that makes Aldean the fun show to catch live and in person, as well as being a song that pumps you up when you hear it on the radio as you drive to or from work, school or wherever.
1705;8;I love the lyrics and his voice is great.
1705;9;This is a fun song for the weekends, and Jason really rocks out to it, with great vocals and great instruments.
1705;10;It includes my favorite song here "My Kinda Party" and a few others that I love.
1704;1;This album is a great followup for the band, and some of the songs on it show the band is really progressing in a good direction.
1704;2;I LOVE this CD, great songs and I love listening to it.every song is a winner there is not a bad one on the CD, may be the best Seether so far!
1704;3;This album is a great followup for the band, and some of the songs on it show the band is really progressing in a good direction.
1704;4;If yo like rock you will love this - well worth the money
1704;5;If yo like rock you will love this - well worth the money
1704;6;If yo like rock you will love this - well worth the money
1704;7;If yo like rock you will love this - well worth the money
1704;8;I LOVE this CD, great songs and I love listening to it.every song is a winner there is not a bad one on the CD, may be the best Seether so far!
1704;9;If yo like rock you will love this - well worth the money
1704;10;If yo like rock you will love this - well worth the money
1718;1;What a fantastic night we all had so much fun singing at loud  plus dancing like we didn't care who watched us.
1718;2;The original Side One is still one of the best album sides ever!
1718;3;They did write some good songs here and there but as is the case with many bands that have huge success (Def Leppard) they start writing for a certain market and forget their roots.
1718;4;The original Side One is still one of the best album sides ever!
1718;5;The original Side One is still one of the best album sides ever!
1718;6;This album took their career to a much wider audience at home while gaining international recognition for them, including the first two of their three UK hits...About half the tracks climbed high in the American charts, with Keep on loving you hitting the very top - it also made the UK top ten.
1718;7;Kevin Cronin is superb on lead vocals, and Bruce Hall, Gary Richrath, Alan Gratzer, and Neal Doughty on bass, lead guitar, drums, and keyboards, respectively, give REO a unique, driving sound.
1718;8;Digitally remastered, this 20th anniversary collection contains the original artwork (including the classic album cover), and the complete lyrics to all ten songs.
1718;9;SHAKIN' IT LOOSE - fun song.
1718;10;It was difficult to get a copy in India but I just bought by copy last week...'Dont let him go' is just a great fast paced opener which i love...'In your letter', and the famous 'Take it on the run' are great slower numbers...Its a great 80's rock album.
1719;1;Really enjoyed listening to this CD.
1719;2;Superb album in every way.
1719;3;I love putting this one in and settling back to relax...If you like good lyrics, good playing by two great artists - then get this.
1719;4;Superb album in every way.
1719;5;Read some other reviews and they will all say this album is good, because it is.
1719;6;Superb album in every way.
1719;7;and loved it all - another of my favourite travelling CDs - great music for blasting out the truck when I'm on a long distance trip.
1719;8;I love the lyrics to this song.
1719;9;mellow to gotta dance to this..."It's Easy" is one of those play-it-again-Sam tunes...thanks for prompt service, and packaging...
1719;10;I love electric/ Chicago blues and even though Mr. Cale was born below the M/D line it is relevant to several blues sub-genres.
1716;1;Good collection of classic funk music.
1716;2;The best of the funk you have to listen to this cd make you just want dance.
1716;3;Good collection of classic funk music.
1716;4;The best of the funk you have to listen to this cd make you just want dance.
1716;5;The best of the funk you have to listen to this cd make you just want dance.
1716;6;If you are from the seventies it will take you back home for a while, it is a way-back mix of good groves and good memories.
1716;7;These are some of my favorite hits from the 80"s.  Great songs to dance to, or to enjoy while driving .
1716;8;The best of the funk you have to listen to this cd make you just want dance.
1716;9;And when we stop to do an obstacle it's a real dance party which everyone joining in.
1716;10;Awesome , classic , I love it .
1717;1;good music and good product can complaint love the part were every time i buy a new phone i cant automatical download and store my music from the amazon store on to my phone.
1717;2;Absolutely one of my favorite CD's of all times.
1717;3;good music and good product can complaint love the part were every time i buy a new phone i cant automatical download and store my music from the amazon store on to my phone.
1717;4;Absolutely one of my favorite CD's of all times.
1717;5;Absolutely one of my favorite CD's of all times.
1717;6;Absolutely one of my favorite CD's of all times.
1717;7;I have it in my car and listen to it all the time.
1717;8;My absolute favorite song is "Home I'll Be"  They sing with emotion.
1717;9;After hearing this CD, I bought the DVD of their concert and it was so fun to see them perform.
1717;10;A must have for those of us who love beautiful voices singing gorgeous arrangements supported by unbelievable orchestration.
1714;1;Both aspects that are mandatory for a good rap album, production and lyrics, are on point on this album.
1714;2;Many artist's best albums are their first, and Ice Cube is no exception.
1714;3;Both aspects that are mandatory for a good rap album, production and lyrics, are on point on this album.
1714;4;Many artist's best albums are their first, and Ice Cube is no exception.
1714;5;Many artist's best albums are their first, and Ice Cube is no exception.
1714;6;He hits a home run with this album.
1714;7;Many artist's best albums are their first, and Ice Cube is no exception.
1714;8;Both aspects that are mandatory for a good rap album, production and lyrics, are on point on this album.
1714;9;Many artist's best albums are their first, and Ice Cube is no exception.
1714;10;I didn't know how he would hold up as a solo act, but i do remember when this album came out, he got love all over the hood from Compton to the San Fernando Valley.
1715;1;Really relaxing music and good to enjoy your day!
1715;2;Beatle fans, Bacharach fans, and Jazz fans will certainly embrace this disc.
1715;3;Really relaxing music and good to enjoy your day!
1715;4;Beatle fans, Bacharach fans, and Jazz fans will certainly embrace this disc.
1715;5;Beatle fans, Bacharach fans, and Jazz fans will certainly embrace this disc.
1715;6;This is the perfect CD for quiet evenings at home or setting a classy mood at your next party.
1715;7;I pump up the volume while in my car & love it love it love it!
1715;8;Sergio Mendes belongs that group of New Wave, Bossa Nova era musicians that honed their skills and cared about the emotional quality of the music as lyrics.
1715;9;, Look Around, Pretty World, and Look Of Love, and is very fun to listen to.
1715;10;I found all the ones I loved on this CD plus a couple of others that were a joy to discover.
1712;1;Really... buy it, because it is also good for a historical document, and a fun listen and addition to any fan's library.
1712;2;I highly recommend this CD!
1712;3;The sound quality is very good
1712;4;I highly recommend this CD!
1712;5;For those who weren't around, but read about it and heard all the stories, one listen to this and you'll know what the fuss was all about.
1712;6;I highly recommend this CD!
1712;7;I highly recommend this CD!
1712;8;I highly recommend this CD!
1712;9;Really... buy it, because it is also good for a historical document, and a fun listen and addition to any fan's library.
1712;10;Anyone who loves the spider from mars band and bowiesmaterial from that time(whiih is some of his best) will love this cd.
1713;1;All of the songs are very good and well-written, with very good guitar and bass work.
1713;2;Some standout tracks include "Negative Creep","Papercuts", and "About A Girl".
1713;3;All of the songs are very good and well-written, with very good guitar and bass work.
1713;4;All of the songs are very good and well-written, with very good guitar and bass work.
1713;5;Mr. Cobain is in excellent form belting out such classics as "About a Girl" and "Negative Creep"(one of my favs) and there is also time for little goofy songs such as "Floyd the Barber"(funny but also very sick, read the lyrics)and "Big Cheese".
1713;6;All of the songs are very good and well-written, with very good guitar and bass work.
1713;7;All of the songs are very good and well-written, with very good guitar and bass work.
1713;8;simply beautiful music with absoloute, honest, and from-the-heart lyrics.
1713;9;This is a fun punk record.
1713;10;Nevermind is good, but it doesn't sound like the grunge we know and love (The guitars are in standard tuning for god's sake!)
1726;1;He will be free to make music again - happy joy music for all the children in the world!
1726;2;"We Are the World" brings back countless memories for me
1726;3;"We Are the World" brings back countless memories for me
1726;4;Keep your head up Mike, we still love you!
1726;5;OnE thing I forgot to focus on mentioning in that review is how beautiful the packaging is - box, booklet, the discs themselves.
1726;6;Keep your head up Mike, we still love you!
1726;7;Keep your head up Mike, we still love you!
1726;8;"We Are the World" brings back countless memories for me
1726;9;This cd collection has all of his greatest songs that he made from Dancing machine to Unbreakable.
1726;10;Keep your head up Mike, we still love you!
1727;1;There could have been a little less footage of the audience and a little more footage of Paul and the band but still this is quite a fine DVD...Good Evening New York City is a fantastic 2 CD, 1 DVD set and any Paul McCartney fan will want this for their collections.
1727;2;Some surprises here, too and welcome ones.
1727;3;There could have been a little less footage of the audience and a little more footage of Paul and the band but still this is quite a fine DVD...Good Evening New York City is a fantastic 2 CD, 1 DVD set and any Paul McCartney fan will want this for their collections.
1727;4;Some surprises here, too and welcome ones.
1727;5;Some surprises here, too and welcome ones.
1727;6;If you have a flat screen and a home theater make some popcorn and sit right down because your in for a great show.
1727;7;Some surprises here, too and welcome ones.
1727;8;It is his humanity, his openess, his creative brilliance which taps into universal emotions that makes Macca the most influential and remarkable performer in the world today.
1727;9;I admit, she can really dance and the slew of additional dancers made for a nice visual show, but more like a Broadway Musical than a true concert.
1727;10;Paul McCartney has more money than Bill Gates - he continues to write and record new songs simply to express his love of music and he continues to tour to share his love of music with his millions of fans.
1724;1;Marc ribot on guitar is fantastic, there's great percussion on it too.
1724;2;The blue and somber and tones of this album ebb and flow brilliantly with Waits' more whimsical moments ("Uncle Vernon, Uncle Vernon, independent as a hog on ice/He's a big shot down there at the slaughterhouse/Plays accordion for Mr. Weiss"), and the result is nothing short of one of the most unique and intricately crafted albums in history.
1724;3;She did a very good job, putting all of herself in the song and the audience loved it.
1724;4;'singapore' and 'rain dogs' are especially great.
1724;5;Most  of the time I can't understand a word he sings but the sound is fantastic and the words, once you read them are amazing.
1724;6;For the bellowing narrator, home can appear anywhere.
1724;7;One of Waits' most moving ballads, "Time," follows and conjures piles of dead pigeons, anxiety rousing painful procedures, faded calendar girls, cars plummeting into water and bandages covering unknown wounds.
1724;8;The lyrics is wonderful and the music enters your mind right  away.
1724;9;There is a perfect mix of serious ballads and quirky, fun, polkas (or whatever you call them)...I cant really reccomend this album to anyone who has not heard of or heard Tom Waits.
1724;10;She did a very good job, putting all of herself in the song and the audience loved it.
1725;1;All in all, this is a very good CD and probably one of the better ones of 2005 so far.
1725;2;Translucent Blue Vinyl, that is!
1725;3;One of the few CDs recently released that is truly excellent...some people are giving it bad reviews because the band is maturing...they have softened their edge a bit, but the music is just as good, maybe better.
1725;4;So, let me see now, it's electric, rockin', bluesy-it all makes for awesome versatility!
1725;5;By this point, the first album was being played everyday...When this album finally came out, I came home from school and and practically leapt on it, I was so excited...I put it in the player, listened intently, and read the lyrics...My opinion was this, and still is this:.
1725;6;By this point, the first album was being played everyday...When this album finally came out, I came home from school and and practically leapt on it, I was so excited...I put it in the player, listened intently, and read the lyrics...My opinion was this, and still is this:.
1725;7;This song is just amazing and had it cranked in the car when driving on long drives.
1725;8;I especially liked the lyrics of the song entitled "#1Zero."
1725;9;That said, Out of Exile is probably a more fun record to listen to, doubly if you're a zeppelin fan as Tom Morello's guitar sounds incredible on every song on the record.
1725;10;I would love to see them do "Your Time Has Come" in concert!
1722;1;Most Christmas music is good and this one is too.
1722;2;The songs are poignant and wonderful for the season of love.
1722;3;Most Christmas music is good and this one is too.
1722;4;The songs are poignant and wonderful for the season of love.
1722;5;The songs are poignant and wonderful for the season of love.
1722;6;I got it this year and have listened to it numerous times, at home, work and while driving.
1722;7;I got it this year and have listened to it numerous times, at home, work and while driving.
1722;8;The songs are poignant and wonderful for the season of love.
1722;9;This Christmas CD sounds beautiful and fun.
1722;10;The songs are poignant and wonderful for the season of love.
1723;1;It's just good overall If you enjoy R&B then this is the one.
1723;2;I am enjoying this CD and would recommend it.
1723;3;I Love you Uncle Charlie, I Remember When You Was With The Gap Band, And You Still Sound Good As Ever.
1723;4;I am enjoying this CD and would recommend it.
1723;5;I am enjoying this CD and would recommend it.
1723;6;I received it at my house the day this CD was released.
1723;7;I am enjoying this CD and would recommend it.
1723;8;blends well with the lyrics!
1723;9;"Oooh Wee" slickens up the rhythm quite a bit for a faster dance number but no less hard grooving.
1723;10;'Charlie Wilson is old school that has weathered the storm, I have loved Charlie's music when he was with the.Gap Band.
1720;1;Good luck to Richard Ashcroft, his solo album is fantastic.
1720;2;Surely they should have been through many bad things and they got over it with great effort."
1720;3;Surely they should have been through many bad things and they got over it with great effort."
1720;4;The music is simply  amazing, full on examples of the great talents at work.
1720;5;If you study and listen to songs like "Bittersweet Symphony" carefully, you can hear different layers of sound and perfection.
1720;6;The music is simply  amazing, full on examples of the great talents at work.
1720;7;It's like you're travelling through a tropical rainforest in the middle of the night, exploring nature and realising the true beauty of life.
1720;8;"One Day" delivers a sad sound but a great lyric - "tie yourself to the mast my friend and the storm will end".
1720;9;The drugs didn't work and the sonnet is out there, and now Richard is looking forward to a day when he and his lover "will dance again under fiery skies".
1720;10;As the title reveals, this is a sonnet (a poem) of love from Richard to his girlfriend (or boyfriend!)
1721;1;Well, I'll give it up: Amazon's good.
1721;2;There's the hilariously cynical "Care of Cell 44" (my favorite Zombies song),the sad ballad "A Rose for Emily", the beautiful "Maybe After He's Gone", the haunting "Beechwood Park",the almost epic "Hung Up on a Dream",the childish whismy of "I Want Her She Wants Me" and "This Will Be Our Year", the terrifying "Butcher's Tale",the uplifting "Friends of Mine",and the most famous Zombie's song "Time of the Season".
1721;3;Well, I'll give it up: Amazon's good.
1721;4;"time of the season," became a huge hit, as well it should have, sporting one of the most haunting sounds of any pop song from the late 60's.
1721;5;I can't explain how they make it sound so incredible (I'd love to read a book about the recording sessions of some of these bands) but I am happy that it sounds the way it does...This album mixes the 'Beatles' style of psychedelia with the harmony style of 'the Beach Boys'...all while creating a great set of lyrics for each individual song...I'd list my favorites, but each song has its own perfection.
1721;6;Beechwood Park, which gives its name to one of the songs here, is the grounds of a private school near our home.
1721;7;"Care Of Cell 44" is a rousing, piano driven ode to an incarcarated girlfriend that positively drips with yearning and hope, while "Maybe After He's Gone" is a beautifully melancholy anthem of loneliness.
1721;8;I can't explain how they make it sound so incredible (I'd love to read a book about the recording sessions of some of these bands) but I am happy that it sounds the way it does...This album mixes the 'Beatles' style of psychedelia with the harmony style of 'the Beach Boys'...all while creating a great set of lyrics for each individual song...I'd list my favorites, but each song has its own perfection.
1721;9;Similarly stirring is "Friends of Mine," a tribute to friendship and love, deemed one of popular music's greatest love songs by the file-sharing service/online music magazine, Audiogalaxy.
1721;10;There are perky songs about being happy in love, losing a love and hoping she'll return, and reminiscing about "golden days and golden summer nights."
1669;1;If you enjoy King Crimson or Rage Against The Machine, than you should find something to appreciate with At The Drive-In who consists of two members of Mars Volta and three members of Sparta.
1669;2;To be honest, there isn't a bad track on this album and I'm sure everyone will have different `standout' tracks.
1669;3;I still cant believe to this day how damn good this cd is...its mindblowing, this cd puts the energy back in music, i would recommend this to anyone who just likes good music, simply put, people who wrote bad reviews about this obviously don't have a good taste in music, so ignore all of them and pick it up, its your loss if you dont
1669;4;These guys were exceptional, passionate musicians.
1669;5;This band focuses on the political, and while i do have a big interest in politics, i seldom care to hear what some band has to say(who usually are leaning hard toward the left).
1669;6;These guys were exceptional, passionate musicians.
1669;7;Sonically, the rest of the band is just as energetic as Cedric with intense punk guitar riffs, furious drumming, and tripped out sound effects.
1669;8;Possibly the best rock release of 2000, At the Drive-In's "Relationship of Command" represents everything that remains pure in music: unchecked emotions, brilliant lyrics, and aggressive musicality.
1669;9;These guys were exceptional, passionate musicians.
1669;10;And, if you like TMV, but perhaps think they're a bit too excessive musically, you'll really love this.
1668;1;I enjoyed the "Cheers" song because it sent a message to strive to be happy and have fun regardless of what others think or say about you.
1668;2;This is definitely better than Good Girl Gone Bad, not that there is anything wrong with it, but Loud is definitely better, and sounds great played Loud!!!!
1668;3;This is definitely better than Good Girl Gone Bad, not that there is anything wrong with it, but Loud is definitely better, and sounds great played Loud!!!!
1668;4;As others have pointed out... this album has the most variety within it of all her albums and yet it still sounds cohesive.
1668;5;As others have pointed out... this album has the most variety within it of all her albums and yet it still sounds cohesive.
1668;6;Great cd for working around the house or just hanging out.
1668;7;"Loud" by Rihanna is great to get if you enjoy any of Rihanna's songs, especially "Umbrella" and/or "Drive".
1668;8;This is definitely better than Good Girl Gone Bad, not that there is anything wrong with it, but Loud is definitely better, and sounds great played Loud!!!!
1668;9;Fading: A great mid-tempo ballad that is playful...Only Girl (In The World): Addictive from the beginning and a great fun dance track!
1668;10;Absolutely love this deluxe edition.
1671;1;Awesome album, good music, classic sound.
1671;2;As always with Toto, excellent musicianship  throughout.
1671;3;Awesome album, good music, classic sound.
1671;4;As always with Toto, excellent musicianship  throughout.
1671;5;As always with Toto, excellent musicianship  throughout.
1671;6;"Fortune" again brings that brooding blues/rock flavor into the mix with a more strident rhythm while "Chinatown" brings in that clean jazzy funk/soul-pop sounds that was always my personal favorite element of their sound...  Overall this is an absolutely wonderful album.
1671;7;The first track "Running Out of Time" is a brilliant opening barrage of phenomenal musicianship and drive and energy.
1671;8;The musical creativity of this song is so right on point with the meaning of the lyrics and the musicianship is beyond!
1671;9;As always with Toto, excellent musicianship  throughout.
1671;10;So, overall an outstanding album even though  a couple songs did not do much for me on the first few listens.
1670;1;Recommended 100%, the best version in CD of Aqualung, great presentation, very good remaster, great sound quality, interesting extras, very happy with purchase.
1670;2;This extra cd was worth the price for the added version of My God alone!
1670;3;The sound quality is literally that good.
1670;4;This extra cd was worth the price for the added version of My God alone!
1670;5;This extra cd was worth the price for the added version of My God alone!
1670;6;The album is still the original album, it's just been cleaned up and detailed.
1670;7;It is like taking a classic car and giving it a wax job bringing it back to better than new.
1670;8;The music and the lyrics to this epic are just excellent on this rock radio staple which is probably playing on the radio as I write this.
1670;9;This extra cd was worth the price for the added version of My God alone!
1670;10;If you already like the music on the original, you'll love it remastered.
1665;1;Lifestyles...is just a good, fun song.
1665;2;the chorus goes: "Life, hope, truth, trust, faith, pride, love, lust, pain, hate, lies, guilt, laugh, cry, live, die.
1665;3;Good Charlotte's 2 album The Young And The Hopeless is an album that teeny boppers, cheerleaders, preps ect. listen to and label it "the best album ever!"
1665;4;Good Charlotte's 2 album The Young And The Hopeless is an album that teeny boppers, cheerleaders, preps ect. listen to and label it "the best album ever!"
1665;5;Good Charlotte's 2 album The Young And The Hopeless is an album that teeny boppers, cheerleaders, preps ect. listen to and label it "the best album ever!"
1665;6;I remember when I first bought it and took it home and listend to it and loved every single song on it.
1665;7;it is true got alot of girls like fancy and expensive cars.
1665;8;If they just listened to the album they will notice that the musicianship is quite good, and that the lyrics go a lot deeper then most people would expect.
1665;9;Then there's just some fun songs like Girls and Boys and Riot Girl, some of my favorites.
1665;10;My bloody valentine talk about how they are in love with this girl and would do anything to be with her, so they decided to kill her boyfriend.
1664;1;I like these guys they really are good with the story lines !!
1664;2;Zac Brown knew great talent when he heard it and signed them to his label.
1664;3;I like these guys they really are good with the story lines !!
1664;4;Zac Brown knew great talent when he heard it and signed them to his label.
1664;5;Zac Brown knew great talent when he heard it and signed them to his label.
1664;6;I played this everyday on the way home from work for 3 months straight and played the Little Piece of Dixie on the way to work.
1664;7;Zac Brown knew great talent when he heard it and signed them to his label.
1664;8;Reminescent of Lynrd Skynrd & 38  Special...Good old Southern Rock with an evolutionary twist...Refreshing lyrics delving into the same old areas yet Fresh enhanced by deeply talented musicians.
1664;9;Zac Brown knew great talent when he heard it and signed them to his label.
1664;10;Buy it
1667;1;I *loved* the Twilight Sndtk and wasn't certain New Moon would be as good and was so happy that it was excellent in a different way (Done All Wrong and Roslyn were the best!
1667;2;So be careful believing the negative reviews, not all of them are constructive criticism...As I've said above, there are much thorough reviews if you're interested in each song separately, but thank you for viewing my opinion!
1667;3;its a good mix of "darker" popular music.
1667;4;They're all amazing and unique.
1667;5;I have found so many great new bands by reading the acknowledgements in her  books (she lists the bands she listened to while writing).
1667;6;They're all amazing and unique.
1667;7;Great soundtrack with some epic tracks that you'll want to hit repeat for - excellent driving music and highly recommended
1667;8;They're all amazing and unique.
1667;9;It is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1667;10;love the music in all the Twilight series, Breaking Dawn being my favorite, but they all rock!
1666;1;All the musicians - 12 in total.in this band seem to gel, and all are in sync with each other...it's a great free flowing bunch of emotions and fun!
1666;2;Could listen to them all day.....great stuff
1666;3;I am 68 years young, raised with Motown, and this is as good as it gets for me right now.
1666;4;Could listen to them all day.....great stuff
1666;5;This is what I expected from the minute I read they were joining forces and Revelator was fine even good to great but this effort outshines it in my opinion at every beat, every strum and every lyric.
1666;6;Could listen to them all day.....great stuff
1666;7;"Made Up Mind" shows a band with more confidence, more comfortable as the leading contemporary soul/blues/rock band performing today...The title track jumps out with Derek's driving guitar.
1666;8;This is what I expected from the minute I read they were joining forces and Revelator was fine even good to great but this effort outshines it in my opinion at every beat, every strum and every lyric.
1666;9;I dance every time I put it on.
1666;10;The album starts off great  and leaves you wanted more, love the band!
1677;1;This was a gift for my husband , who really enjoyed Eddie & the Cruisers movies.
1677;2;Bought this CD and was very pleased with it.
1677;3;It takes me back to a simpler time, and that can be a good thing.
1677;4;Bought this CD and was very pleased with it.
1677;5;Bought this CD and was very pleased with it.
1677;6;Bought this CD and was very pleased with it.
1677;7;Cafferty manages to make these selections sound true to their era, but at the same time it is so forward-looking for that period that it easy to understand why the record company rejects it...Cafferty's rough vocals, the wailing sax, and the driving quality of the music certainly reflects the inspiration of Bruce Springsteen--with a touch of classic 1960s boy bands and more than a little splash of The Doors.
1677;8;I bought this on cassette back in 1989 the year it came out,always loved it was so happy to FINALLY get it on CD with the lyrics included,very happy with purchase.
1677;9;Fun blast from the past.
1677;10;I loved John Cafferty and the Beaver Brown Band...and this music definitely is some of their best work!
1676;1;Every song on this album is great and as good as Bella Donna was, This has to rate as one of her most fantastic albums.
1676;2;Some of the songs seem to be about romantic relationships and what you can learn from conflict or emotional pain...Candle bright seems to speak of a light that guides your soul back to a person who is provides stability in your life, even though you might be a dreamer.
1676;3;Stevie Nicks new album "Trouble in Shangri-la" is so good its almost too good.
1676;4;Stevie Nicks new album "Trouble in Shangri-la" is so good its almost too good.
1676;5;People tend to focus on all the "Guests" on the album but really they stand in the back and merely compliment Stevie's brilliance.
1676;6;I first purchased `Trouble in Shangri-La' when it was released in May 2001
1676;7;Trouble in Shangri La is a lush mix of sweet love songs, hard driving rockers, and even a country ballad.
1676;8;Her legendary lyrics and haunting vocals, are still here.
1676;9;Stevie Nicks new album "Trouble in Shangri-la" is so good its almost too good.
1676;10;'Its Only love' has that Buckingham Nicks album feel and again re-iterates the prominence of the acoustic guitar.
1679;1;All supporting singers were also very good, their voices portrayed their characters very well and Jennifer Ellison in particular made a big difference in Angel of Music...Altogether: I was happily surprised by how much I enjoyed this soundtrack.
1679;2;It is both sad and enchanting and the final lines are especially beautiful...12.
1679;3;And his acting in the film was very good
1679;4;Following this is the absolutely fantastic song preformed by the three main characters.
1679;5;One of the problems (or blessings), I had was that I can't recall ever hearing of it so this wonderful drama unfolded before fresh new eyes and ears and I didn't read the critical comments until after the viewing...First of all, the movie is obviously a film translation of a stage presentation.
1679;6;Put it on a good stereo or home theater system and TURN THE VOLUME UP.
1679;7;I found Butler was very passionate and driven to make his case as the Phantom.
1679;8;This segment runs from 4:50 to 5:55 and I had to listen to it several times just to get the full impact of the gorgeous harmony and the different lyrics.
1679;9;Following this is the absolutely fantastic song preformed by the three main characters.
1679;10;Miss Driver's soothing lullabye penetrates the heart, mind and soul and inspires one to conquer the darkness of loneliness through the self realization that learning to love and depend on one's self can indeed be the greatest success we may have in life.
1678;1;It's hard to say it's the best song on the album, it's all that good...This DUALDISC provides fantastic sound *(LPCM) and includes a charming video interview and four music videos.
1678;2;Barry's voice is soft and gentle and strong when needed.
1678;3;I think Barry's voice is just as good as it was 30 years ago.
1678;4;Barbra's voice swims in an eternal echo of timeless beauty that captures, caresses and carries the listener to comforting nostalgic moments in time...The lyrics divulge all the desires of a woman in love with an ecstatic honesty that is undeniably sensuous and desirable.
1678;5;Barbra, I hope you are reading these reviews and concentrating on the good ones because that is what this CD deserves.
1678;6;Barry's voice is soft and gentle and strong when needed.
1678;7;It's hard to say it's the best song on the album, it's all that good...The only reason to purchase this instead of the DUALDISC is if you plan on only playing it in your car or if you have no DVD player.
1678;8;I love the romance in the lyrics
1678;9;So take your partner and dance, as you can dance to this song..."Stranger In A Strange Land"- Great lyrics
1678;10;"One golden sky, one spark of light forever will remain
1673;1;U2 are still in their "over the top" mode with Popmart, yet they still know how to touch the heart with raw emotion.
1673;2;If you give it a chance, it's not bad at all...It's not one of my personal favorites from U2, but it's a great album, and I really like it.
1673;3;A perfect album to hear when you travel withj your car or when you want to relax by hearing good quality music.
1673;4;From the subtly  jazz influenced drum work to the shifting, haunting bridge, it's an  impeccable piece.
1673;5;From the subtly  jazz influenced drum work to the shifting, haunting bridge, it's an  impeccable piece.
1673;6;From the subtly  jazz influenced drum work to the shifting, haunting bridge, it's an  impeccable piece.
1673;7;A perfect album to hear when you travel withj your car or when you want to relax by hearing good quality music.
1673;8;U2 are still in their "over the top" mode with Popmart, yet they still know how to touch the heart with raw emotion.
1673;9;The following tour,  POPMART, while fun, didn't do justice to the album, as the live versions of  these complex songs just couldn't add up.
1673;10;However after a couple more times listening to it I really loved it.
1672;1;Track seven, "Fight or Fall" meanwhile is another fantastic ballad type number that features some very delicate and melodic guitar lines and beautiful, soulful vocal melodies from Phil that are just downright heartfelt and genuine, and there's also a great, pretty, docile and mellow guitar solo tacked on for good measure.
1672;2;Hardcore fans of any band will usually play favorites with a band's less famous albums, and they've often right to do so.
1672;3;You'll hear it played /everywhere/...And it's a damn good song, a solid rocker.
1672;4;Hardcore fans of any band will usually play favorites with a band's less famous albums, and they've often right to do so.
1672;5;Hardcore fans of any band will usually play favorites with a band's less famous albums, and they've often right to do so.
1672;6;I have bought this CD to have fantastic music in my car and the country house.
1672;7;I have bought this CD to have fantastic music in my car and the country house.
1672;8;Plenty of air guitar material here, and everybody knows the lyrics.
1672;9;It starts out with a pretty nostalgic slow opening that really does evoke the imagery of the old west before morphing into a fun brash rocker with another great set of vocal/guitar melodies and some great hooky leads that you'll never forget.
1672;10;Fans of the genre and music historians/collectors will most likely love it.
1675;1;Every song is excellent...This cd is good for fans of "hardcore" and also those that enjoy other kinds of rock.
1675;2;The whole album is great, not a single bad track.
1675;3;First of all, I want to say this CD is ridiculously good.
1675;4;This 9 minute work of art is simply such a great song throughout, its impossible to stop listening.
1675;5;"Waking the Fallen" focuses on Avenged Sevenfold's greatest strength.
1675;6;Avenged Sevenfold uses a very good mixture of harsh screaming vocals and very good clean voices.
1675;7;It opens with a cool piano bit before launching into blazing pure power metal territory, with a steady, grumbling bass line and heavy, driving guitar picking (including some Iron Maiden-meets-Judas Priest-y solo work).
1675;8;They have a metal feel to them, but not as heavy as some, but wonderful lyrics more than make up for it.
1675;9;A lot of these songs hit the six minute mark, but always remain interesting and fun.
1675;10;But after a couple listens i started to fall in love with this band... the guitar riffs mixed with the singing is incredible.
1674;1;So, was I happy or saddened with the results?
1674;2;Sad, quiet choruses, acoustic/clean electric guitars...the whole song is quiet for the most part, until the bridge, where heavier riffs come in to back a powerful and climatic solo.
1674;3;All the rest of the tracks are good, too.
1674;4;Schaffer sports a beautiful rhythm guitar melody, while Barlow belts out vocals Justin Timberlake and Usher wish they had.
1674;5;Stand Alone- A melodic thrash song, Iced Earth punishes the listener with incredible loudness and speed, blending an incredible mix of remorseless riffs, angry vocals, magnificent guitar solos, and an incredible backup choir.
1674;6;BLESSED ARE YOU--This is a song dedicated to all the millions of fans of Iced Earth out there
1674;7;I'll let you borrow my car!
1674;8;Another great song here is My Own Saviour, I love the lyric "Life's a b****, life's a w****".
1674;9;The vocals of Matt Barlow are half the fun of listening to it, as he sounds absolutely possessed in many of the songs.
1674;10;I love the opening riffs of Burning Times and it just gets better after that...This cd rocks!!
1684;1;I really enjoy this album and Eden the best, but all of her albums are good listening.
1684;2;Free: Sad but beautiful......Sarah sings about wanting to be free, and to move on.
1684;3;I had always assumed she was just a very good classical vocalist, and on the few occasions when I witnessed her performing on television and elsewhere, I was always impressed by her presence and voice.
1684;4;Beautiful accoustic guitar solo, which makes me feel sentimental.
1684;5;A highly recommended listen made true when sitting reading a book to a lesser extent, even driving.
1684;6;We go so deep into the making of Harem, that I feel at home.
1684;7;You travel in your mind to the sound of Sarahs amazing voice.
1684;8;The lyrics to every song are just purely beautiful...Every line holds so much strength that makes you feel so many different emotions.
1684;9;It builds up to another fine electronic dance beat, which soars through the sky like an eagle.
1684;10;This is probably one of Sarah's best love songs yet!
1685;1;Its still not as good as Three Dollar Bill Y'all$ but it is still great.
1685;2;This CD is just a perfect example of a band making an excellent CD like this and following it up with a (bad) CD.
1685;3;Its still not as good as Three Dollar Bill Y'all$ but it is still great.
1685;4;Limp Bizkit is one of the best bands today and Significant other is a great follow up to Three Dollar Bill, Y'all.
1685;5;Limp Bizkit is one of the best bands today and Significant other is a great follow up to Three Dollar Bill, Y'all.
1685;6;Limp Bizkit is one of the best bands today and Significant other is a great follow up to Three Dollar Bill, Y'all.
1685;7;Limp Bizkit is one of the best bands today and Significant other is a great follow up to Three Dollar Bill, Y'all.
1685;8;Better lyrics,better guitar work,and better overall everything  pushes this album up above their eponymous debut.
1685;9;It is always fun to listen to.
1685;10;I bought this CD having listened to and loved Three Dollar Bill, Yall.
1686;1;Theres nothing like the sounds of a good dusty, make you happy to be back in that era.
1686;2;A must have if you love great soul music.
1686;3;Good sounds, took me back had to dance a little.
1686;4;A must have if you love great soul music.
1686;5;A must have if you love great soul music.
1686;6;A must have if you love great soul music.
1686;7;A must have if you love great soul music.
1686;8;A must have if you love great soul music.
1686;9;Good sounds, took me back had to dance a little.
1686;10;A must have if you love great soul music.
1687;1;Metal fans will enjoy this release due to the fact that Children of Bodom are a fun band to listen to.
1687;2;Kissing The Shadows - arguably the best solo they've ever done.
1687;3;It's very long and technical.Mask of Sanity - I love the keyboard (bells) introduction as well as the chorus...I recommend getting the special edition with the two really good bonus songs: Don't Stop At The Top (Scorpions cover) and Shot In The Dark (Ozzy cover)...I also recommend Hatebreeder if you like this CD.
1687;4;Kissing The Shadows - arguably the best solo they've ever done.
1687;5;Kissing The Shadows - arguably the best solo they've ever done.
1687;6;The production is unbelevably clean.
1687;7;Kissing The Shadows - arguably the best solo they've ever done.
1687;8;It is very underrated song: not only has it the best lyrics, but a heavy catchy beat, and a grand keyboard/guitar solo.
1687;9;The sound (except for the growling) is cheerful and fun.
1687;10;Ive lent this cd to a couple of my friends who hate metal and just can grasp its holiness, and they loved this album, especially Kissing the shadows, my personal favorite, and Children of Decadence.
1680;1;The production, while not fantastic, is still good and I think it adds to the album overall in relation to the theme of the album...In summary, this album should be in your collection if you are a fan of music, let alone metal.
1680;2;Violent, sad, intricate, well executed, refreshing, etc.
1680;3;If you want good music, pick up this disc, or for that  matter, pretty much anything by Opeth (though I prefer the newer stuff over  the first two albums.)
1680;4;Their second album, "Morningrise" improved on the first, and had better musicianship (in fact, it sported several acoustic twin-guitar harmonies that made that album very special to me).
1680;5;It definitely focuses more on the band's heavy aspect, with music that sometimes resembles a black hurricane of fierceness.
1680;6;The music is heavy, and kerfeldt's growl is menacing indeed, but there are softer moments as well, bridges played on an acoustic guitar and outstanding "clean" vocals that contrast sharply to Opeth's harsher moments, yet sound perfectly at home.
1680;7;Another very cool thing about the album is the different moods the band's music travels through.
1680;8;Also, the lyrics for "Epilogue" end with the line, "Telling...of the beauty of its prologue."
1680;9;A very heavy, very depressive album, "My Arms, Your Hearse" is a great underground masterpiece that is fun to overhype...However, overhyping this record is not an easy task.
1680;10;I love all the songs on this album, but my favourite is "Demon of the Fall", one of my favourite songs of all time.
1681;1;He was a master songwriter who had an amazingly keen ear for melody, writing punk songs that mainstream music listeners could easily enjoy...After "(New Wave) Polly," "Incesticide" turns decidedly more quirky, yet no less engaging.
1681;2;This is a wonderful album.
1681;3;Amazing double lp, it sounds very good
1681;4;This is a wonderful album.
1681;5;When you read the name "Nirvana" you already know it's worth looking into.
1681;6;This is a wonderful album.
1681;7;To me, this was the most awesome Nirvana album--rivalling "Nevermind," and in some ways more aggressive, innovative and totally music to drive to.
1681;8;Turnaround- amazing lyrics, although not their original song...6.
1681;9;Son of a Gun is fun though, and Been a Son is one of the great Nirvana songs ever.
1681;10;This may not be one of those albums you fall in love with the first time you listen to it, but after a couple of listenings try to realize that it is a great collection of really cool underground songs...A lot of reviewers have said that the first half is great with catchy tunes and cool songs and the second is dark and almost unlistenable.
1682;1;This CD is so good.
1682;2;Rather, theres something organic, quixotic and unpredictable in all the works that come out of his hands.
1682;3;This CD is so good.
1682;4;Rather, theres something organic, quixotic and unpredictable in all the works that come out of his hands.
1682;5;Rather, theres something organic, quixotic and unpredictable in all the works that come out of his hands.
1682;6;Rather, theres something organic, quixotic and unpredictable in all the works that come out of his hands.
1682;7;Rather, theres something organic, quixotic and unpredictable in all the works that come out of his hands.
1682;8;Her voice, energy and lyrics are powerful and genuine
1682;9;Jennifer Nettles solo album is very earthy,warm ,fun, upbeat and just a very small hint of Sugarland.
1682;10;I especially love the song That Girl.
1683;1;you hear these songs world-wide&they still sound fresh now as they did when they came out.vocally Chuck Berry had a cool vibe as well.this is a good introduction to the new Chuck Berry Fan.
1683;2;Chuck Berry has long been criticized for his lack of involvement in the Civil Rights movement and for reinforcing some negative images of black males, but by presenting himself as an undeniably intelligent and gifted black at a time when many whites were denying that blacks were as intelligent was itself an important contribution.
1683;3;you hear these songs world-wide&they still sound fresh now as they did when they came out.vocally Chuck Berry had a cool vibe as well.this is a good introduction to the new Chuck Berry Fan.
1683;4;In October of 2006 Chuck Berry will be 80 years old.
1683;5;It's often hard to find a good compilation by an artist with original recordings of all their biggest and best known hits (it especially annoys me when I pick up a compilation CD in a store, read the track listing and just when I think it's good enough to buy I see the words "live version" next to a song).
1683;6;Berry was, is, and always will be the eye of the rock hurricane...Just a thought:  Berry grew up in St Louis, the home turf of William Bunch, aka Peetie Wheatstraw.
1683;7;The thumping rhythm and driving rock beat makes this a quintessential Chuck Berry song.
1683;8;Listen to the lyrics and you'll be treated to some clever vignettes, surreal 1950s imagery, and playful rhyming with an exceptionally lighthearted touch.
1683;9;My hope is that for his birthday Berry will be recognized for what he was:  the equal of anyone in making rock the popular musical form it became...Apart from Berry's musical contributions, which were formidable, he brought a sense of playful theatricality that was key in defining early on that rock `n' roll, whatever else it was, was fun.
1683;10;Awesome , I love it .
1692;1;Track seven, "Fight or Fall" meanwhile is another fantastic ballad type number that features some very delicate and melodic guitar lines and beautiful, soulful vocal melodies from Phil that are just downright heartfelt and genuine, and there's also a great, pretty, docile and mellow guitar solo tacked on for good measure.
1692;2;So I bought it...And - it's not a great remaster, but it it sounds like an album should sound, and the songs are GREAT!
1692;3;There's a very good reason for this, since anyone that listens to classic rock radio should be familiar with at least three of the songs on this album - "The Boys are Back In Town," "The Cowboy Song," and the title track.
1692;4;So I bought it...And - it's not a great remaster, but it it sounds like an album should sound, and the songs are GREAT!
1692;5;So I bought it...And - it's not a great remaster, but it it sounds like an album should sound, and the songs are GREAT!
1692;6;It was by far their biggest hit, unquestionably driven home by "The Boys Are Back in Town", their most famous song.
1692;7;I played this one in the car with a full carload and everybody literally got speechless throughout.
1692;8;Lynott as others have mentioned has a poetic touch and a way of phrasing his lyrics that is pleasing to the ear.
1692;9;Following that is "Cowboy Song" which is another one of Thin Lizzy's best known tracks which starts out slow and melodic with a pretty acoustic opening that evokes the imagery of the Old West before it turns into a brash and fun rock song that is filled with more awesome guitar work and vocal melodies, great drumming and bass, plus the song is also highlighted by yet some more excellent, noteworthy soloing as well too.
1692;10;Fans of the genre and music historians/collectors will most likely love it.
1693;1;Define Classic starring 2 good villians.
1693;2;His stevie wonder covers are meandering and noodling, and some of his blue note remixes can be a little aimless, but this album has a strong concept (thanks, probably, to DOOM) and Madlib does some of the most thickly evocative things I've ever heard him do.
1693;3;Define Classic starring 2 good villians.
1693;4;Madvillain sports 2 prolific veterans of the rap game who have managed to make hip-hop challenging and relevant again.
1693;5;This gives DOOM the chance to focus all his energy on his rhymes, and the result is amazing.
1693;6;I picked it up and took it home.
1693;7;This album is an mind altering trip through the half-linear minds of the two supervillains behind the moniker Madvillain.
1693;8;The lyrics are very cerebral, and the album has a raw, organic feel to it - what real hip-hop is supposed to sound like.
1693;9;The lyrics are very cerebral, and the album has a raw, organic feel to it - what real hip-hop is supposed to sound like.
1693;10;More than likely, it's Dooms love for comic books that allows him to offer new creative perspectives (check the cartoonish comic strip video for "All Caps")!
1694;1;Here is neil -letting us enjoy some fun music.
1694;2;This is Exhibit A that music can provide a cleansing of the soul and that pain and sorrow can bring the best out of you.
1694;3;Rarely can music that is this bad be so good.
1694;4;I can't it's my favorite Neil Young release but it is a good listen.
1694;5;A deserved classic you can read about on Wikipedia.
1694;6;I can't it's my favorite Neil Young release but it is a good listen.
1694;7;Albuquerque is a beautiful traveling ballad that could only come from Neil.
1694;8;"Borrowed Tune" with it's sad opening harmonica and quiet piano perfectly describes Neil's state of mind:.
1694;9;Here is neil -letting us enjoy some fun music.
1694;10;I had this album back in the day and loved it so I bought this on CD and I still love it !!
1695;1;The album opens with GOOD ENOUGH,a fun and catchy rocker,and has several good moments.
1695;2;His ability to compose a good melody and put underneath it a complex guitar accompanyment (it's so busy it's hard to call it accompanyment) really shines on 5150.
1695;3;His ability to compose a good melody and put underneath it a complex guitar accompanyment (it's so busy it's hard to call it accompanyment) really shines on 5150.
1695;4;His ability to compose a good melody and put underneath it a complex guitar accompanyment (it's so busy it's hard to call it accompanyment) really shines on 5150.
1695;5;He had a successful career with his former band "Montrose", and a successful solo career, and now with their new singer who had a better voice, Van Halen would be more focused as a band instead of just focusing on their frontman.
1695;6;His ability to compose a good melody and put underneath it a complex guitar accompanyment (it's so busy it's hard to call it accompanyment) really shines on 5150.
1695;7;His ability to compose a good melody and put underneath it a complex guitar accompanyment (it's so busy it's hard to call it accompanyment) really shines on 5150.
1695;8;The ballads--WHY CAN'T THIS BE LOVE,DREAMS,and LOVE WALKS IN are all very nice and pretty and feauture some of Eddie Van Halen's best guitar solos,SUMMER NIGHTS is a fun party song,and the album ends with a very funny tracK(I know other Amazon reviewers hate this,but to me it sounds quite funny)entitled INSIDE--the lyrics,music,singing,and dialogue are all hillarious.
1695;9;The ballads--WHY CAN'T THIS BE LOVE,DREAMS,and LOVE WALKS IN are all very nice and pretty and feauture some of Eddie Van Halen's best guitar solos,SUMMER NIGHTS is a fun party song,and the album ends with a very funny tracK(I know other Amazon reviewers hate this,but to me it sounds quite funny)entitled INSIDE--the lyrics,music,singing,and dialogue are all hillarious.
1695;10;The ballads--WHY CAN'T THIS BE LOVE,DREAMS,and LOVE WALKS IN are all very nice and pretty and feauture some of Eddie Van Halen's best guitar solos,SUMMER NIGHTS is a fun party song,and the album ends with a very funny tracK(I know other Amazon reviewers hate this,but to me it sounds quite funny)entitled INSIDE--the lyrics,music,singing,and dialogue are all hillarious.
1688;1;very satisfied with the shipment... enjoying the record so much... the packaging is very good and i received the shipment earlier than i expected.
1688;2;I describe it like a cross between Beck's Sea Change and well a little electronica thrown in, sad but a beautiful album.
1688;3;More good tunes from an amazing voice.
1688;4;Jones worked as the featured vocalist on Burton's passion project, along the way establishing a working relationship with the producer that eventually led to talks of a larger, more collaborative project.
1688;5;Broken Little Hearts is proof that Norah Jones is able to write for more critical, more passionate listeners
1688;6;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
1688;7;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
1688;8;Its catchy and has very well written lyrics.
1688;9;Any open-minded music fan will find this album fun, yet relaxing to listen to, which is what Norah's voice was intended for.
1688;10;The album tells a story about a break-up and our heroine feels betrayed by her ex-boyfriend ("Take it Back"), but she "would like to see him happy" (She's 22) even with his new girlfriend, while she is willing to "take the life" of "Miriam" (the person behind the break-up of Norah & her boyfriend) .
1689;1;Well, please purchase this album?It's really good, and I know if you get this album you'll feel so happy!
1689;2;she should earn a Grammy for her work!
1689;3;To my delight, there's a good deal.
1689;4;she should earn a Grammy for her work!
1689;5;Jewel definetly grabbed my attention, the first time I looked and read her poetry inside the booklet.
1689;6;I used to hear this album everyday when I came home from school, I bought this album when I was in the 8th grade, hard to believe all that time has passed and I am still a huge fan of Jewel.
1689;7;Jewel lived a life of happy poverty in a car for years before making it big as a recording artist, and now this Alaskan angel has captured the hearts of many with album after album.
1689;8;Years now since I first heard the opening track, but still I remember the thrill I felt at its soaring, apostolic tone and its stunningly relevant lyrics about keeping oneself rooted amid the shallow bustle of life.
1689;9;`I'm Sensitive' is fun and fresh and is extremely entertaining and `Morning Song' is cheeky and similar to `You Were Meant for Me' in structure and delivery.
1689;10;and if you  feel happy and romantic, just take your pick of the rest of the songs.
1690;1;Great classic album and a good pressing.
1690;2;His stevie wonder covers are meandering and noodling, and some of his blue note remixes can be a little aimless, but this album has a strong concept (thanks, probably, to DOOM) and Madlib does some of the most thickly evocative things I've ever heard him do.
1690;3;Great classic album and a good pressing.
1690;4;Madvillain sports 2 prolific veterans of the rap game who have managed to make hip-hop challenging and relevant again.
1690;5;This gives DOOM the chance to focus all his energy on his rhymes, and the result is amazing.
1690;6;I picked it up and took it home.
1690;7;The individual songcraft is excellent, but the serpentine evolution of the whole thing will make you stop caring about which song is which after a while
1690;8;His abstract rhymescheme, and flow maybe hard to swallow on this release if you aren't completely ready for what you're going into, but once you can accept his abstract nature, you'll end up loving this...Madlib's production is just as abstract on this release as DOOM's lyrics.
1690;9;MF DOOM and Madlib created something truly special, and in my opinion timeless with this album
1690;10;More than likely, it's Dooms love for comic books that allows him to offer new creative perspectives (check the cartoonish comic strip video for "All Caps")!
1691;1;Well, please purchase this album?It's really good, and I know if you get this album you'll feel so happy!
1691;2;The cd has such diversity which is so  excellent.
1691;3;'Foolish Games', 'Who Will Save Your Soul' and 'You Were  Meant For Me' are excellent songs in their own right, but to think those  are the only songs that could possibly be good on this CD is the  understatement of the century.
1691;4;The cd has such diversity which is so  excellent.
1691;5;Jewel definetly grabbed my attention, the first time I looked and read her poetry inside the booklet.
1691;6;I used to hear this album everyday when I came home from school, I bought this album when I was in the 8th grade, hard to believe all that time has passed and I am still a huge fan of Jewel.
1691;7;I take this CD everywhere I travel.
1691;8;I'm also really fond of the album flap, it includes a bunch of pictures of Jewel at her cutest and best, along with some sample poetry and lyrics.
1691;9;Her songs, like Tori Amos's touched on many different important subjects such as poverty, abuse, friendships, drug abuse, prejudice, love, and death...This CD belongs in any collection of people who enjoy poetic lyrics with a strong message and a purist style of music.
1691;10;I was so happy those songs were on the cd, and I  literally fell in love with the cd!
1913;1;I am happy to have this disc, and all of the rest from Mr. Culbertson, when you listen and feel good about what you hear, that says it all, all bases are covered, give us some more!!
1913;2;One of Brian Culbertson's best CDs!
1913;3;Still, this updated version makes an already good song even better... The long trip down memory lane concludes with an updated version of "Changing Tides" which actually is similar to "Beautiful Liar" in the sense of being very close to sounding and feeling like the original.
1913;4;One of Brian Culbertson's best CDs!
1913;5;One of Brian Culbertson's best CDs!
1913;6;I titled this review "Welcome home" because this introduced me, as well as to many others, into B.C.'s thoughts into making this project, revisiting the roots he put down 20 years ago and to once again create a true, smooth jazz album.
1913;7;Still, this updated version makes an already good song even better... The long trip down memory lane concludes with an updated version of "Changing Tides" which actually is similar to "Beautiful Liar" in the sense of being very close to sounding and feeling like the original.
1913;8;One of Brian Culbertson's best CDs!
1913;9;One of Brian Culbertson's best CDs!
1913;10;I love how Brian give us something a little different on all of his CD's.
1912;1;I've always liked, enjoyed and appreciated Jill Scott, but I love her now.
1912;2;The cohesive quality of this album makes the experience of listening to it all the more rewarding...There are no bad tracks on this album, and really low points because each track is a highlight.
1912;3;Also good are "Insomnia" and "Wanna Be Loved".
1912;4;she's on fire....from the beginning that starts w/Who is Jill Scott, to  Experience Jill Scott 826+, the classic Beautifully Human (by the way if anyone knows where the remix to Cross My Mind off of Beautifully Human can be found, please let a sista know) to Collaborations and now the noir comeback - The Real Thing....
1912;5;I was a little disappointed in reading a few of the reviews that seem too preoccupied with commenting on the state of Jill's marriage and NOT at all on this new music...It's funny to me that music fans laud the efforts of other artists who produce music during "dark periods" yet villify others.
1912;6;Opening with jazzy horns and a spicy organ, Jill sings about being far from her man, but wanting him to come home so they can, ya know.
1912;7;she's on fire....from the beginning that starts w/Who is Jill Scott, to  Experience Jill Scott 826+, the classic Beautifully Human (by the way if anyone knows where the remix to Cross My Mind off of Beautifully Human can be found, please let a sista know) to Collaborations and now the noir comeback - The Real Thing....
1912;8;What's consistent is the thought provoking lyrics that she writes that make you feel emotions too.
1912;9;she's on fire....from the beginning that starts w/Who is Jill Scott, to  Experience Jill Scott 826+, the classic Beautifully Human (by the way if anyone knows where the remix to Cross My Mind off of Beautifully Human can be found, please let a sista know) to Collaborations and now the noir comeback - The Real Thing....
1912;10;I've always liked, enjoyed and appreciated Jill Scott, but I love her now.
1915;1;The guitar work is stellar, but they have clearly mixed in some real life emotions and experiences here too, kind of an artistic maturity...without "selling out" or changing what they are really good at.
1915;2;My only complaint is the he doesnt showcase his singing voice enough.
1915;3;The cover of Sound of Silence is HAUNTINGLY good.
1915;4;It'll be great for your workout playlist for a while.
1915;5;My only complaint is the he doesnt showcase his singing voice enough.
1915;6;The sound is clean and crisp across the entire CD and I can't stop listening to this album either.
1915;7;Great list of new songs that all will have you bobbin' your head in your car.
1915;8;His lyrics are always relevant and intelligently written.
1915;9;My only complaint is the he doesnt showcase his singing voice enough.
1915;10;I love that they created it in secret.
1914;1;this song deals mainly with endings, such as summer and life's end...Recommendation- highly recommend it to all John Mayer fans, fans of easy listening, and people who want good music to relax to.
1914;2;Great set of discs for the price.
1914;3;this song deals mainly with endings, such as summer and life's end...Recommendation- highly recommend it to all John Mayer fans, fans of easy listening, and people who want good music to relax to.
1914;4;Great set of discs for the price.
1914;5;I own Continuum and Battle Studies and find both of them to be excellent records, which lead me to purchase Paradise Valley also, and I think this is his best yet.
1914;6;I have to say I like john mayer but it was something if I heard it on the radio I enjoyed it but it wasn't anything I reached for - this CD is on repeat in the car and at home.
1914;7;I have to say I like john mayer but it was something if I heard it on the radio I enjoyed it but it wasn't anything I reached for - this CD is on repeat in the car and at home.
1914;8;If you listen to the lyrics it is a very simple yet deep list of things he is waiting for, which gives you a sense of the important things in life...4.
1914;9;Its going to be fun to watch him develop in the years to come...You will not be disappointed with purchasing this cd.
1914;10;I love this musical genius
1917;1;If you like albums that contain same-ish songs, look somewhere else, this is a fantastic variety of catchy pop, ballads, and other amazing offerings.
1917;2;"Vegas" is a song that always puts a smile on my face during a bad day, the mood and lyrics always inspire me.
1917;3;"Vegas" is a song that always puts a smile on my face during a bad day, the mood and lyrics always inspire me.
1917;4;I appreciate that her voice sounds young and mature, and that the entire CD has an upbeat feel to it.
1917;5;I appreciate that her voice sounds young and mature, and that the entire CD has an upbeat feel to it.
1917;6;I appreciate that her voice sounds young and mature, and that the entire CD has an upbeat feel to it.
1917;7;"One Sweet Love" is the first ballad on the album and leaning more towards acoustic driven pop than the first three tracks which are more soul influenced.
1917;8;"Vegas" is a song that always puts a smile on my face during a bad day, the mood and lyrics always inspire me.
1917;9;Fun to have this album.
1917;10;The song, while romantic and sweet has lyrics that you wouldn't expect to hear in a love song.
1916;1;Of course she is fantastic & this was good coverage of some of her best
1916;2;Every other song is so worth it and I'm glad she finally chose to come out with a true greatest hits CD...Yes, there are a few songs I wish were on here, but you can't make everyone happy.
1916;3;Of course she is fantastic & this was good coverage of some of her best
1916;4;Every other song is so worth it and I'm glad she finally chose to come out with a true greatest hits CD...Yes, there are a few songs I wish were on here, but you can't make everyone happy.
1916;5;Every other song is so worth it and I'm glad she finally chose to come out with a true greatest hits CD...Yes, there are a few songs I wish were on here, but you can't make everyone happy.
1916;6;Every other song is so worth it and I'm glad she finally chose to come out with a true greatest hits CD...Yes, there are a few songs I wish were on here, but you can't make everyone happy.
1916;7;I listen in car and it is wonderful for road trips.
1916;8;Every other song is so worth it and I'm glad she finally chose to come out with a true greatest hits CD...Yes, there are a few songs I wish were on here, but you can't make everyone happy.
1916;9;I love Celine Dions' music and find it fun and invigorating.
1916;10;My Love- is a great way to own just about every single Celine has ever come out with, without needing to by all her other CDs.
1919;1;"Make Someone Happy" is flawless--this music is all THAT good.
1919;2;I am sad there is no duet or vocal with Diana Krall, but Diana should be so proud of her production.
1919;3;"Spring Can Really Hang You Up The Most" is another gem that Barbra aces seemingly effortlessly--but of course we know that a performance this good isn't just by chance
1919;4;"If You Go Away (Ne Me Quitte Pas)" features Barbra handling complex tempo and key changes that enhance her performance all the more
1919;5;"Smoke gets in your eyes" is another dramatically read song.
1919;6;Barbra Streisand releases her best CD in years.
1919;7;Barbra Streisand releases her best CD in years.
1919;8;"In The Wee Small Hours Of The Morning" is an absolutely stunning torch song
1919;9;Barbra Streisand releases her best CD in years.
1919;10;"A Time For Love" impresses me
1918;1;Not only range, but deep emotion and a moving spiritual quality.
1918;2;Someday When I Stop Loving You - Beautiful, really sad.
1918;3;I think this one's pretty good, too!
1918;4;It's a very nice album, and it's all acoustic
1918;5;If you also read the Thank You section in the album, you'll know what I'm talking about...Balance is the right word to describe how all of the 13 tracks blend together into this effort.
1918;6;It's a very nice album, and it's all acoustic
1918;7;I'm a huge fan of Carrie's, and I bought this so I could have one copy in my car and one in my living room!
1918;8;Not only range, but deep emotion and a moving spiritual quality.
1918;9;This cd makes me want to get up and dance!
1918;10;I love her voice on all of them but these last 3 songs are the best!
1905;1;I think the concept of singing about rejection and how lonely the number "One" is strikes me as interesting :) Songs like these that were considered too mushy or syrupy back in the day sound pretty good today :) I'm more than happy with my purchase and Auto Rip of this album :) A great collection of well-written songs by a great, distinctive band!
1905;2;This album may miss a few of the more obscure  tracks (Pieces of April, Sure As I'm Sittin' Here, One Man Band), but the  tracks included are the most memorable.
1905;3;Another good Greatest Hits Collection.
1905;4;This album may miss a few of the more obscure  tracks (Pieces of April, Sure As I'm Sittin' Here, One Man Band), but the  tracks included are the most memorable.
1905;5;This album may miss a few of the more obscure  tracks (Pieces of April, Sure As I'm Sittin' Here, One Man Band), but the  tracks included are the most memorable.
1905;6;This album may miss a few of the more obscure  tracks (Pieces of April, Sure As I'm Sittin' Here, One Man Band), but the  tracks included are the most memorable.
1905;7;In this poetic, memory-laden act about traveling to different places, the first verse is soft, the second has a country sound and is a little more energetic, and the last verse is really driven.
1905;8;I love the lyrics in the bands music.
1905;9;this is a awesome cd it is fun and enjoyable to listen to the best songs on this cd are all of them if you have not listened to this cd then i recommend you do
1905;10;This is timeless pop/rock music that some folks love and some folks hate.
1904;1;I thoroughly enjoyed this album...arrangements were well done, and the quality of singing by the amateur singers was surprisingly good.
1904;2;I thought it was going to be spoofy but it is great with original songs!
1904;3;I was impressed very good.
1904;4;I thought it was going to be spoofy but it is great with original songs!
1904;5;I thought it was going to be spoofy but it is great with original songs!
1904;6;Instead of basing their set in the high glamour city life of New York or Beverly Hills, their rustic home in Louisiana is a big draw.
1904;7;My whole family LOVE this Christmas cd, I had this in the car and we listened to this cd through out the whole month of December!
1904;8;I thought it was going to be spoofy but it is great with original songs!
1904;9;Its not Santa or the Grinch
1904;10;My wife and two adult kids just Loved it.
1907;1;The cd was in very good condition and I enjoy rocking with the classics
1907;2;Rush brought the first act of their career to a close with arguably their best live record released in the fall of 1976.
1907;3;Because the product is very good .
1907;4;Rush brought the first act of their career to a close with arguably their best live record released in the fall of 1976.
1907;5;Because musical taste is so personal, I really don't like writing or reading reviews much.
1907;6;Rush brought the first act of their career to a close with arguably their best live record released in the fall of 1976.
1907;7;Raw, straight forward, guitar driven, power trio Rush.
1907;8;Rush, always full of energy, meaningful lyrics and great musicianship, rocks with this CD of live music from 1976.
1907;9;I remember partying to this lp late into the summer nights way back when.
1907;10;But, I still love this album.
1906;1;Fun fact: Marley was always bigger in Europe than he was in the US.
1906;2;Marley croons with pain and longing in the popular "Waiting in Vain
1906;3;If you own none of his stuff, this is a pretty good place to start, as it contains many of his more popular songs.
1906;4;Just got introduced to Bob Marley's music and I must say that this is a great album.
1906;5;Marley had also been known as some what of a rights activist for his people, but living in another part of the world seemed to have brought peace to his mind about the harsh conditions back home because he was more focused on his universal truths such as fate...Songs like 'Jamming' and the beautiful 'Waiting In Vain' brought Marley & The Wailers to the masses.
1906;6;Our family dances around the house to this album on a regular basis.
1906;7;Just got introduced to Bob Marley's music and I must say that this is a great album.
1906;8;What motivated Bob Marley to write some of his best lyrics, with strong spiritual content, messages of biblical condemnation for the wicked and biting criticism of the system and it's defenders?
1906;9;Fun fact: Marley was always bigger in Europe than he was in the US.
1906;10;It contains love songs and songs of great spirituality.
1909;1;Lot of cool guitar riffing fills the song out...Arizona is also a blast...Even Blackout is generally considered a commercial compromise by the band there are some fantastic moments...Add to your 80's collection and enjoy.
1909;2;One of their best albums.
1909;3;I personally think that this studio album can be considered a greatest hits or best of album it is so good.
1909;4;Now I enjoy it during my 45 minute daily workouts.
1909;5;if you want to read my pretencious, snobby opinion, well, i will share it but first i must disclaim that aside my extremely opinionated disposition, i also tell the truth...i am abnormal.
1909;6;I thought the best part of the show was the fact that after the show they shared Rudolf Schenker's birthday celebration with the people who came to the show all in all this was one of the best albums released at the time the music had great hooks Klaus Meine's vocals were crisp and clean intro's were the best definitely a must have for any rock collection hope I did not bore you to much thanks for listening
1909;7;Plays great in my stereo, and my fancy Car!
1909;8;One of their best albums.
1909;9;One of their best albums.
1909;10;And their next album, Love at First Sting, would be even better.
1908;1;Working man has a breif bass solo(well more a start to the interlude) and some good John Rutsy drum/cymbol mashing.
1908;2;Honestly, there's not even one bad song on here, they're all great and fun to rock out to.
1908;3;Working man has a breif bass solo(well more a start to the interlude) and some good John Rutsy drum/cymbol mashing.
1908;4;What better way to start it then "Finding My Way".
1908;5;I think it's pathetic that people compare this album to their totally different works and say this is nothing compared to it when in fact they don't focus on how amazing the music on this cd really is...I highly recommend this CD to any and all lovers of rock.
1908;6;What better way to start it then "Finding My Way".
1908;7;The songs that I just can't get enough of are, Working Man (the very song that got them noticed by a record company in Cleveland), What You're Doing, Finding My Way and Here Again...This is one of those albums that is perfect to listen to and enjoy during a weekend road trip!
1908;8;It's a great song, lyrics are pretty plain though...A-
1908;9;It is so much fun to listen to, from start to finish!
1908;10;Instead, many of the songs concern Geddy Lee's horniness and the fact that he is "In The Mood" and "Needs Some Love", and the most intelligent songs has him "Finding My Way", being a "Working Man", and him being "Here Again".
1911;1;Filled with anger and fun the way a rock song should be, Don't Hurt Yourself revived Sasha Fierce for a few blissful minutes..."Daddy Lessons" is a gun-toting salute to papa for giving good advice on how the handle trouble.
1911;2;He does his thing here, rapping with credible pain and the longing for equality, as his rap boasts a good little structured melody.
1911;3;The outro includes the album's most famous line: "He better call Becky with the good hair."
1911;4;She carries the song and takes it to skyrocketing levels of fury.
1911;5;She carries the song and takes it to skyrocketing levels of fury.
1911;6;She carries the song and takes it to skyrocketing levels of fury.
1911;7;Pleasant surprise and always nice to have on in the car or when ready to conquer the day.
1911;8;This closing lyric of the song is preceded by spoken/sung verses of playful yet serious assertions.
1911;9;You can practically see and hear one party whispering sweet nothings while the other party is listening at the door.
1911;10;It works well, and it continues the still-engaging story of a dysfunctional couple.
1910;1;Very good CD with his greatest hits!
1910;2;It has all of my favorite Michael Jackson songs from the '80s including "Beat It", "Bad", "Heal The World", "Black & White", and "Billie Jean".
1910;3;Very good CD with his greatest hits!
1910;4;Yes, this little with one hand, but on the other, they bring me back to the days when star Michael shone brightly on the musical Olympus.
1910;5;This guy cleans house better than Bubbles the Chimp on housecleaning day - and he manages to do it with style and grace, never mind what you've been reading in the tabloids!!
1910;6;This guy cleans house better than Bubbles the Chimp on housecleaning day - and he manages to do it with style and grace, never mind what you've been reading in the tabloids!!
1910;7;Yes, this little with one hand, but on the other, they bring me back to the days when star Michael shone brightly on the musical Olympus.
1910;8;It has all of my favorite Michael Jackson songs from the '80s including "Beat It", "Bad", "Heal The World", "Black & White", and "Billie Jean".
1910;9;He was able with the help of his talent, to develop a special style of dance.
1910;10;"Beat It" is probably my most favorite Michael Jackson song...I just love the music video.
1896;1;"Unchain My Heart" really rocks and it sounds very good!
1896;2;There's also a "90s version" of "Unchain My Heart."
1896;3;"Unchain My Heart" really rocks and it sounds very good!
1896;4;There's also a "90s version" of "Unchain My Heart."
1896;5;There's also a "90s version" of "Unchain My Heart."
1896;6;There's also a "90s version" of "Unchain My Heart."
1896;7;This is a fun trip into the past with the unique voice and stylings of Joe
1896;8;There's also a "90s version" of "Unchain My Heart."
1896;9;This is a fun trip into the past with the unique voice and stylings of Joe
1896;10;I am now :) More conscious of voice so I thought ok fine I love Adele so let me check it out.
1897;1;Amos manages to go from the whimsical and cute with In the Wrong Band to the down right fun to listen to CornFlake Girl to more serious, artistically speaking,  offerings like Icicle, God and Pretty Good Year.
1897;2;"Yes Anastasia" is a nine-minute orchestral epic...There are so many good things about this CD, but of course there are bad things as well.
1897;3;"Yes Anastasia" is a nine-minute orchestral epic...There are so many good things about this CD, but of course there are bad things as well.
1897;4;Perhaps because I've grown into being a fan of Tori Amos, or simply have a taste for complex musical poetry, this collection meets all my (high) standards of what poetry should be when woven with innovative music.
1897;5;So give this album a chance, and if you don't like it, take a chance to read the lyrics a few times and the quotes on her fansite and try to digest it.
1897;6;I can definitely identify with that, growing up in a christian home myself.
1897;7;Great song to drive to!
1897;8;Yes, the music and lyrics are hard to get used to, but in order for it to resonate the right way, I started my listening with one of her most famous songs, CORNFLAKE GIRL, and went from there.
1897;9;Amos manages to go from the whimsical and cute with In the Wrong Band to the down right fun to listen to CornFlake Girl to more serious, artistically speaking,  offerings like Icicle, God and Pretty Good Year.
1897;10;I just love the edge from this album.
1898;1;But darnit, these are some *good songs* - "Kathy's Song" and "April Come She Will" remain achingly poignant after all these years, and the hurried tempo and bright harpsichord of "Leaves That Are Green" drive home its message of youth and loss memorably.
1898;2;It's still a  wonderful and quirky song.
1898;3;But darnit, these are some *good songs* - "Kathy's Song" and "April Come She Will" remain achingly poignant after all these years, and the hurried tempo and bright harpsichord of "Leaves That Are Green" drive home its message of youth and loss memorably.
1898;4;It's still a  wonderful and quirky song.
1898;5;it may sound clich but this is a classic, Paul Simon is an excellent songwriter (and vocalist) and many times his songs are great to read as poems as well.
1898;6;But darnit, these are some *good songs* - "Kathy's Song" and "April Come She Will" remain achingly poignant after all these years, and the hurried tempo and bright harpsichord of "Leaves That Are Green" drive home its message of youth and loss memorably.
1898;7;But darnit, these are some *good songs* - "Kathy's Song" and "April Come She Will" remain achingly poignant after all these years, and the hurried tempo and bright harpsichord of "Leaves That Are Green" drive home its message of youth and loss memorably.
1898;8;I also like the the lyrics, very thought provoking.
1898;9;Love it played it had fun with it and loved the songs always make me smile thanks for the songs
1898;10;For  those that can't tell this album was predominantly made for the charts, you  will love it, for others you will love it as well.
1899;1;The brass are fabulous (the revolutionary concept of having a rock album with brass providing the basic orchestration directly foreshadows the group Chicago), the singles are fabulous (You Made Me So Very Happy, Spinning Wheel), the remake of the Billie Holiday classic God Bless the Child is a revelation, More and More is just fun driving rock, And When I Die is a satirical masterpiece.
1899;2;The bonus tracks, two live and lengthy renditions of songs later put on this record in briefer form, give a good idea of how exciting it was to watch these guys play live.
1899;3;The bonus tracks, two live and lengthy renditions of songs later put on this record in briefer form, give a good idea of how exciting it was to watch these guys play live.
1899;4;The bonus tracks, two live and lengthy renditions of songs later put on this record in briefer form, give a good idea of how exciting it was to watch these guys play live.
1899;5;The album has excellent production by James William Guercio, who was also a founder/producer of Chicago (while both bands played brassy jazz-rock, BS&T focused more on the jazz)
1899;6;The bonus tracks, two live and lengthy renditions of songs later put on this record in briefer form, give a good idea of how exciting it was to watch these guys play live.
1899;7;Amazon MP3 sounds good enough for a road trip and a decent car stereo.
1899;8;Big Band, Jazz, Blues, Rock, and sassy but thoughtful lyrics, all rolled into one beautiful mouse-trap that works.
1899;9;The brass are fabulous (the revolutionary concept of having a rock album with brass providing the basic orchestration directly foreshadows the group Chicago), the singles are fabulous (You Made Me So Very Happy, Spinning Wheel), the remake of the Billie Holiday classic God Bless the Child is a revelation, More and More is just fun driving rock, And When I Die is a satirical masterpiece.
1899;10;However that's not to say that bands like BS&T's and Chicago sold out at all, just that they were following the trend of evolution- one thing giving way to another... This may be more rock based, but the Jazz soul is still shining in this music... If you have enjoyed another of BS&T's album you should love this.
1900;1;It's amazing how much emotion someone can put into music so simple.
1900;2;Marley croons with pain and longing in the popular "Waiting in Vain
1900;3;A really good mixture of mellow with the politically powered.
1900;4;The most amazing thing is, these guys were basically inventing this new music at the time they were coming out.
1900;5;Marley had also been known as some what of a rights activist for his people, but living in another part of the world seemed to have brought peace to his mind about the harsh conditions back home because he was more focused on his universal truths such as fate...Songs like 'Jamming' and the beautiful 'Waiting In Vain' brought Marley & The Wailers to the masses.
1900;6;But tracks such as "Jamming" and "Three Little Birds" are still suffused with the deep essence of riggae and life at home.
1900;7;The most amazing thing is, these guys were basically inventing this new music at the time they were coming out.
1900;8;His music is a perfect expression of his beliefs - the lyrics, the steady and hypnotic riddims, the melodies - every element in perfect accord with the others.
1900;9;Every song is strong and topics range from party songs to social commentary.
1900;10;With Exodus, Jamming, Waiting in Vain, Three Little Birds (every thing is gonna be all right) and One Love, this is a greatest hits album in its own right.
1901;1;She had to sing as good and powerful as she could at any given time, it was all about singing, about the performance, the emotional intent and the impact she brought out in her performances.
1901;2;Wonderful compilation, wonderful sound reproduction, wonderful every thing about it...The world lost an incomparable artist on that sad day, but gained a beautiful angel for eternity.
1901;3;She had to sing as good and powerful as she could at any given time, it was all about singing, about the performance, the emotional intent and the impact she brought out in her performances.
1901;4;No one is perfect, and we all have struggles.
1901;5;No one is perfect, and we all have struggles.
1901;6;No one is perfect, and we all have struggles.
1901;7;Buy this cd/dvd set and you will enjoy this legend's soaring,powerful gospel driven vocal riffs and runs and they are nothing short of amazing!
1901;8;Wonderful compilation, wonderful sound reproduction, wonderful every thing about it...The world lost an incomparable artist on that sad day, but gained a beautiful angel for eternity.
1901;9;No one is perfect, and we all have struggles.
1901;10;I loved her music so much that I played it over and over.
1902;1;"Such Great Heights" is certainly the album's peak, but "The District Sleeps Alone Tonight," "Sleeping In," "Nothing Better," "Recycled Air," "Clark Gable," "This Place is a Prison" and "Brand New Colony" make sure it's not alone...In an era when it's a treat to find an album with even three good songs on a CD that justify its purpose, it's a thrill to have back to back to back great songs...The strongest possible recommendation for this album.
1902;2;Gibbard's clear voice is a little sad, and contemplative, and is backed up in some songs by Jen Wood and Jenny Lewis...The lyrics are beautiful, romantic and heartfelt ("I am finally seeing/why I was the one worth leaving..."), often evoking a slightly otherworldly feeling, not tied in with the world as we know it.
1902;3;"Such Great Heights" is certainly the album's peak, but "The District Sleeps Alone Tonight," "Sleeping In," "Nothing Better," "Recycled Air," "Clark Gable," "This Place is a Prison" and "Brand New Colony" make sure it's not alone...In an era when it's a treat to find an album with even three good songs on a CD that justify its purpose, it's a thrill to have back to back to back great songs...The strongest possible recommendation for this album.
1902;4;Months have passed since I first discovered The Postal Service and I still love listening to them.
1902;5;That is exactly how I feel about The Postal Service's Give Up, an album that changed my life and my perception of what good music is, and what it could be...If you've read my musings before, you're undoubtedly aware of the story of how I first heard this album.
1902;6;I once listened to this CD all day while painting my home, it never gets old, it always seems fresh.
1902;7;I was 18, fresh out of high school, and Such Great Heights was on some commercial for a car or something...I'm 21 now, and I may not fully understand all of what Ben Gibbard and Jimmy Tamborello felt with all of this, but I understand my acceptance of this record and all that it gave to me.
1902;8;Gibbard's clear voice is a little sad, and contemplative, and is backed up in some songs by Jen Wood and Jenny Lewis...The lyrics are beautiful, romantic and heartfelt ("I am finally seeing/why I was the one worth leaving..."), often evoking a slightly otherworldly feeling, not tied in with the world as we know it.
1902;9;The entire album is fun to listen to - the songs aren't necessarily great musically, but they're all incredibly catchy which makes listening to it straight through pleasant and easy.
1902;10;The second song is even stronger -- the sparkling, upbeat "Such Great Heights," an adoring love song from a guy to his on-the-road girlfriend.
1903;1;Every Queen album is good and worth having.
1903;2;SHEER HEART ATTACK is a masterpiece of metal, pop-rock, and glam.
1903;3;Every Queen album is good and worth having.
1903;4;"Brighton Rock" is an incredible guitar workout (including multiple overdubbed guitar harmonies) but has enough signature and tempo changes to have done most prog bands proud.
1903;5;SHEER HEART ATTACK is a masterpiece of metal, pop-rock, and glam.
1903;6;Freddie's voice is magnificent, Brian May's guitar playing like nothing else and the ensemble playing mind-blowing...I have a huge soft spot for early Queen it must be said - not too keen on the later power pop stuff - and this album absolutely hits home.
1903;7;Very similar to I'm In Love With My Car, Taylor offers exceptional drums to go along with the raspy lyrical delivery.
1903;8;Great musicianship and wonderful lyrics twisted together in an extremely campy sound makes for a timeless classic
1903;9;"Bring Back That Leroy Brown" is a fun, 1920s kind of tune.
1903;10;I've always loved this song and its moodiness, its off-chord ending, and the way May sings it.
1888;1;Love it played it had fun with it and loved the songs always make me smile thanks for the songs
1888;2;Sounds of Silence is still great after 40 years.
1888;3;I like Simon & Garfunkel because they have good voice and also likes the Sounds Of Silence.
1888;4;Sounds of Silence is still great after 40 years.
1888;5;it may sound clich but this is a classic, Paul Simon is an excellent songwriter (and vocalist) and many times his songs are great to read as poems as well.
1888;6;But darnit, these are some *good songs* - "Kathy's Song" and "April Come She Will" remain achingly poignant after all these years, and the hurried tempo and bright harpsichord of "Leaves That Are Green" drive home its message of youth and loss memorably.
1888;7;Now I can take it in the car with me and enjoy it again!
1888;8;I also like the the lyrics, very thought provoking.
1888;9;Love it played it had fun with it and loved the songs always make me smile thanks for the songs
1888;10;Love it played it had fun with it and loved the songs always make me smile thanks for the songs
1889;1;Miller only recorded a few of these so you will not hear many of them on this album, but they do remind us that Miller was a very good songwriter.
1889;2;It's a solid collection that contains most of Miller's best known hits.
1889;3;Miller only recorded a few of these so you will not hear many of them on this album, but they do remind us that Miller was a very good songwriter.
1889;4;But at least this current release sports the excellent photo from the cover of Miller's 1969 self-titled album (the one with "Me and Bobby McGee").
1889;5;I was surprised to read that Miller wrote most of his own songs, and that he was a gifted fiddle player and guitarist.
1889;6;It's a solid collection that contains most of Miller's best known hits.
1889;7;It's a solid collection that contains most of Miller's best known hits.
1889;8;The classic Dang Me has a bouncy melody and wacky lyrics which actually make sense.
1889;9;All of Roger Miller's fun hits on one CD!!
1889;10;He sings about heartbreak and true love in "In the Summertime" and "Little Green Apples".
1890;1;every song is good new and refreshing...so happy she is one of the best, right up there with Adel, already for a new one from both artist....
1890;2;every song is good new and refreshing...so happy she is one of the best, right up there with Adel, already for a new one from both artist....
1890;3;every song is good new and refreshing...so happy she is one of the best, right up there with Adel, already for a new one from both artist....
1890;4;Some really good cardio workout songs.
1890;5;It's also pretty cool to read that she postponed her music career to study and get a degree in medicine so there are brains behind the face and voice.
1890;6;It was smooth and clean.
1890;7;That being said, I love the mix of "Next To Me" on the album because the driving drum beats they added amplify what was a good song into a great song...Emeli is a great writer and at her best with lyrics that can be interpreted depending on your experiences... "Daddy" especially strikes me as an ill-advised love story or story of chemical addiction, making it's point all the better because I'm not sure those are entirely different things.
1890;8;It was an added bonus that the CD included AutoRip
1890;9;Has kind of an African dance feel, definitely ethnic and infectious, and very uplifting...5: Mountains - Another touching song, about the power of a united couple facing life's challenges...6: Clown - Deeply introspective.
1890;10;Love the CD, & it was delivered timely more sooner than expected & was extremely happy.
1891;1;, but this is certainly one I am happy to listen to again and again.
1891;2;She has gotten a lot of negative press, but this album reveals that she is a talented musician.
1891;3;Asking For It: A slightly disturbing song... but nonetheless it's very good.
1891;4;Occasional malice, occasional softness, occasional feminism, it has eveything.
1891;5;By the way as I was reading through the reviews i saw one about the song "violet", the first (and one of the best) songs on this album.
1891;6;Occasional malice, occasional softness, occasional feminism, it has eveything.
1891;7;Occasional malice, occasional softness, occasional feminism, it has eveything.
1891;8;The lyrics are beautiful and you can really feel Courtney's emotion.7.
1891;9;"Olympia" is just pure rebellious fun...Courtney is coy and ruthless all at the same time.
1891;10;"He only loves those things because he loves to see them break....
1892;1;Fantastic stuff and worth the few extra quid...
1892;2;still one of the greatest r&r albums around.
1892;3;Forgot how good this music is - was!
1892;4;The newly remastered version also  restores about a minute or so of the original extended Walsh guitar  showcase that makes "The Bomber" such a memorable workout.
1892;5;still one of the greatest r&r albums around.
1892;6;still one of the greatest r&r albums around.
1892;7;still one of the greatest r&r albums around.
1892;8;"Tend My Garden" stands out for its delicate melodic  beauty and its tender lyrics.
1892;9;"Rides Again" went to many a party.
1892;10;And I love them all to bits.
1893;1;It's a fun song...Of course, as the band demonstrated on Contra, not all songs need to top 120 bpm to be good.
1893;2;The audio quality of the vinyl is excellent.
1893;3;On this album, Vampire Weekend captures some of the magic that made Animal Collective's Merriwether Post Pavilion so good -- the songs here are strange, eclectic, and progressive, but for all of its unfamiliar parts, everything is centered with great pop-centric melodies...Vampire Weekend's bread-and-butter has been their ability to take modern indie rock and fuse it with traditionally-African sounds.
1893;4;The audio quality of the vinyl is excellent.
1893;5;I read that the song is about god(ya hey = Yahweh) and it is just beautiful!
1893;6;The response was quickly and the product came safe to my home, it was a good buy.
1893;7;Listen to this song with good earphones or a nice car sound system to experience it the best!
1893;8;It's characterized by a soft melancholia that never overplays the emotion..."Diane Young" seems to be one of the early favorites on the record.
1893;9;Modern Vampires of the City is thoughtful, catchy, fun, weird, and well-crafted.
1893;10;Great lyrcs, beautiful, interesting music with a detached, cool and at the same time hot take on the world, love, relationships.
1894;1;`Creator' is very much along these lines of greatness, using fun and unique beats to stir excitement in the listener...Santi certainly delivers the explosion!
1894;2;Sure, there are a few albums that I've reviewed recently that I may prefer overall (V.V. Brown's debut album `Traveling Like the Light' is exceptionally perfect), this is one of the most interesting, experimental and admirable albums I've heard in a long time, and should prove to be a masterful jump off point for this extremely talented artist!
1894;3;this is a very good album, i did by this for my gf since she loves santogold now santigold, but after having her play this in the car and at our house, I am starting to become a huge fan!
1894;4;Great for the gym or just being creative.
1894;5;There is an insert that has all the lyrics and other bits on info that we all love reading through.
1894;6;this is a very good album, i did by this for my gf since she loves santogold now santigold, but after having her play this in the car and at our house, I am starting to become a huge fan!
1894;7;Sure, there are a few albums that I've reviewed recently that I may prefer overall (V.V. Brown's debut album `Traveling Like the Light' is exceptionally perfect), this is one of the most interesting, experimental and admirable albums I've heard in a long time, and should prove to be a masterful jump off point for this extremely talented artist!
1894;8;`Anne' puts all of the best Santogold has to offer on display, offering a subtle yet absorbing beat laced with enticing vocals and haunting lyrics...Not since Robyn's self titled mind-blow have I been this completely provoked by a particular album.
1894;9;`Creator' is very much along these lines of greatness, using fun and unique beats to stir excitement in the listener...Santi certainly delivers the explosion!
1894;10;I love the mellowed out vibe to `My Superman', an eerie chemistry with the sound coming through from every aching word.
1895;1;On top of that the sound quality was real good .
1895;2;But his spectacular moments are found on his stinging blues guitar in "How Blue Can You Get" and on a commanding guitar intro that breaks into his warm stage banter which breaks into "Please Accept My Love", in which his great blues voice (acapella) compels the audience to spellbound silence.
1895;3;On top of that the sound quality was real good .
1895;4;The greatest live record I've ever listened to!
1895;5;The greatest live record I've ever listened to!
1895;6;Some of the best Music  caugh live   & the recordings are very clean & crisp & to the point.
1895;7;The song "Midnight Rambler" is a good example, the studio version on the L.P. "Let It Bleed" is a stark, barren piece dominated by that sly old fox Jagger with his crafty vocal posing, in contrast the live version captured on Ya - Ya's is a heavy guitar - driven rocker that sends the audience berserk.
1895;8;The Stones have always been more about emotion than anything else and the performances of "Sympathy For The Devil", "Midnight Rambler", "Love In Vain" & "Stray Cat Blues" perfectly capture and convey all their raw emotion and intensity.
1895;9;At their best, B.B. and Ike and Tina exceed the bar of expectation in setting up the Stones' party...The original "Ya-Ya's" record (Disc 1) sounds better than ever.
1895;10;Great bluesy rock'n'roll, including the classics "Honkey Tonk Women"," Jumpin' Jack Flash", "Sympathy for the Devil", a couple of  nods to Chuck Berry ("Carol" & "Little  Queenie")....A "no-brainer."
1883;1;If you think Ten is their only good album, well I feel sorry for you...It has to be mentioned that PJ always gives you a quality CD package with lyrics, images and artwork.
1883;2;it sounded like the mix was different (in a bad way) for Ten and Vs. but when i dropped the needle and let THIS record play, i think i heard the best possible version of one of pearl jams greatest album.
1883;3;Mind your manners, Let the records play and sleeping by myself are also very good.
1883;4;If this album is anything like their previous releases, I'll freely admit I've been missing out...Eddie Vedder's voice is still strong and recognizable and he gives it a full workout on the cd.
1883;5;I listen to a lot of different stuff and don't focus on rock in particular, but I just love this cd and think there's good reason to expect to hear much more top notch stuff from this band.
1883;6;If you think Ten is their only good album, well I feel sorry for you...It has to be mentioned that PJ always gives you a quality CD package with lyrics, images and artwork.
1883;7;Pendulum's haunting, deliberate beat with Eddie's emotions traveling from side to side paints a vivid moving mental picture of indecisiveness...One full listen and I'm sold.
1883;8;If you think Ten is their only good album, well I feel sorry for you...It has to be mentioned that PJ always gives you a quality CD package with lyrics, images and artwork.
1883;9;If you think Ten is their only good album, well I feel sorry for you...It has to be mentioned that PJ always gives you a quality CD package with lyrics, images and artwork.
1883;10;Liked Backspacer but only loved 6-7 tracks.
1882;1;Every jazz fan needs to listen to this at a time when they can give themselves completely to the listening and through a good player and speakers.
1882;2;A year ago or so, I bought the CD, and thanks to better ears and maturity, it has occurred to me that this is one of Miles's greatest albums, and quite possibly his most beautiful, and certainly his best colloboration with Gil Evans.
1882;3;Every jazz fan needs to listen to this at a time when they can give themselves completely to the listening and through a good player and speakers.
1882;4;A year ago or so, I bought the CD, and thanks to better ears and maturity, it has occurred to me that this is one of Miles's greatest albums, and quite possibly his most beautiful, and certainly his best colloboration with Gil Evans.
1882;5;And Davis's trumpet is clear and focused.
1882;6;But as I listened to this SACD version of this album in my friend's house I realize that the sound produced by SACD is remarkably better than the conventional CD.
1882;7;A year ago or so, I bought the CD, and thanks to better ears and maturity, it has occurred to me that this is one of Miles's greatest albums, and quite possibly his most beautiful, and certainly his best colloboration with Gil Evans.
1882;8;Concierto de Aranjuez is a perfect beginning to this  journey of emotion and color of sound.
1882;9;The  lush orchestration is juxtaposed with Miles' sublime playing bringing out the desperation in the music, the laughter, and the folk dance nature - all at appropriate times.
1882;10;Even if you're not really a fan of jazz in general or of Miles in particular but love the Concierto di Aranjuaz or the music of Spain, consider making an exception and adding it to your collection.
1881;1;Great cd buy this good music!
1881;2;neicy's voice makes me thank God that he created women still she was one of my favorite female singers gonna take a miracle is still fresh to this day and free the ever loving classic man neicy be singing her behind off and one of the best singers this world produced too bad this stuff is illegal now.
1881;3;Great cd buy this good music!
1881;4;Denise has an angel's voice, sweet but strong.
1881;5;I've read a lot of great reviews on Ms. Williams over the years, so I'll keep mine short but sweet.
1881;6;Denise has an angel's voice, sweet but strong.
1881;7;Denise has an angel's voice, sweet but strong.
1881;8;neicy's voice makes me thank God that he created women still she was one of my favorite female singers gonna take a miracle is still fresh to this day and free the ever loving classic man neicy be singing her behind off and one of the best singers this world produced too bad this stuff is illegal now.
1881;9;Denise has an angel's voice, sweet but strong.
1881;10;I just love this CD .
1880;1;I highly recommend this album to anyone who enjoys heavy metal that actually is done with emotion and talent, or even to any non metal fan who happens to be a patriot.
1880;2;It's not a bad heavy metal song (it`s somewhat similar to "I Died For You), it's got a blazing solo, but it just doesn't click with me unless I happen to be in a melancholic mood...Of course, Richard Christy proves himself to be one of the most coherent and best drummers in the metal world on songs such as "The Reckoning", "Greenface", and "Red Baron/Blue Max".
1880;3;.8- Hollowman (7/10): I still can't figure what this song is about, but it has a good sound to it.
1880;4;The song ends with a climactic drum beat which leads into Day 3.
1880;5;I have been to Gettysburg myself, it is a breathtaking sight and I can understand how it could inspire someone to write about it
1880;6;the reoccouring themes(dixie, when johnny comes marching home) added a nice touch.
1880;7;Anyone can stick a magnet on their car - now let's see them all DO something.
1880;8;Hold At All Costs - Great lyrics on the intro, sad tho, great song with fast guitars, 10/10.3.
1880;9;The song ends with a climactic drum beat which leads into Day 3.
1880;10;Couple years after it was released, I came back to it and found something to love.
1887;1;They are good solid work by a comic who has that knack all great comics have - that of showing the public themselves in the mirror, making fun of them, and still having them love you...But for me this is the classic LP that the world famed comic ever produced.
1887;2;We enjoy our entertainment hopefully without worry of perpetrating malfeasance or injustice in the world.
1887;3;His bit about sharing a bed with his brother, and getting into trouble for goofing off and fighting, instead of going to sleep is one of the funniest things I've ever heard.
1887;4;We enjoy our entertainment hopefully without worry of perpetrating malfeasance or injustice in the world.
1887;5;We enjoy our entertainment hopefully without worry of perpetrating malfeasance or injustice in the world.
1887;6;I choose to believe these albums were made during Bill Cosby's highest commitment to his art and to his audience, they certainly reflect that and each of these is a gem from start to finish with the greatest comedic observances you could find in "clean" comedy before the rise of the shock-comic who felt a need to swear with every sentence.
1887;7;Pick this up for a good laugh, or for a long road trip.
1887;8;We enjoy our entertainment hopefully without worry of perpetrating malfeasance or injustice in the world.
1887;9;They are good solid work by a comic who has that knack all great comics have - that of showing the public themselves in the mirror, making fun of them, and still having them love you...But for me this is the classic LP that the world famed comic ever produced.
1887;10;THE APPLE is one of Cosby's few Adam & Eve routines that many of his religious fans loved.
1886;1;I really like that cd, it is different from the first one that I think was better than this one, but all songs are good and I enjoy them.
1886;2;The musicians and production are, as usual, top notch...My favorites: Ship To Wreck (this is the one you hear most of)
1886;3;The really good songs sound ( queen of peace the title )track sound  like musical scores.
1886;4;She is 9.5 on the cool scale.
1886;5;Yes, the focus is on Florence, and she's great, but the entire band is top-notch...If you listen to the radio (including satellite), you may figure that most of what they play these days is crap.
1886;6;She is 9.5 on the cool scale.
1886;7;It concludes the journey that began last year with the car crash in "What kind of man", with Florence eventually finding solace on the stage on this last video.
1886;8;You can see how all this is great fodder for an album, and why it demanded literal, personal lyrics...Okay.
1886;9;She is 9.5 on the cool scale.
1886;10;I can't really say how much I loved this album since this would take me a lot of time but, I must say that songs like "Ship to wreck", "What kind of man" are the couple of songs I felt in love with since the first time I listened to them.
1885;1;The melodious singing melodies are there (unlike much of Rush's later stuff which seems to really lack good singing melodies), the great drumming, bass playing,  and wonderful guitar playing along with some nice keyboard parts all add up  to make a fantastic recording (except for Tai Shan which I don't much care  for).
1885;2;And yet, it is worth mentioning that there is not a single bad track to be found on Hold Your Fire, it is a very complete sounding piece of work.
1885;3;"Second Nature" and "Prime Mover" are good as well.
1885;4;They took their progressive style that Rush has sported since the beginning and fused it with keyboards, to create albums with a very thematic, massive soundscape feel.
1885;5;I read once that there is a version of Mission Rush recorded with Peter Collins that features a brass band, I really hope they release that version one day...Time Stand Still is another standout track, warm and quietly haunting, with some beautiful backing vocals from Aimee Man that fit the mood of the song perfectly.
1885;6;The clean, hypnotic sounds of this album haunted me when I first heard them, and continue to do so to this day.
1885;7;The driving passion of Mission is amazing, Turn the Page is truly an incredible song I just couldn't help smiling all the way through it - the lyrics are so true yet so simple.
1885;8;There are parts of Hold Your Fire that trigger some very deep and real emotions for me personally.
1885;9;TURN THE PAGE is a lot of fun, with a good, fast rhythm.
1885;10;I love mid-eighties period Rush!
1884;1;....Fans of "Enema of the State," if you thought "Enema" was good you will be very happy with this one.
1884;2;And not only there is no bad song, every song is absolutely great!
1884;3;The CD definately is good but just keep in mind if its some real punk your looking for go with an older album otherwise this ones great.
1884;4;The CD definately is good but just keep in mind if its some real punk your looking for go with an older album otherwise this ones great.
1884;5;I remember reading a interview with Blink and they said it is their hardest CD yet.
1884;6;If you must, get the clean version, but the unedited is a lot better.
1884;7;The CD definately is good but just keep in mind if its some real punk your looking for go with an older album otherwise this ones great.
1884;8;"Take off..." really satisfied me with it's great variety of songs and lyrics.
1884;9;Still the guys have grown no longer running in naked they have some serious songs on the album but most are still fun like the Blink 182 we've come to know and love.
1884;10;Still the guys have grown no longer running in naked they have some serious songs on the album but most are still fun like the Blink 182 we've come to know and love.
1875;1;My personal favorite on the album is the band's cover of Elmore James' "Shake Your Moneymaker", which is a great deal different than the original, but in a good way.
1875;2;The 2 bandleaders play tasteful harp and both sing  the songs with pain in their voices that honestly reveals their love of the blues and the respect they have for blues the way it should be heard.
1875;3;My personal favorite on the album is the band's cover of Elmore James' "Shake Your Moneymaker", which is a great deal different than the original, but in a good way.
1875;4;I got the digital remaster from the UK along with East-West, and I have no regrets.
1875;5;The biography of Michael Bloomfield 'If you love these blues' details facinating aspects of this blues band and is well worth the read.
1875;6;I got the digital remaster from the UK along with East-West, and I have no regrets.
1875;7;There's a great mix of music too : raukous driving numbers and down-tempo blues as well.
1875;8;Great voice, lyrics and melodies!
1875;9;Every track on this album is fun, full of energy and masterfully played.
1875;10;Mike bloomfield elvin bishop two great blues musicians or guitar players anyways what a great blues album blues with a feeling is my favorite song they do a good job on elmore james shake your money maker this is 5 stars and if you love the blues buy this and east and west i rate them both 5 stars great blues tracks and mike bloomfield is one of the best blues musicians ever he plays from the heart
1874;1;"Don't Go Away Mad (Just Go Away)":  This may be the best-written song these guys ever recorded...it takes on the guise of a serious tune until the chorus kicks in...everyone's playing is as solid as it's ever been...fun song, always makes me feel good.
1874;2;Its easy to believe how this album went 6x Platinum, considering every song wants you to get off your behind and start foot stomping and headbanging, which id have to note, driving while listening to this album can possibly be a bad idea (especially when listening to Kickstart my Heart) She Goes Down, Rattlesnake Shake, Sticky Sweet and the solo from Time for Change are great unknown songs from the album that i would recommend everyone to listen to.
1874;3;brings me back to the good ol days when i was young quick service and delvery thanks will buy from again.
1874;4;Dr. Feelgood is simply one of the best songs that has ever come, period.
1874;5;Dr. Feelgood is simply one of the best songs that has ever come, period.
1874;6;The band cleaned up their act, got straight and put out their best album yet.
1874;7;I listen to this alot in my car and I enjoy it.
1874;8;Nikki Sixx did a lot of good bass work and wrote great lyrics as always.
1874;9;This album captures Motley at their peak and proves that while they didn't have the same hard and dark edge that they had with their first two albums, they could still make great and really fun hard rock party anthems.
1874;10;A song about Vince Neil's love of Indy racing.
1873;1;I think you will be happy with either the cd or dvd.
1873;2;What a talented bunch of performers they are...
1873;3;this group has proven themselves over and over again  it doesn't matter if its irish, contemporary, pop rock, they are that good  everything they sing is very enjoyable, entertaining and they put  their unique spin on all they do.
1873;4;What a talented bunch of performers they are...
1873;5;What a talented bunch of performers they are...
1873;6;What a talented bunch of performers they are...
1873;7;What a talented bunch of performers they are...
1873;8;I love the music, their energy, their emotions, and their wonderful personalities.
1873;9;Makes one want to get up and dance, clap your hands and stomp your feet!
1873;10;Love that I can get a CD, and.also have it on my Kindle
1872;1;The songs concern serious issues and are still good music.
1872;2;The singleness of every one of them and the perfect vocal and harmonic balance singing Judy blue eyes, Our house, Carry on, Southern man plus the impressive domain of their twelve strings guitars, conferred for them the fabulous adjective of constitute the American response to the Beatles during their very brief existence...Stephen Stills, Graham Nash, David Crosby and Neil Young illuminated with high voltage and best spirits the stage on that evening of August 1969.
1872;3;The songs concern serious issues and are still good music.
1872;4;Sgt. Pepper further exemplified that generation.
1872;5;Sgt. Pepper further exemplified that generation.
1872;6;I like to compare it to a big, grand house, with all the fine trimming and lots of rooms, some bigger than others, with a fine entryway, and a long driveway, ending with a huge driveway.
1872;7;I love them and wanted the CD for the car.
1872;8;Beautiful lyrics bring back the old days.
1872;9;Most of the "hits" are here (yeah, you can cry about certain favorites being left off, but this is a live show, not a greatest hits package) and there are also some fun surprises such as "King Midas in Reverse" (a tune Graham Nash did with the Hollies").
1872;10;But I deeply love this recording and think it's an excellent live document of a great band in its prime.
1879;1;Great Music makes good listening!
1879;2;His guitar tells a story of sadness, pain, renewal & ultimate joy.
1879;3;Great Music makes good listening!
1879;4;It really showcases the musical talent of this band.
1879;5;And the early 1970's was just the time to do it too because while plenty of the free spirited 60's creative ideal was still in mass consciousness,but there was a new kind of focus in the air.
1879;6;It really showcases the musical talent of this band.
1879;7;It really showcases the musical talent of this band.
1879;8;It's amazing how much emotion he pulls out of it, and the huge variety of feelings he expresses just with is guitar.
1879;9;This CD brought back fun memories!
1879;10;A step outside of their norm, and I love it.
1878;1;This important record is a testament to the power of good taste.
1878;2;`Cherish the Life', `Feel no Pain' and `Kiss of Life' were the other three single releases, each a minor but enduring masterpiece...Sade's music has a kind of classic status because it never seems to age
1878;3;This important record is a testament to the power of good taste.
1878;4;This important record is a testament to the power of good taste.
1878;5;This important record is a testament to the power of good taste.
1878;6;This important record is a testament to the power of good taste.
1878;7;This important record is a testament to the power of good taste.
1878;8;Her lyrics are simple and yet so intricate and telling one cannot help but relate to the emotion and humanity they contain.
1878;9;This important record is a testament to the power of good taste.
1878;10;Songs like no ordinary love, i couldn't love you more, kiss of life and cherish the day are romantic jewels that are a pleasure to listen to.
1877;1;"Gone With The Wind" is very good, and I don't think that there's anything really left to say about "One For My Baby," as it has gotten more than enough praise from Sinatraphiles around the world...The two bonus tracks are excellent.
1877;2;Its sad, but often sad music when you are sad makes you feel better.
1877;3;This is what I recommend: forget about all the stuff you have heard both good and bad about Frank Sinatra over the years and listen to how he does these songs.
1877;4;Then the auditorium darkens and the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion transforms into an intimate and very lonely place.
1877;5;From the haunting melody of "Only the Lonely" (written expressly for Sinatra by Jimmy van Heusen and Sammy Cahn) to Arlen and Mercer's magnificent "Blues in the Night" and "One for My Baby (and One More for the Road)," Ronnell's "Willow, Weep for Me," and Rodgers and Hart's "Spring Is Here," Sinatra, his voice creamy and focused, his pitch and rhythm perfect, sustains an unbroken mood of intimate melancholy.
1877;6;Everything about this screams class - the opening salvo of double-bass and lone voice as he sings "...my mama done told me...a woman will give you the big eye...but when the sweet talk is done...she'll leave you to sing..." Even prettier is the acoustic guitar on "Guess I'll Hang My Tears Out To Dry" - so sweet too as the strings carry it home.
1877;7;Then the auditorium darkens and the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion transforms into an intimate and very lonely place.
1877;8;Its sad, but often sad music when you are sad makes you feel better.
1877;9;They perform their hearts outsing and dance up a storm.
1877;10;For 50 years this album has traditionally helped me overcome the breakup with a number of girlfriends...Timeless, eh, either you love Sinatra or you've never heard him sing!
1876;1;Yes, everything you've heard about this album is true: it's beautiful, it's ugly, it's disturbing, it's fun, it's wholly original.
1876;2;The raw sound is not a negative, it actually adds to the overall affect, a good example is "Something Against You", the grungy, static sounds only add to the psychotic feeling the songs create.
1876;3;That is one of the best songs on the album, but it's not the only good song on the album.
1876;4;"Bone Machine" is a great, strange opener, "Something Against You" is a hardcore punk workout, and "Broken Face" is a twisted, energetic track.
1876;5;I read somewhere in these reviews somebody said this was one of the most fun and memorable first listens of an album he's had in a long time, I will second that.
1876;6;I was hooked years ago after hearing one song.
1876;7;I was hooked years ago after hearing one song.
1876;8;I love the howling lyrics in "where is my mind?"
1876;9;Yes, everything you've heard about this album is true: it's beautiful, it's ugly, it's disturbing, it's fun, it's wholly original.
1876;10;"Gigantic", which sports one of the best bass/guitar riffs *ever*, is obsessed not even with lust or sex, but with Kim Deal's swaggering celebration of her boyfriend's, ahem, "big big love".
1866;1;The others are good listenin' too.
1866;2;The song Immune has audio clips from a movie called No Escape, which was really bad but it fits the song rather well.
1866;3;The others are good listenin' too.
1866;4;He shows that he's a top notch drummer.
1866;5;He shows that he's a top notch drummer.
1866;6;He shows that he's a top notch drummer.
1866;7;It starts with a really rad intro before thrusting into another killer, straight forward, hard-driving rocker that boasts more excellent, hard-driving riffing, great bass lines and driving drum beats, plus sinister vocals and a very aggressive chorus that is also very catchy, and the song is also topped off with an awesome guitar solo by Tony as well.
1866;8;The song Immune has audio clips from a movie called No Escape, which was really bad but it fits the song rather well.
1866;9;He shows that he's a top notch drummer.
1866;10;This is one of the best albums that has came out in the last couple of years.
1867;1;This a very good collection from a guy with many great albums, and many important, fantastic songs, tunes and riffs.
1867;2;Greatest Hits shows off Lenny's tremendous skills as a musician and vocalist.
1867;3;For diehards, it's a great collection to take on a plane ride or put in the car when you want a good Lenny mix.
1867;4;Greatest Hits shows off Lenny's tremendous skills as a musician and vocalist.
1867;5;i respect Lenny kravitz for his focus on creating music.but his albums overall can be hit&Miss.
1867;6;They played all weekend, and in the car on my way home again, and I listened to them many, many times in the years since.
1867;7;For diehards, it's a great collection to take on a plane ride or put in the car when you want a good Lenny mix.
1867;8;What a talented guy, great tunes, great lyrics.
1867;9;From the ambitious days of "Let Love Rule" when the press had fun calling him Mr. Lisa Bonet to the more nitty-gritty,modern.feel of his more recent work("5" and "Lenny"),Lenny's grown.and this excellent greatest hits collection-which gathers together his most well-known and/or best singles-documents it consistenly.
1867;10;The message was of importance, it was love and acceptance.
1864;1;It's still a good song, but not as good as the rest of the album...`Jolene' is a much softer track, and in its subtle and almost dark musical atmosphere Ray's gruff vocals truly elevate the mood of the song.
1864;2;Too bad not many people know about Ray LaMontagne
1864;3;It's still a good song, but not as good as the rest of the album...`Jolene' is a much softer track, and in its subtle and almost dark musical atmosphere Ray's gruff vocals truly elevate the mood of the song.
1864;4;He sort of reminded me of Amos Lee.
1864;5;He sort of reminded me of Amos Lee.
1864;6;Saw him on Austin City Limits and he's just a nice humble guy or at least acts like one...You can play this music at work without offending anyone and at home you can crank it up and enjoy the excellent musicianship.
1864;7;I listen to it in the car on the way home, then it sat for a few weeks.
1864;8;Ray LaMontagne's lyrics are poetically beautiful, his voice exhibits raw emotion, and the songs are soulful.
1864;9;I've yet to put this CD on and hear anyone complain...With the holidays coming up, this CD is a great gift idea (and good background music at parties!)
1864;10;The musical opening to the song gives the impression of something epic, something grandiose and important, and Ray's ghostly delivery helps keep the song strong and mysterious...So, from start to finish `Trouble' is an album to love and adore, one to relish and admire for Ray LaMontagne has beautifully captured his spirit, his soul and delivered to us a raw and revealing look at what true talent can accomplish.
1865;1;I like Luke Bryan so I really enjoy his music
1865;2;This is a great value even if for non fans.
1865;3;Wish I liked all the songs as much as Kick the Dust up, but good CD and received quickly.
1865;4;This is a great value even if for non fans.
1865;5;This is a great value even if for non fans.
1865;6;We were driving through Tennessee and he came on the radio signing "Hunting, Fishing, Loving every day..." and we laughed about how the radio matches the lifestyle of wherever you are - but it was so catchy that bet the time we got home, I had placed an order and now we find ourselves singing along to all the songs on this CD.
1865;7;We were driving through Tennessee and he came on the radio signing "Hunting, Fishing, Loving every day..." and we laughed about how the radio matches the lifestyle of wherever you are - but it was so catchy that bet the time we got home, I had placed an order and now we find ourselves singing along to all the songs on this CD.
1865;8;This is a great value even if for non fans.
1865;9;So many great songs that make me want to dance.
1865;10;I love this cd and I love Luke Bryan music.
1870;1;"Don't Go Away Mad (Just Go Away)":  This may be the best-written song these guys ever recorded...it takes on the guise of a serious tune until the chorus kicks in...everyone's playing is as solid as it's ever been...fun song, always makes me feel good.
1870;2;Its easy to believe how this album went 6x Platinum, considering every song wants you to get off your behind and start foot stomping and headbanging, which id have to note, driving while listening to this album can possibly be a bad idea (especially when listening to Kickstart my Heart) She Goes Down, Rattlesnake Shake, Sticky Sweet and the solo from Time for Change are great unknown songs from the album that i would recommend everyone to listen to.
1870;3;The unreleased material is good also.
1870;4;This is a hard rock masterpiece.
1870;5;This is a hard rock masterpiece.
1870;6;The band cleaned up their act, got straight and put out their best album yet.
1870;7;Its easy to believe how this album went 6x Platinum, considering every song wants you to get off your behind and start foot stomping and headbanging, which id have to note, driving while listening to this album can possibly be a bad idea (especially when listening to Kickstart my Heart) She Goes Down, Rattlesnake Shake, Sticky Sweet and the solo from Time for Change are great unknown songs from the album that i would recommend everyone to listen to.
1870;8;Dr. Feelgood-The infamous title track, features an excellent Tommy Lee back beat, clever lyrics.
1870;9;This album captures Motley at their peak and proves that while they didn't have the same hard and dark edge that they had with their first two albums, they could still make great and really fun hard rock party anthems.
1870;10;I remember when this one came out back in '89, and I've loved it ever since.
1871;1;Then he said 'Choirgirl is her best, very soulful', I agree Choirgirl was very good, but Boys For Pele was the one I enjoyed more.
1871;2;"Putting The Damage On" is definitely an album highlight as many fans agree, and a song about the sad break up of a relationship and how Tori still thinks he looks so pretty when he's putting the damage on.
1871;3;A good ending for such a moving album.
1871;4;Her piano compositions and accompanying vocals are sometimes very elegant, astonishingly melodic and from time to time she instinctively rebels against this conventional melody-making just to jerk us around a bit.
1871;5;Her piano compositions and accompanying vocals are sometimes very elegant, astonishingly melodic and from time to time she instinctively rebels against this conventional melody-making just to jerk us around a bit.
1871;6;Her piano compositions and accompanying vocals are sometimes very elegant, astonishingly melodic and from time to time she instinctively rebels against this conventional melody-making just to jerk us around a bit.
1871;7;will have undergone an unforgettable trip...Some will hate it, some will love it.
1871;8;Boys For Pele, an album full of emotion, soul, brave lyrics and odd musical arrangements.
1871;9;'In The Springtime of his Voodoo' is fun to listen to, it's upbeat and extremely different.
1871;10;Tori Amos has become my favourite female performer, she's the most talented woman on this planet and I've loved everything she's done.
1868;1;Arrived quickly and as advertised, very happy with this purchase
1868;2;I love every song, but Richard can really touch your heart with his beautiful ballads.
1868;3;Listening to this man's music puts me into feeling so good about myself & listening to a great voice that i can't help but, some tracks i can't help but, to listen to it again & again.
1868;4;I love every song, but Richard can really touch your heart with his beautiful ballads.
1868;5;Upon reading this information, it becomes quite clear that Richard Marx is truly a wonderful human being.
1868;6;If you are into slower music, this is a very nice album to take home and listen.
1868;7;It's nice to have this CD in the car for those long road trips.
1868;8;There is so much heartfelt emotion in this CD.
1868;9;Overall, a fun trip down memory lane for 80s music enthusiasts
1868;10;This cd is truely wonderful and if you like the whole romantic pop song sound you will deffinately love this cd.
1869;1;If you enjoy rock with good lyrical themes, then you'll like this for sure!
1869;2;Still, it's a cool DVD and it's not bad for an added bonus!
1869;3;Scott Stapp's voice is very distinct which is good if you are going to be sucessful.
1869;4;soars and rushes forward while "Higher" is still an uplifting anthem with Tremonti sporting some riffing in the classic style.
1869;5;Now offer up some legit criticism of the disc (ok, it's not complete from all years of their stuff - did you read the song list) or shut your pie hole and let honest reviews with honest ratings prevail.
1869;6;Scott Stapp should bottle his sweat and sell it as a holy healing ointment.
1869;7;Scott Stapp should bottle his sweat and sell it as a holy healing ointment.
1869;8;The lyrics and the vibe of these songs are just amazing.
1869;9;And there are a couple of live performance vidoes, and those are always fun to watch.
1869;10;I enjoyed how they put in the songs from all three of their cd's and it didn't seem like they were discriminating from the albums although I wish they put a couple of other songs from Human Clay and Weathered on to it it was a great cd and I enjoy it immensely.
1858;1;"Origin of Symmetry" by Muse took me a few listens to see how fun and experimental this album really is.
1858;2;"Everything about you pains my envying/Your soul can't hate anything/Give me...all the peace and joy in your mind.
1858;3;Next is the cheeky cover 'Feeling Good'.
1858;4;"Hyper Music" is snarky and lively.
1858;5;And the songwriting is also pretty solid, often focusing on betrayal and a lover who "was so beautiful."
1858;6;"Hyper Music" is snarky and lively.
1858;7;The cover "Feeling Good" is a refreshing trip into a theatrical classic.
1858;8;Muse creates a truly artistic and unique alternative sound in this album, their second, and gives the listener a satisfying musical experience as well as the usual thought provoking taste in regard to their lyrics.
1858;9;plug in baby is a great song, the quality riff throughout makes it a good party song and one to shut up all your pop n dance loving mates.
1858;10;My daughter loves the group!
1859;1;After listening to, "Growing Old", you will never think the same of rap again...and thats good.
1859;2;They rap about deep philosophical things, like how the world is sad, and on what could very well be the greatest song I've ever heard,"Growing Old", Big Boi and Andre play a piano with some techno music and a sultry women's voice.
1859;3;After listening to, "Growing Old", you will never think the same of rap again...and thats good.
1859;4;To sum this review up: Outkast has made a masterpiece that you will never forget.
1859;5;With ATLiens, Outkast decided to move away from the southern pimp style of their debut, and focus more on their lyrical ability.
1859;6;my dad wanted this cd and it arrived fast and nice n clean.
1859;7;I drove to Best Buy and picked up the album and inserted it right in my cars CD player.
1859;8;They rap about deep philosophical things, like how the world is sad, and on what could very well be the greatest song I've ever heard,"Growing Old", Big Boi and Andre play a piano with some techno music and a sultry women's voice.
1859;9;And "ATLiens" is also eerie but will definetly get the party started.
1859;10;The name itself makes the song look good and I ESPECIALLY love the intro where the man speaks truthfully and fully...Best moments= Jazzy Belle, E.T. and 13th Floor/Growing Old
1856;1;Found item easily on Amazon, item works as expected, good price good item very happy.
1856;2;I loved the last Raheem Devaughn album, and I'm loving this one just as much...maybe more.
1856;3;You've got to first be good and second, please try to at least show some originality.
1856;4;I loved the last Raheem Devaughn album, and I'm loving this one just as much...maybe more.
1856;5;I loved the last Raheem Devaughn album, and I'm loving this one just as much...maybe more.
1856;6;I loved the last Raheem Devaughn album, and I'm loving this one just as much...maybe more.
1856;7;I loved the last Raheem Devaughn album, and I'm loving this one just as much...maybe more.
1856;8;The lyrics...the voice...the music will leave you refreshed, revitalized and you will definitely get plenty of head-bobbing.
1856;9;If he wants you to dance, the song will be so compelling that you'll dance no matter where you are, like on "Friday".
1856;10;I love this CD so much I had to send a copy to my boyfriend overseas.
1857;1;I like this album a lot there are good songs like Body it is upbeat and a dance song :) I also like Torture it is very good includes a lot of MJ vocals which I love!
1857;2;Sad to say that this is the final album to feature Michael as the lead singer.
1857;3;I like this album a lot there are good songs like Body it is upbeat and a dance song :) I also like Torture it is very good includes a lot of MJ vocals which I love!
1857;4;I like this album a lot there are good songs like Body it is upbeat and a dance song :) I also like Torture it is very good includes a lot of MJ vocals which I love!
1857;5;I like this album a lot there are good songs like Body it is upbeat and a dance song :) I also like Torture it is very good includes a lot of MJ vocals which I love!
1857;6;I like this album a lot there are good songs like Body it is upbeat and a dance song :) I also like Torture it is very good includes a lot of MJ vocals which I love!
1857;7;I like this album a lot there are good songs like Body it is upbeat and a dance song :) I also like Torture it is very good includes a lot of MJ vocals which I love!
1857;8;Lyrics are included and this album was the finest of the Japanese 2009 Jacksons' releases.
1857;9;I like this album a lot there are good songs like Body it is upbeat and a dance song :) I also like Torture it is very good includes a lot of MJ vocals which I love!
1857;10;I like this album a lot there are good songs like Body it is upbeat and a dance song :) I also like Torture it is very good includes a lot of MJ vocals which I love!
1862;1;I have to admit I enjoy the memories that certain songs give me.
1862;2;As far as the absolute sound of the finished product, maybe that's true.
1862;3;Good album selection and sound!!!
1862;4;As far as the absolute sound of the finished product, maybe that's true.
1862;5;it may sound clich but this is a classic, Paul Simon is an excellent songwriter (and vocalist) and many times his songs are great to read as poems as well.
1862;6;But darnit, these are some *good songs* - "Kathy's Song" and "April Come She Will" remain achingly poignant after all these years, and the hurried tempo and bright harpsichord of "Leaves That Are Green" drive home its message of youth and loss memorably.
1862;7;Now I can take it in the car with me and enjoy it again!
1862;8;I also like the the lyrics, very thought provoking.
1862;9;Love it played it had fun with it and loved the songs always make me smile thanks for the songs
1862;10;I loved their sound the first time I ever heard them.
1863;1;They enjoyed it, it's not my style of music as an adult, however, it made her happy therefore me too.
1863;2;Sad they won't perform anymore, but thankful they created  so much music for us to enjoy.
1863;3;The songs on this CD are so good.
1863;4;Easily worth 10 times the price.
1863;5;Easily worth 10 times the price.
1863;6;I can not help but put it up way high and jamming to it in the car and at home.
1863;7;Great audio quality and it took me on  a trip back in time that I thoroughly enjoyed.
1863;8;Sad they won't perform anymore, but thankful they created  so much music for us to enjoy.
1863;9;Singing along with these guys is so much fun.
1863;10;We've always loved these boys
1860;1;please, if you haven't already, buy this album to enjoy life to it's fullest extent.
1860;2;By turns strange and fierce("Meeting of the Spirits", "Vital Transformation", "Awakening"), slow and soothing("Lotus on Irish Streams", "Dawn", "You Know You Know"), or just plain out there(Dance of Maya), there's lots of variety and not a bad track on here...Throughout the album, John McLaughlin simply shines.
1860;3;It's great to write to, relax to, listen to on headphones, read to, make love to... pretty much everything BUT party to.
1860;4;Nobody has done anything as boldly original and exciting since that era.
1860;5;It's great to write to, relax to, listen to on headphones, read to, make love to... pretty much everything BUT party to.
1860;6;His wild and uninhibited playing contrasted vividly with his clean cut appearance.
1860;7;Just listening to these licks practically makes me trip.
1860;8;By turns strange and fierce("Meeting of the Spirits", "Vital Transformation", "Awakening"), slow and soothing("Lotus on Irish Streams", "Dawn", "You Know You Know"), or just plain out there(Dance of Maya), there's lots of variety and not a bad track on here...Throughout the album, John McLaughlin simply shines.
1860;9;It's great to write to, relax to, listen to on headphones, read to, make love to... pretty much everything BUT party to.
1860;10;All in all, I think this is their best, and one of THE best of their genre
1861;1;The countless amount of awards and critical accolades proves their continual hard work and dedication to making music that's just out there - not any particular genre, just good fun solid music that's bold and direct to the point.
1861;2;It is one of the best songs ever about the breakup of a romantic relationship and the pain it causes.
1861;3;This is a good album.
1861;4;This is a good album.
1861;5;While Gwen has received most of the focus, the whole band is incredible and indispensable...This is truly a stellar collection that entertains from beginning to end.
1861;6;This is a good album.
1861;7;Hey Baby drove its way into the public's subconscious as 2002 dawned and became a huge hit worldwide.
1861;8;She sings her highly personal lyrics with intense heart and soul.
1861;9;They are very fun to dance to...I love it when No Doubt combines elements of reggae to their music especially on the hit tracks Underneath it All and Spiderwebs.
1861;10;I love the romantic hit song Running.
1853;1;Phil does a surprisingly good job taking over the microphone, Steve Hackett's magic guitar gives the right atmosphere and Tony, well, is just Mr. Cool on keyboards.
1853;2;Now for the bad news....This was the last great Genesis album.
1853;3;Buy the new mastered version of Second's Out, put on a good pair of headphones, relax and put on Supper's Ready.
1853;4;Seconds Out is arguably (and still to this day IMHO) the band's best live album, and is also one of my Top 5 live rock albums ever made.
1853;5;Ok if you are reading this you are not asking or looking to gain insight as to wether this is a great LP...Here is what you may want to know: Vinyl is clean and clear.
1853;6;Ok if you are reading this you are not asking or looking to gain insight as to wether this is a great LP...Here is what you may want to know: Vinyl is clean and clear.
1853;7;Sure, it was recorded after Peter Gabriel left the group, but Phil Collins does a fine of handling the vocals...The energy is palpable as the crowd's enthusiasm drives the band to an impassioned performance of many of Genesis's masterpieces.
1853;8;And the girls love it too...This is amazingly profound music, even if some of the lyrics may be a little whimsical at times.
1853;9;(Interested parties should check out Thompson's previous work with Zappa and the Mothers!)
1853;10;To me this album is genesis dark side of the moon.it was a greatest hits cd or album before they had hits if you know what i mean.i got my cd with the the boxed set and it sounds great i love genesis this a must own for all genesis fans.
1852;1;In this very intimate setting, Stevie, Whipper, and Tommy play a fantastic set, a type of performance that Stevie always gave.
1852;2;Better than the Austin City Limits compilation, SRV is absolutely smokin' on this.
1852;3;The camera work captures his heart and soul in his playing and the sound quality of the recording is quite good.
1852;4;It was small intimate place and SRV must have made it sound deafening...The first 40 minutes are about as good a rocking time as you ask for, and it makes a great workout video if you're on an aerobics machine.
1852;5;Better than the Austin City Limits compilation, SRV is absolutely smokin' on this.
1852;6;Good live uncut early performance which really cooks.
1852;7;Better than the Austin City Limits compilation, SRV is absolutely smokin' on this.
1852;8;The boundless energy, emotion and passion that Stevie put into his performance is nothing short of incredible...this man had hands that were touched by God!
1852;9;Better than the Austin City Limits compilation, SRV is absolutely smokin' on this.
1852;10;For non-guitar players, I can assure you that the combination of big strings coupled with high action takes alot of hand strength to coax the sounds you want out of your guitar...Watching this "psychedelic cowboy" that evening, it was like watching the reincarnation of Jimi Hendrix.
1855;1;There are fun songs and beautiful ballads paired with Celine's fantastic and unreal voice.
1855;2;There's nothing bad to say about Celine, because she's got the voice of an angel.
1855;3;This isn't a bad thing, however, as this is the kind of song that one desires to relax to - not to be distracted by epic vocals..."I Love You" is a great mid-tempo song.
1855;4;Her voice is beyond incredible!!!
1855;5;From then on, I became a Celine fan, and I can say that 'Falling Into You' is her most definitive work--focused, poised, powerful and solid.
1855;6;As always,  the production is big and very, very clean, almost perfect, somewhat of a  trademark in her recordings.
1855;7;Her voice is beyond incredible!!!
1855;8;There's nothing bad to say about Celine, because she's got the voice of an angel.
1855;9;There are fun songs and beautiful ballads paired with Celine's fantastic and unreal voice.
1855;10;With a sudden burst in octave, it can sweep an entire stadium off its feet...Besides the well loved Because You Loved Me and Its All Coming Back To Me Now the other romantic numbers are also classics.
1854;1;I really enjoy having this Soundtrack, and having the songs to a very awesome Marvel movie!
1854;2;It's not as compelling to listen to on it's own as disc one of this album, but there are some interesting tracks that I've found myself revisiting...Favorite Tracks.
1854;3;It's excellent and when they re-mix some of the older songs, they do a good job of making sure it's not a lame version!
1854;4;It's not as compelling to listen to on it's own as disc one of this album, but there are some interesting tracks that I've found myself revisiting...Favorite Tracks.
1854;5;It's not as compelling to listen to on it's own as disc one of this album, but there are some interesting tracks that I've found myself revisiting...Favorite Tracks.
1854;6;It has of songs that she loved, all songs from the 1970s, and this is the only thing Quill has left of his mother, and his former home on Earth.
1854;7;It's not as compelling to listen to on it's own as disc one of this album, but there are some interesting tracks that I've found myself revisiting...Favorite Tracks.
1854;8;It's not as compelling to listen to on it's own as disc one of this album, but there are some interesting tracks that I've found myself revisiting...Favorite Tracks.
1854;9;this is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1854;10;I am delighted with this purchase it is a great quality pressing with a nice gatefold packaging...I also particularly love the cover art.
1849;1;Some really gorgeous harmony here with good orchestrations and choir for backup.
1849;2;Their voices make magic together.
1849;3;Some really gorgeous harmony here with good orchestrations and choir for backup.
1849;4;Their voices make magic together.
1849;5;Their voices make magic together.
1849;6;I listen to it in the car, at home, etc. and love it!
1849;7;I listen to it in the car, at home, etc. and love it!
1849;8;Their voices make magic together.
1849;9;Their voices make magic together.
1849;10;There is no question that I love the voices.
1848;1;Good place to get all the Foreigner cuts you loved and remembered on one disc.
1848;2;Good place to get all the Foreigner cuts you loved and remembered on one disc.
1848;3;Good place to get all the Foreigner cuts you loved and remembered on one disc.
1848;4;This is definitely a must have for a road trip or workout music.
1848;5;Good place to get all the Foreigner cuts you loved and remembered on one disc.
1848;6;Long Long Way From Home - Great guitars and vocals on this...Another song you definately worth a repeat...4.
1848;7;It's a compilation of work that like the Doobie Brothers' sounds great as you drive down the highway.
1848;8;Street wise lyrics and youthful determination abound.
1848;9;Dirty White Boy, the street life isn't always pretty, but you can sure be fun sometimes.
1848;10;Good place to get all the Foreigner cuts you loved and remembered on one disc.
1851;1;Cannot get this thing off my turntable it's so darn good.
1851;2;Heard Leon Bridges while listening online to WXRT in Chicago and the album is solid from beginning to end.
1851;3;Cannot get this thing off my turntable it's so darn good.
1851;4;Heard Leon Bridges while listening online to WXRT in Chicago and the album is solid from beginning to end.
1851;5;Heard Leon Bridges while listening online to WXRT in Chicago and the album is solid from beginning to end.
1851;6;Leon Bridges brings some soulful heartfelt notes to some down home music.
1851;7;Heard Leon Bridges while listening online to WXRT in Chicago and the album is solid from beginning to end.
1851;8;Very interesting lyrics and 60's style sound!
1851;9;Heard Leon Bridges while listening online to WXRT in Chicago and the album is solid from beginning to end.
1851;10;Love his style and voice.
1850;1;Your emotions disappear, and you are left adrift in the phenomenal voice of a master interpreter.
1850;2;They complement each other in amazing ways, and it's too bad this is their only work together.
1850;3;It is so good that I don't notice he's there WHILE I AM COMPLETELY AWARE AT ALL TIMES WHAT HE IS DOING IN THE MUSIC.
1850;4;I always listen to these tracks with a few repeats.
1850;5;Read a dozen of the earlier reviews for song details and interesting musical explanations.
1850;6;Stay home and let the club come to you a quiet night.
1850;7;I always listen to these tracks with a few repeats.
1850;8;Your emotions disappear, and you are left adrift in the phenomenal voice of a master interpreter.
1850;9;Hartman's voice is incredible
1850;10;All of the emotions that make up romantic love: tenderness, passion, perhaps some tinges of sadness and regret, along with tremendous longing are present in these songs in ways both subtle and provacative.
1845;1;As good as the first disc is, the second is even better.
1845;2;Now for the bad news....This was the last great Genesis album.
1845;3;Buy the new mastered version of Second's Out, put on a good pair of headphones, relax and put on Supper's Ready.
1845;4;Though Tony uses Synth rather than piano and flute, it's still awesome.
1845;5;Ok if you are reading this you are not asking or looking to gain insight as to wether this is a great LP...Here is what you may want to know: Vinyl is clean and clear.
1845;6;Ok if you are reading this you are not asking or looking to gain insight as to wether this is a great LP...Here is what you may want to know: Vinyl is clean and clear.
1845;7;Add to that the legendary sound quality...this is easily one of the finest-sounding live albums by any band ever---thank you Mr. Hentschel, you are a genius...and we have one of the sweetest recordings for inner space travel available on this planet...  This is NOT background music.
1845;8;Now for the bad news....This was the last great Genesis album.
1845;9;Aside from a mildly sloppy rendition of "dance on a volcano", the entire album is  fantastic, with all members of the band becoming more comforatable with  their music and fine-tuning the dynamics.
1845;10;Standouts include I  Know What I Like, in which the band sets off a terrific jam, Afterglow, a  romantic ballad which sounds even more powerful than it's studio version,  The epic Supper's Ready,  which is absolutely mindblowing and the explosive  finale of Dance On A Volcano/Los Endos.
1844;1;For those who demand the highest quality in songwriting, audio / production, musicianship, and longevity, and who enjoy music that takes you on a journey, always surprising you with each turn, this is it...Not a continuation of "Grace for Drowning" (another superb SW release), rather, a new chapter for this fantastic band...Exceptional musicians!!
1844;2;It's a sad and sweet ending that leaves you with a haunting feeling that reflects the concept of the entire album...I mentioned early on the idea of the album as a reimagining of classic 70's prog, with nods to Wilson's own prior output.
1844;3;Thankfully this turned out to be a good decision...I will admit that I have never been fully keen on Steven's influences and always wonder what could be next.
1844;4;I was pleasantly surprised by the overall quality of '<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Storm-Corrosion/dp/B007DJUO8O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Storm Corrosion</a>' and am now happy to see that some of that same influence spilled over to this record.
1844;5;This is the work of a musician who is inspired, focused, and reinvigorated - and confident in being so.
1844;6;I was pleasantly surprised by the overall quality of '<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Storm-Corrosion/dp/B007DJUO8O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Storm Corrosion</a>' and am now happy to see that some of that same influence spilled over to this record.
1844;7;Acoustic guitar and piano break into a chorus of layered vocals driven by Marco Minneman's drumming, with Travis' sax again pushing the sound into something more than rock.
1844;8;Steven's voice has matured to a point where he can actually carry the song beautifully and with great emotion.
1844;9;It's that good...Music should entertain, make you think (at least a little bit), be fun, challenge you, be a little different.
1844;10;I loved the parts where Wilson just rocked out.
1847;1;I especially enjoyed the following.....Building a Mystery-this is a really fun song to listen to because of the lyrics.
1847;2;I find comfort in listening to songs such as, "I Love  You", "Hold On", and "Do What You Have To Do"  whenever I feel lonely or sad.
1847;3;If this is "bad" Sarah McLachlan, I'm more eager than ever to hear the good.
1847;4;I would recommend it to anyone who likes Sarah McLachlan or great music.
1847;5;I would recommend it to anyone who likes Sarah McLachlan or great music.
1847;6;I would recommend it to anyone who likes Sarah McLachlan or great music.
1847;7;one for the car and one at work.
1847;8;Filled with stunning vocals and beautiful lyrics, this compilation of McLaughlan's first four albums is an amazing collection for any fan to own.
1847;9;Play track 6 ( I Love You ) , close you eyes and go to the dance floor with some one soft, warm and smelling of roses, that's where the song and the CD puts you.
1847;10;I just love to hear "Building A Mystery", "Angel", "Will You Remember Me?"
1846;1;But also check out Barry Bonds, Flashing Lights and The Glory even a slight misstep on Drunk & Hot Girls is still enjoyable and fun to listen to...5 stars is what this one gets from me...Way better than a good deal of what's been released this year...bar none.
1846;2;He has pegged himself quite well and this album IS true hiphop because it reflecting and teaching at the same time.
1846;3;Kanye comes back with his third album and it is as good as his last two.
1846;4;He has pegged himself quite well and this album IS true hiphop because it reflecting and teaching at the same time.
1846;5;He has pegged himself quite well and this album IS true hiphop because it reflecting and teaching at the same time.
1846;6;Kanye has a good album and I love "Welcome to the Good Life",#6 "You Can't Tell Me Nothing","Flashing Lights"(like Katrina with no FEMA, like Martin with no Gena, like a flight with no visa etc)#10 "Everything I Am",#11(the title escapes me), and the last and certainly best "Big Brother" to his mentor Jay Z.Folks may say what they will, but the fact that he just took home a couple of Grammys say that the brother has talent.
1846;7;West's flow is outstanding as is the beat in the driving "The Glory."
1846;8;His lyrics effectively express the ambition, desires and often wishes of someone influenced by popculture during that time and we all are to some degree or another, and he made it.
1846;9;The tracks encompass the story, fun, and craziness that is hip hop.
1846;10;Kanye has a good album and I love "Welcome to the Good Life",#6 "You Can't Tell Me Nothing","Flashing Lights"(like Katrina with no FEMA, like Martin with no Gena, like a flight with no visa etc)#10 "Everything I Am",#11(the title escapes me), and the last and certainly best "Big Brother" to his mentor Jay Z.Folks may say what they will, but the fact that he just took home a couple of Grammys say that the brother has talent.
1841;1;You know, this album is pretty good for an old album due to the fact that I still enjoy it as if I was living back in the olden days.
1841;2;Arguably this is the greatest hip hop album ever, one of the greatest albums in music history, the library of congress should give honor to this album, and if the white house decides to honor hip hop one day eric b. and rakim should be there performing "Paid In Full", nuff said!
1841;3;Very good early rap music.
1841;4;Arguably this is the greatest hip hop album ever, one of the greatest albums in music history, the library of congress should give honor to this album, and if the white house decides to honor hip hop one day eric b. and rakim should be there performing "Paid In Full", nuff said!
1841;5;It's an album that anyone that considers themself a true hip hop head must have and anyone that is a collector of essential music should study it.
1841;6;Arguably this is the greatest hip hop album ever, one of the greatest albums in music history, the library of congress should give honor to this album, and if the white house decides to honor hip hop one day eric b. and rakim should be there performing "Paid In Full", nuff said!
1841;7;Good to listen to around the house while doing chores or taking a drive in the car.
1841;8;b) extraordinary lyrics that speak the truth and c) incredible songs that all deserve listening to.
1841;9;The lyrics aren't necessarily deep, but they're always fun, catchy and interesting to listen to.
1841;10;this is a masterpiece,loved every song,wow.
1840;1;So, get it, enjoy it and appreciate the fact that we have music of this timeless quality still being made today.
1840;2;Aside from the negative production/mix barbs thrown at T-Bone Burnett,  this is a splendid comeback album for the ages.
1840;3;Depsite all the years of hard living his voice is good, the sound amazing and the selection of songs by Allman and T Bone Burnett is perfect.
1840;4;Another terrific T-Bone Burnett collaboration.
1840;5;Another terrific T-Bone Burnett collaboration.
1840;6;and "Crazyheart" fame) produced and helped with song selection...Allman's put together some fabulous songs and a tremendous roster of talent for the record...Allman's clean and sober.
1840;7;Great backgound music, great driving music, great to just sit and listen to with headphones...The vocals are great.
1840;8;Another terrific T-Bone Burnett collaboration.
1840;9;Everone seems engaged, and while the atmosphere is professional and respectful, there is a sense of feeling and integrity, and downright fun, throughout.
1840;10;I know I love mine.
1843;1;I think anyone  who enjoys good music will appreciate this CD.
1843;2;The album's high point, "Mudshovel", combines Lewis's impressive vocal range during the verses with his powerful screams throughout the choruses ("You can't feel my anger...you can't feel my pain...").
1843;3;It might be a bit of a different listen for someone who just started Staind on Break the Cycle, but it is still just as good.
1843;4;Therfore, Dysfunction is more than just a debut, it's one of the best metal CD of all time.
1843;5;very talented band, i recommend this cd to  anyone who reads this review, this cd is well worth it... trust me
1843;6;I got home then played it.
1843;7;Therfore, Dysfunction is more than just a debut, it's one of the best metal CD of all time.
1843;8;part of it is the deep lyrics, but it is also the way aaron lewis sings with such emotion, and you can feel it in every song, it's amazing.
1843;9;Therfore, Dysfunction is more than just a debut, it's one of the best metal CD of all time.
1843;10;And I prefer this one, much more head banging and much harder, something all metal heads would love.
1842;1;there is a song from clint eastwoods movie true crime that is very good.
1842;2;there is a song from clint eastwoods movie true crime that is very good.
1842;3;there is a song from clint eastwoods movie true crime that is very good.
1842;4;there is a song from clint eastwoods movie true crime that is very good.
1842;5;Like Nelson Riddle and Frank Sinatra, they are a proverbial match made in heaven - they truly bring out the best in each other...I've read an article written by Brian Truitt on the latest issue of "USA Weekend" that this album is Diana Krall's "love letter" to her hubby, Elvis Costello.
1842;6;I saw Diana in concert and came home to order a CD.
1842;7;A wonderful trip to Brazil a sultry sound and rhythm.
1842;8;there is a song from clint eastwoods movie true crime that is very good.
1842;9;there is a song from clint eastwoods movie true crime that is very good.
1842;10;I love the dissonance and the orchestration in this and other similar albums she has done.
1836;1;"Affirmative Action" showcases the firm crew, very good track.
1836;2;This is Nas's best cuz of the beatz, his raps are usually tops, but never underestimate the power of some true blue east coast production, meaning intelligent, crisp, and concrete beats.
1836;3;"Affirmative Action" showcases the firm crew, very good track.
1836;4;I am one of the few "hip hop" fans that think that this albums ranks up there with Illmatic lyrically.
1836;5;I am one of the few "hip hop" fans that think that this albums ranks up there with Illmatic lyrically.
1836;6;Peace, and keep the streets clean from gang violence, y'all.
1836;7;I am one of the few "hip hop" fans that think that this albums ranks up there with Illmatic lyrically.
1836;8;When listening to this album you can't just listen to the beats you have to listen to the lyrics espescially his song I gave you power, this song not only has a nice beat but the lyrics speak to you.
1836;9;I am one of the few "hip hop" fans that think that this albums ranks up there with Illmatic lyrically.
1836;10;If you liked his debut, you will love this one!
1837;1;The sound quality is very good and the artwork is very nicely done...The CD starts with a very early hit for Bobby entitled "Splish Splash
1837;2;Rumor has it that he made the move so that he could record in the same studio where Ol' Blue Eyes made his biggest and best records.
1837;3;I recommend this good compilation of singles which is how most young people bought their music at about a buck a piece during those years.
1837;4;Played this as soon as I received.
1837;5;Played this as soon as I received.
1837;6;Played this as soon as I received.
1837;7;Play it in my car constantly.
1837;8;This guy had an incredibly smooth voice which easily and successfully wrapped itself warmly around lyrics from any genre of music!
1837;9;The sound quality is very good and the artwork is very nicely done...The CD starts with a very early hit for Bobby entitled "Splish Splash
1837;10;Love the old songs and his voice.
1838;1;Kediri music I enjoy a lot new cd and old ones.
1838;2;I've seen her live twice in the last year and each time just thrills me with the vocal range!!!
1838;3;This cd is great,she has high energy songs on here that will make you feel so good!
1838;4;I've seen her live twice in the last year and each time just thrills me with the vocal range!!!
1838;5;I've seen her live twice in the last year and each time just thrills me with the vocal range!!!
1838;6;I've seen her live twice in the last year and each time just thrills me with the vocal range!!!
1838;7;I've seen her live twice in the last year and each time just thrills me with the vocal range!!!
1838;8;No matter the song, great lyrics, great tracks, great vibe.
1838;9;I've seen her live twice in the last year and each time just thrills me with the vocal range!!!
1838;10;Ledisi delivers another soulful blend of love songs with uptemo Ballads that makes couples fall in love all over again.
1839;1;But it is pure fun and is a good song to which to dance.
1839;2;I recieved what I wanted, a great record, for the exact opposite reasons the previously mentioned disc was good.
1839;3;I recieved what I wanted, a great record, for the exact opposite reasons the previously mentioned disc was good.
1839;4;It is fun to listen to, has the beat to get you through the workouts!
1839;5;Few bands continue to improve with each work, but this is one group to study as an example.
1839;6;I recieved what I wanted, a great record, for the exact opposite reasons the previously mentioned disc was good.
1839;7;Former Cars leader Ric Ocesak produces two songs on the album including the superb "Platinum Blonde Life" while the band traveled to Paisley Park Studios and recorded with the Purple One himself, Prince, on the sultry "Waiting Room".
1839;8;Overall, it's frenetic, it has tip-toe high vocals, a mainline sexy melody topped by "wait for you" lyrics, and experimental background noises that consist of interesting beeping beats.
1839;9;This is a fun party album.
1839;10;No Doubt is my favorite band, and the best thing I love about them is that they're not afraid to try something new.
1832;1;I'm not one that often talks about lyrics, but some of these lyrics are fantastic.
1832;2;I got this as a gift.
1832;3;As good as they ever been, and I don't give five stars that easily.
1832;4;I got this as a gift.
1832;5;It is a very fine album with a stronger focus to variety and production quality.
1832;6;Fast delivery, clean package, and excellent condition upon arrival.
1832;7;I got this as a gift.
1832;8;I'm not one that often talks about lyrics, but some of these lyrics are fantastic.
1832;9;I got this as a gift.
1832;10;Just got this in and love it.
1833;1;good old steely dan, this is one of his best albums, great retro feel in retosepect to the kind of music one get to hear these days.
1833;2;good old steely dan, this is one of his best albums, great retro feel in retosepect to the kind of music one get to hear these days.
1833;3;good old steely dan, this is one of his best albums, great retro feel in retosepect to the kind of music one get to hear these days.
1833;4;good old steely dan, this is one of his best albums, great retro feel in retosepect to the kind of music one get to hear these days.
1833;5;The result is a classic Steely Dan character study, and an excellent bit of commentary on the cyclical, destructive power of violence.
1833;6;As always with Steely Dan, the band's musicianship cooks, the production is tremendous, and Fagen's lead vocals are soulful.
1833;7;Ramones riffs show up in every car commercial these days, but nobody (I mean NOBODY) is selling albums sounding like Steely Dan...Now me, I absolutely love original punk.
1833;8;Punk is an extroverted art form, wearing its emotions on its sleeve.
1833;9;The most underrated and made fun of band on the planet.
1833;10;Ramones riffs show up in every car commercial these days, but nobody (I mean NOBODY) is selling albums sounding like Steely Dan...Now me, I absolutely love original punk.
1834;1;Knowing that it's Ward, it's fairly obvious now, but Ward sounds pretty good actually and its fun to hear him as the lead singer.
1834;2;'Junior's Eyes' totally captured my heart, when my best friend died in a motorcycle accident in Europe many years ago... 'Johnny Blade', the portrait of a street-fighter, is so powerful and convincing that makes you wonder why this album received so many bad reviews.
1834;3;'Junior's Eyes' totally captured my heart, when my best friend died in a motorcycle accident in Europe many years ago... 'Johnny Blade', the portrait of a street-fighter, is so powerful and convincing that makes you wonder why this album received so many bad reviews.
1834;4;But was at least interesting.
1834;5;But from time to time I do enjoy some odd picks, so read on at your own risk...A lot of Sabbath fans and metal fans in general pan this album, but I absolutely love it!
1834;6;But was at least interesting.
1834;7;The songs run into one another making the album nearly like an acid trip.
1834;8;'Junior's Eyes' totally captured my heart, when my best friend died in a motorcycle accident in Europe many years ago... 'Johnny Blade', the portrait of a street-fighter, is so powerful and convincing that makes you wonder why this album received so many bad reviews.
1834;9;Both songs have a jazzy and bouncy rhythm section going on, however "air dance" offers a very cocktail-ish like romantic adult evening party (beside the beach in southern California!)
1834;10;Great sabbath album all the songs are great my favorites on this album are Johnny Blade and Never Say Die but I listen to the whole album this is sabbath at a faster pace I love it
1835;1;So it's not really feel good music, but the songs are catchy and fun to listen to.
1835;2;It's a classic alternative rock sound that I'll always cherish from this band.
1835;3;the rock and roll a great ,worth a thumb up very enjoyable to listen to,good group of songs in this cd
1835;4;"Pages" illustrates the intimacy of what artist put on the page and the longing for others to relate...3 Doors Down is my "go to" album when I do cardio at the gym because of the fast paced beat and the inspirational message to never give up.
1835;5;It's a classic alternative rock sound that I'll always cherish from this band.
1835;6;It's a classic alternative rock sound that I'll always cherish from this band.
1835;7;While this style of music might not appeal to those who like really hard rock or strictly "artsy" alternative rock... for those who like radio oriented, melodic rock with catchy choruses and a ballad or two thrown in, 3 Doors Down delivers the goods...This is great music to drive to.
1835;8;this is truly a great cd with great acoustics and lyrics they give a top performance with no exceptions.
1835;9;So it's not really feel good music, but the songs are catchy and fun to listen to.
1835;10;She loves this one just as much as I do.
1828;1;this album was really good.
1828;2;The album is simply amazing.
1828;3;this album was really good.
1828;4;The album is simply amazing.
1828;5;The album is simply amazing.
1828;6;Something about this line hits home to a sign of the times.
1828;7;Whether it be the snapping drums that drive Matthew Santos' vocals on the Chris & Drop produced Streets On Fire, the Linkin Park-esque vibe of the Ashlux produced and Snoop Dogg assisted Hi-Definition, or the grooving keys of Soundtrakk's Superstar, The Cool definitely fits Lupe's persona to a tee.
1828;8;Lupe is switching up his flows a lot, the lyrics are just insane as usual and the beats are pretty dope and match the theme of each song perfectly.
1828;9;His last album was a classic in my opinion especially in the year when hip hop dances was being formed Lupe just came out of nowhere and just surprised everybody.
1828;10;I also love ''Fighters'' (Lupe gives shout-outs to all those who supported him and on ''Intruder Alert'' some of the lyrics reference a girl who was raped.
1829;1;just makes me giggle)
1829;2;This song is underrated by both fans and the public through it's there best song a posibley one of the best ever it doesn't make it anywhere on there best of really sad it's such a beautiful song running close to 11 min it's great
1829;3;And while I'm inclined to agree that both are good, Even in the Quietest Moments is often slept on.
1829;4;The climactic point of the song, which ends in a gospel-like choral fashion is quite moving, and was an excellent addition to conclude the track..."Fool's Overture" is the grand 11-minute closer of the album.
1829;5;But, this album is that inspired step to the microphone,a work of art, a unique look at life  - from the studies of love in "Give a Little Bit" and "Lover Boy" to the unique angst and peace interplay in "Even In The Quietest Moments."
1829;6;And still today it's in high rotation at the home...I have to admit.
1829;7;The climactic point of the song, which ends in a gospel-like choral fashion is quite moving, and was an excellent addition to conclude the track..."Fool's Overture" is the grand 11-minute closer of the album.
1829;8;Downstream sounds similar to early Elton John recordings, with heartfelt lyrics and lilting piano.
1829;9;'Babaji' is another forefront to "Breakfast In America," but with a twist
1829;10;Supertramp were such a glorious band, and their music is recommended to fans of 70s music, particularly for fans of such artists as Queen, Roxy Music, Electric Light Orchestra, Yes, Todd Rundgren, Elton John and the like, or for music fans who are romantics in general.
1830;1;great album worth the money i spent for it, buy it u will love it enjoyed it.
1830;2;Look forward to seeing Brantley perform these songs live.
1830;3;All his songs are good ones.
1830;4;Look forward to seeing Brantley perform these songs live.
1830;5;Look forward to seeing Brantley perform these songs live.
1830;6;Look forward to seeing Brantley perform these songs live.
1830;7;rockin tunes--great for the car!
1830;8;Look forward to seeing Brantley perform these songs live.
1830;9;Look forward to seeing Brantley perform these songs live.
1830;10;I just love his voice and there's always something for everyone on his CD.
1831;1;The CD of Book of Mormon is a good reminder of why I enjoyed the musical when I attended a performance.
1831;2;Trey Parker and Matt Stone, tco-creators of The Book of Mormon and the geniuses behind South Park, have moved the Colorado neighborhood to Broadway, except the Great White Way contains more blue material that you'd expect.
1831;3;And lo, the cast album was released, and was good, gloriously good, one of those wonderful cast albums that transports the lucky listener to another world, and makes him or her long to see the full show on Broadway.
1831;4;I'm taking the story it presents with a grain of salt, but I feel I was both educated and entertained...Now if I could just put my guilt at enjoying this album into a little box in my head and CRUSH IT, that would perfect.
1831;5;I'm taking the story it presents with a grain of salt, but I feel I was both educated and entertained...Now if I could just put my guilt at enjoying this album into a little box in my head and CRUSH IT, that would perfect.
1831;6;I'm taking the story it presents with a grain of salt, but I feel I was both educated and entertained...Now if I could just put my guilt at enjoying this album into a little box in my head and CRUSH IT, that would perfect.
1831;7;I like listening in my car and singing along!
1831;8;About 1/2 the soundtrack is highly addictive and will stick in your head - careful singing some of those lyrics in public though!
1831;9;And the score was melodic and rhythmic and sweet and fun and inspiring, and the lyrics were full of humanity and insight.
1831;10;I like this recording, I enjoyed this recording, I loved this recording and this would be a perfect CD for those who don't like Broadway musicals or those who don't think they would like Broadway musicals(you know who you are)...All in all thank you Trey Parker and Matt Stone and I hope you don't end up with an eternal spooky hell dream for "Hasa Diga EEbowai"  LOL
1824;1;While not quite as good as Casino Royale's "You Know My Name", this is Adele + Bond, which is of course an inherent winner.
1824;2;Adele sings it great & music .
1824;3;While not quite as good as Casino Royale's "You Know My Name", this is Adele + Bond, which is of course an inherent winner.
1824;4;Adele sings it great & music .
1824;5;Adele sings it great & music .
1824;6;Adele sings it great & music .
1824;7;Adele sings it great & music .
1824;8;But the lyrics and imagery are also vague enough that it can be appreciated as a powerful love ballad in its own right, about triumphing over the odds with the help of one who loves you ("I know I'd never be me without the security/Are your loving arms keeping me from harm/Put your hand in my hand and we'll stand").
1824;9;Adele sings it great & music .
1824;10;love it just like the movie
1825;1;"And Your Bird Can Sing" is a superb piece of rock playing, and this very different version has some good guitar sounds and, since John and Paul are cracking up with laughter the whole time, is trememdous fun.
1825;2;Interesting is some of the studio banter like in "I'm Down" (with Paul saying in a pseudo-American accent: "Let's hope this one turns out pretty darn good... Plastic soul, man!")
1825;3;"I'm Only Sleeping" (rehearsal) gives you another good idea of the experimental nature of the "Revolver" sessions.
1825;4;Interesting is some of the studio banter like in "I'm Down" (with Paul saying in a pseudo-American accent: "Let's hope this one turns out pretty darn good... Plastic soul, man!")
1825;5;Read all about most of these things in Lewisohn's excellent books.)
1825;6;Interesting is some of the studio banter like in "I'm Down" (with Paul saying in a pseudo-American accent: "Let's hope this one turns out pretty darn good... Plastic soul, man!")
1825;7;All You Need is Love may seem a little precious at this far removed time, but it was the perfect world rally rant at the peak of the summer of love...Similarly, the world's attention in early '68 was on the Beatles celebrated trip to India to study with the Mahariji.
1825;8;There are alternate lyrics and "pauses"...8) Perhaps the most amazing thing about this collection is the Beatles transform from the early 1960 sound into their psychedelic era.
1825;9;Discover for yourself the creative fun of the Beatles at work!
1825;10;First off, "Real Love," one of the two "new" Beatles tracks from 1995, is a good song and, I think, a moving one.
1826;1;What prompted me to buy this was the fact that it was Whitney, but after seeing the movie, the music put me in such a good frame of mind that I knew I had to have it, this music is special and makes you happy.
1826;2;This album is guaranteed to lift your spirits when you're feeling in a down mood, and Whitney has never sounded better.
1826;3;What prompted me to buy this was the fact that it was Whitney, but after seeing the movie, the music put me in such a good frame of mind that I knew I had to have it, this music is special and makes you happy.
1826;4;The duet with Shirley Ceasar, He's All Over Me, is a classic gospel workout.
1826;5;That remarkable voice has never been so strong and focused on its material.
1826;6;She got to take it back home to the church where she came from and her heart still is.
1826;7;Her treatment of this music was a trip to Heaven.
1826;8;Whitney's voice is beautiful, filled with emotion and her love reaches out and touches you with this album.
1826;9;"Step By Step" is a great dance song, featuring Annie Lennox on background vocals.
1826;10;"You Were Loved" is a laid back, heartfelt ballad, classic Whitney.
1827;1;It would have been nice if ABCKO had included bonus tracks of non-LP tracks from the period, but the album is so good by itself that this is one of the few times I'll forgive them their negligence.
1827;2;This is the album that gave the Stones their reputatations as rock and roll's bad boys and began their reign as the "greatest rock and roll band in the world".
1827;3;It would have been nice if ABCKO had included bonus tracks of non-LP tracks from the period, but the album is so good by itself that this is one of the few times I'll forgive them their negligence.
1827;4;Otherwise, this is a superb album, with superb remastering, and long overdue.
1827;5;Having recently read Keith Richards book "Life", I decided to go back and check out some of the sounds that Keith referred to, including the influence that Charlie Watts had with his jazz background and delayed beat that made the Stones sound unique.
1827;6;"Take It Or Leave It" and "Think" are good songs but compared with the rest I think they are the 2nd and 3rd weakest songs on here behind "Going Home"!
1827;7;Mick Jagger is at his most self-assured to date, the varied instruments add texture and interest, and the somewhat underrated rhythm section provides a solid, driving foundation.
1827;8;This is the album that gave the Stones their reputatations as rock and roll's bad boys and began their reign as the "greatest rock and roll band in the world".
1827;9;Now for the rest of the songs..."Stupid Girl" is a fun romp, the organ playing reminded me of Bob Dylan's "Apple Suckling Tree"!
1827;10;"Lady Jane" is a classic that I used to not care for but it grew on me, now I love it!
1823;1;very satisfied with the shipment... enjoying the record so much... the packaging is very good and i received the shipment earlier than i expected.
1823;2;Best songs are Houdini, Warrant, and Helena Beat although I can't say there's a bad song in the bunch
1823;3;I pulled down "Torches" and gave it a good four round listen throughout, and I'm a convert, they got me with their playful sound and wizardly hooks.
1823;4;This is certainly a group worth following, as their raw potential is largely uncharted in an industry that seems preoccupied with providing easily digestible, ubiquitous pop to the masses.
1823;5;This is certainly a group worth following, as their raw potential is largely uncharted in an industry that seems preoccupied with providing easily digestible, ubiquitous pop to the masses.
1823;6;This is certainly a group worth following, as their raw potential is largely uncharted in an industry that seems preoccupied with providing easily digestible, ubiquitous pop to the masses.
1823;7;Trip to the beach with windows down, wakeboarding on a boat, canoeing in a lake....
1823;8;It's an interesting track that juxtaposes a catchy hook with some pretty dark lyrics ("All the little kids with they're pumped up kicks, better run, better run, faster than my bullet")...But the rest of the album really surprised me with how fun and danceable it is!
1823;9;Helena Beat is amazing, Pumped Up Kicks is their magnum opus so far, Call it What You Want is so much fun (I heard it in Hollister yesterday, and tried not to scream), Color on the Walls reminds me even more of fun.
1823;10;if you're a fan... check out their latest music video... you will love it!
1822;1;Bassist James Lomenzo lays down some sick catchy bass lines, and Shawn Drover (brother of Glen BTW) does some excellent drumming throughout, especially with some wicked fast tempos thrown in for good measure...I love every song on this album, but here's a look at some of my favorites...The album opens up with a straight forward thrasher in "Sleepwalker" which is in my opinion, Megadeth's best song in years and my favorite song on the album.
1822;2;People always gripe and compare new music to an artists past releases, and while that should put you on track with WHO they are, it should not be a negative thing.
1822;3;Bassist James Lomenzo lays down some sick catchy bass lines, and Shawn Drover (brother of Glen BTW) does some excellent drumming throughout, especially with some wicked fast tempos thrown in for good measure...I love every song on this album, but here's a look at some of my favorites...The album opens up with a straight forward thrasher in "Sleepwalker" which is in my opinion, Megadeth's best song in years and my favorite song on the album.
1822;4;I have highly anticipated this release, and I knew it would be great, in fact, this album has also become my third favorite Megadeth album, behind "Rust In Peace" (my all time favorite Megadeth album) and "Peace Sells...But Who's Buying" (my second favorite).
1822;5;He's a genius when he's angry and focused.
1822;6;Track three "Never Walk Alone...A Call to Arms" is another great song that features catchy riffs especially during the chorus (which is catchy as well), and an excellent and I do mean EXCELLENT solo section in the middle with a nice clean interlude over some nice guitar harmonies.
1822;7;Woke up very early and went to get this...The opening Sleepwalkers: was the first to be blasted in the car on the way home from the purchase The riffs in that song are amazing and very skilled yet catchy.
1822;8;Smart, and witty lyrics, heavy guitar riffs and ripping guitar solos reminicent of 80's style.
1822;9;Dave and his crew are staying true to what they know best, thrashing metal fun!!!
1822;10;Bassist James Lomenzo lays down some sick catchy bass lines, and Shawn Drover (brother of Glen BTW) does some excellent drumming throughout, especially with some wicked fast tempos thrown in for good measure...I love every song on this album, but here's a look at some of my favorites...The album opens up with a straight forward thrasher in "Sleepwalker" which is in my opinion, Megadeth's best song in years and my favorite song on the album.
1821;1;Which all became hits this man is a musical geinus anyone who enjoyed Babyface during the 90's and 80's and if you enjoyed him with the "Deele" you would definitely enjoy this cd it is wonderful the whole cd is good every song on this cd is solid as a rock !!!!!
1821;2;All the best hits are on this Cd.
1821;3;This is a good record.
1821;4;All the best hits are on this Cd.
1821;5;All the best hits are on this Cd.
1821;6;All the best hits are on this Cd.
1821;7;This was a wonderful CD to listen too on a long trip.
1821;8;I have always loved babyface,he writes beautiful lyrics.
1821;9;All the best hits are on this Cd.
1821;10;Great music , I love it .
1820;1;good soundtrack... My mom and my sisters and I love the twilight movies.
1820;2;Great cd, these some of these songs are just filled with so much pain and loss.
1820;3;good soundtrack... My mom and my sisters and I love the twilight movies.
1820;4;It makes me think of love and loss and hope.
1820;5;I had to have it when I read Phoenix Child's review...The Score is great too.....See this review/description:.
1820;6;Introducing new acts, providing dazzling new material from old favorites, and mixing an album to keep it fresh while never losing the brooding cohesiveness of the project the mix is based upon is a difficult task, but "The Twilight Saga: New Moon" has more than stepped up to the challenge -- it hit a solid home run...Five out of five stars.
1820;7;It makes me think of love and loss and hope.
1820;8;The songs just describes the emotions and the intensity of the movie (Bella losing Edward).
1820;9;It is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1820;10;It makes me think of love and loss and hope.
1819;1;very good album love it madonna is great i listen to it and its fun yay words ya.
1819;2;Also worth mentioning are other minor hits that Madonna had, which have failed to show up on any of her previous "greatest hits" or "remix" records:  1984's "Angel", 1986's "True Blue", 1989's "Keep It Together", 1990's "Hanky Panky", 1992's "Fever" and "Bad Girl", 1994's "Bedtime Story", 1997's "You Must Love Me", 1998's "Nothing Really Matters", 2000's "American Pie", 2005's "Jump", and 2008's "Give It To Me."
1819;3;very good album love it madonna is great i listen to it and its fun yay words ya.
1819;4;Her music is perfect to drive to, workout to - or just reminisce to, because each song brings with it a good memory...Madonna RULES!
1819;5;For the new or casual Madonna fan, almost everything you need is here!
1819;6;For the new or casual Madonna fan, almost everything you need is here!
1819;7;This CD could be perfectly used as a warm up while you're driving to a club.
1819;8;She possesses a voice that is exquisite and beautiful because when she is sad with sadness and tears, Madonna is sadly beautiful.
1819;9;very good album love it madonna is great i listen to it and its fun yay words ya.
1819;10;Madonna always brings something new about life, love and humanity!
1818;1;There is not one thing about this cd set which I can honestly complain about (except as with all the other re-issues, Roadrunner has decided that glueing the cd book down inside the set is a good idea)..."Demanufacture" is a timeless album, and this release 10 years after the original shows how much power this album can still pack.
1818;2;It is the pinnacle of their creativity and they haven't come close to touching this level since which is too bad -- but we still have this release to console us!
1818;3;It is the pinnacle of their creativity and they haven't come close to touching this level since which is too bad -- but we still have this release to console us!
1818;4;I'd recommend this CD to any Metal-Head out There!!!!!
1818;5;also did i mention that this album was released in 1995, and still to this day it kicks the ass of any metallic metal today, even without the foresight and technology, this masterpiece as well as fear factory were years and years before thier time, revolutionaries...i read a review saying that the legend burton C bell COPIED COREY TAYLOR!
1818;6;It is more metal than those, I think...FF did a masterful job in writing catchy riffs, injecting their energy, using the industrial influences, and incorporating the clean vocals.
1818;7;His powerful driving rhythms and plentiful use of the double bass petal elevate the new dynamic sound of the band to further heights.
1818;8;The lyrics are especially fitting for the album.
1818;9;I'd recommend this CD to any Metal-Head out There!!!!!
1818;10;Cd came flawless and in just a couple of days.
1817;1;In either case, this CD is totally worth buying, and I  encourage everyone to look past the strictly-German lyrics, and listen for  the feeling and emotions this CD produces.
1817;2;Till does his good singing in here, also...Alter Mann: 4/5 Great song, makes me feel sad though sometimes, for some reason.
1817;3;There is not a bad song on the album as far as I am concerned and a lot of them very good...I don't think you can go wrong on this one, really, believe me!
1817;4;From beginnig "Sehnsucht" to end "Kuss Mich" this CD is packed to the brim with some really heavy music.
1817;5;From beginnig "Sehnsucht" to end "Kuss Mich" this CD is packed to the brim with some really heavy music.
1817;6;From beginnig "Sehnsucht" to end "Kuss Mich" this CD is packed to the brim with some really heavy music.
1817;7;This album has a perfect mix of electronic elements with the hard, driving riffs and forceful music that Rammsten so commonly uses.
1817;8;In either case, this CD is totally worth buying, and I  encourage everyone to look past the strictly-German lyrics, and listen for  the feeling and emotions this CD produces.
1817;9;All metal collections need some industrial metal, and Rammstein do this genre very well, so all metalheads (and all fans of dance metal and bands like KMFDM) should definitely check this album out!
1817;10;My brother is a big metal mainac and he  loves Rammstein, too.
1816;1;"Hotel Yorba" is the first single and it's a fun silly toe-tapper.
1816;2;They're a refreshing change from the bland middlerock that works it today.
1816;3;It's good to see that the White Stripes are linked (in the press and on amazon.com, anyway) to the Strokes.
1816;4;They're a refreshing change from the bland middlerock that works it today.
1816;5;They're a refreshing change from the bland middlerock that works it today.
1816;6;They're a refreshing change from the bland middlerock that works it today.
1816;7;One of fine example of this on the album is the superb "I'm Finding It Harder to Be a Gentleman," which contrasts the softly sung verses with hard driving musical bridges.
1816;8;And an added bonus is with a lyrics book included I can finally tell what he is saying on "Fell in Love with a Girl"
1816;9;"Hotel Yorba" is the first single and it's a fun silly toe-tapper.
1816;10;I loved Fell in Love With a Girl so I bought this album a couple months later.
1815;1;It has a great trumpet  solo and it leads right into...  "Chant of the Ever-Circling  Skeletal Family" is probably the WEIRDEST songs Bowie has ever  released, but it's a fun and short song with good guitars.
1815;2;This album combines the pathos and operatic qualities of Ziggy stardust and the edginess and roughness of Alladdin sane, while maintaining the strong melodies of both albums
1815;3;As good as it gets, probably the highlight of his career.
1815;4;This album combines the pathos and operatic qualities of Ziggy stardust and the edginess and roughness of Alladdin sane, while maintaining the strong melodies of both albums
1815;5;Regardless of whether or not you have read Orwell's novel, you'll surely love, or at least like, or at the very least, appreciate, Bowie's venture into the realm of the frightening and apocalyptic vision of the reign of the "Diamond Dogs."
1815;6;the clean bright sound of the ziggy period is gone and his sexually ambiguous personna is transforming into something more sinister and frightening.
1815;7;A great CD for the car!
1815;8;Some of his best lyrics are to be found on this album.
1815;9;Not everything is a nonsequitur - figuring out what Bowie is singing and  why is part of the fun.
1815;10;Regardless of whether or not you have read Orwell's novel, you'll surely love, or at least like, or at the very least, appreciate, Bowie's venture into the realm of the frightening and apocalyptic vision of the reign of the "Diamond Dogs."
1814;1;Fresher by far than many of the eighties hair brigade that spoiled the fun with substituting flash in place of good songs.
1814;2;But if you just want this album without the bad words, the clean version fits the bill very nicely - and does a far better job than most edited albums.
1814;3;It is funny, jammin, great riffs, great lyrics and a good time....
1814;4;Yes, he does sing a high voice, but it fits in perfectly somehow with the music and the beat of each song.
1814;5;Having read other reviews it seems incredibly important to many people whether any of the ideas on this opus are original, when really they are not and it doesn't matter anyway.
1814;6;But if you just want this album without the bad words, the clean version fits the bill very nicely - and does a far better job than most edited albums.
1814;7;This is a breath of fresh air in a barren landscape of dullsville angst driven rock music.
1814;8;Stuck In A Rut is another great track that has a catchy sound and lyrics.
1814;9;The Darkness are REAL and to the point, with killer musicianship and FUN songs.
1814;10;Giving Up that you have to hate to love that has the subject matter of gaining drugs, but if you can look past the lyrics, it's a great song.
1813;1;One thing that is good about Pearl Jam is they are not afraid to grow.
1813;2;New drummer Matt Cameron is highly talented (you might  remember him as being the driving backbeats of Soundgarden) and certainly  doesn't effect Pearl Jam in any negative way.
1813;3;One thing that is good about Pearl Jam is they are not afraid to grow.
1813;4;I remember picking this up on release day and how unique and awesome it was and still is years later.
1813;5;I remember picking this up on release day and how unique and awesome it was and still is years later.
1813;6;The album takes the oft-diverse songcraft of all the band members and cooks up a dark, spacey masterpiece in the process.
1813;7;New drummer Matt Cameron is highly talented (you might  remember him as being the driving backbeats of Soundgarden) and certainly  doesn't effect Pearl Jam in any negative way.
1813;8;Great songs, awesome riffs, great lyrics, great vox, killer gatefold artwork and overall and winner of an album.
1813;9;I remember picking this up on release day and how unique and awesome it was and still is years later.
1813;10;It has the perfect amount of Rockers and Ballads that made us fall in love with Pearl Jam in the first place.
1812;1;I had been concerned about the sound quality on these LPs - Universal Music has a very spotty track record - but they actually sound quite good...Not as good as original pressings of the source albums, but nevertheless well balanced and on good vinyl with a minimum of ticks and pops.
1812;2;All the great songs are here!
1812;3;I had been concerned about the sound quality on these LPs - Universal Music has a very spotty track record - but they actually sound quite good...Not as good as original pressings of the source albums, but nevertheless well balanced and on good vinyl with a minimum of ticks and pops.
1812;4;All the great songs are here!
1812;5;All the great songs are here!
1812;6;If you are just becoming familiar with Sinatra or you want to have a neat and clean collection of his work over time, this set is what you want.
1812;7;A wonderful trip into mastery.
1812;8;All the great songs are here!
1812;9;All the great songs are here!
1812;10;my wife loves the CDs
1811;1;He puts out a very good mix of jazz, rock & blues & plays all 3 exceptionally.
1811;2;item received on time & as described
1811;3;He puts out a very good mix of jazz, rock & blues & plays all 3 exceptionally.
1811;4;Within the concept of Martin's superb production, Jeff Beck is still let loose on such crazy workouts as "Air Blower", "Scatter Brain" and the supersonic "Freeway Jam", where the sound effects department are put to the test.
1811;5;His playing on this album is so focused that it sends chills down my spine.
1811;6;Even modern recordings rarely ever sound this good on my home system.
1811;7;Whilst other guitarists try and play 30 notes a second Beck can hold one note, bend it, add sustain, feedback & harmonics and drive you to the edge of insanity.
1811;8;I love the rawness, emotion and power including the *little* glitches left in.
1811;9;Have Fun with this one!
1811;10;I always loved this stuff, but its more about getting laid back than pumped up.
1810;1;Ingenious lyrics, great conga playing and maracas, and, as usual, fantastic vocals from emotion extraordinaire Art Garfunkel.
1810;2;I think it captures the time perfectly and it really makes you understand the pain and misfortune that occured in that wild time known as the 1960's.
1810;3;Though it's not entirely acoustic like their debut album, most of the songs are still soft and gentle enough to calm the nerves, unwind, or rock a baby to sleep with.
1810;4;Paul Simon writes  with a singular sensivity and poignancy here about the alienation and  futility of much of contemporary urban life, and in such breath-taking  efforts as "7 O'clock News/Silent Night", this is evoked with  such beauty and artfulness that one is simply moved by the genius involved  here.
1810;5;Paul Simon writes  with a singular sensivity and poignancy here about the alienation and  futility of much of contemporary urban life, and in such breath-taking  efforts as "7 O'clock News/Silent Night", this is evoked with  such beauty and artfulness that one is simply moved by the genius involved  here.
1810;6;This is one of the few albums in my parents' small mediocre record stash I had always had my eye on and subsequently "stole" when I came home for winter break my senior year of college, right after I finally got my first record player.
1810;7;Paul Simon writes  with a singular sensivity and poignancy here about the alienation and  futility of much of contemporary urban life, and in such breath-taking  efforts as "7 O'clock News/Silent Night", this is evoked with  such beauty and artfulness that one is simply moved by the genius involved  here.
1810;8;Ingenious lyrics, great conga playing and maracas, and, as usual, fantastic vocals from emotion extraordinaire Art Garfunkel.
1810;9;The Big Bright Green Pleasure Machine is a critique of the advertising industry and its bouncy beat is fun to dance along to.
1810;10;Finally I went to the CD format in the 80s  and still love listening to this treasure trove of wonderfully written,  masterfully arranged, and brilliantly executed songs by two of the best  folk singers to come out of the fabled sixties.
1809;1;My favorite Van Halen album of all time... Aggressive, fun and cocky rock n roll along with good harmonies and great hooks and riffs.
1809;2;It rocks your, well, "rocks" off, yet fills your ears with grace and beauty, especially the Pink Floyd-esque mid-section...There really isn't a bad song to be found on this record.
1809;3;The music is just good straight ahead rock and roll with nothing fancy thrown in.
1809;4;Van Halen's third album,WOMEN AND CHILDREN FIRST,is the heaviest they have ever been
1809;5;Expect a blues/folk influenced Van Halen album with good lyrics,music,and stories with the songs,and you should like this album a whole lot...P.S.If you read my review of VHII,ignore the one section of that review when I said to avoid this album if you were/are new to Van Halen-I just wasn't into this album when I wrote that review,I like it now,and I'm very grateful to have it,especially since I was lucky enough to get a copy of it on vinyl).
1809;6;and "Take your whiskey home"(not sure that is a good idea Dave)highlight Women and Children First.
1809;7;I bought Women and Children First on 8 track tape because my car had an 8-track deck in it, and I put it in.
1809;8;I have this on vinyl excellent album all songs are great my favorite is eddie playing on everybody wants some great lyrics too David Lee was the best singer but I like Hagar too
1809;9;"Everybody Wants Some", "Fools" and "Romeo Delight" are just hard rocking, fun, party songs.
1809;10;Another amazing album, love it.
1808;1;This first song demonstrates excellent song writing and construction, mixing the many elements that made Wishbone Ash such a great rock band: very tasteful and inventive twin guitars, lovely vocal harmonies, good bass and drums, and the alternation of acoustic and electric sections.
1808;2;The entire album is simply inspired, full of charm and energy..."Time Was" is followed by a fairly sad song, "Sometime World" about a lonely man who feels that the world has passed him by.
1808;3;This first song demonstrates excellent song writing and construction, mixing the many elements that made Wishbone Ash such a great rock band: very tasteful and inventive twin guitars, lovely vocal harmonies, good bass and drums, and the alternation of acoustic and electric sections.
1808;4;"Time Was" and "Sometimes World" are my favorite tracks, both of which start out as hippie acoustic folk before blooming into wicked guitar workouts.
1808;5;Ted Turner then gives us a terrific guitar solo full of the blues.
1808;6;This is a clean recording of talented musicians, and a great example of early progressive rock.
1808;7;For those listeners who love great guitar driven music different from the same old worn out hits on "classic rock" radio this album is a great starting place in the vast Wishbone Ash catalog.
1808;8;The entire album is simply inspired, full of charm and energy..."Time Was" is followed by a fairly sad song, "Sometime World" about a lonely man who feels that the world has passed him by.
1808;9;Ted Turner then gives us a terrific guitar solo full of the blues.
1808;10;I've had a love-hate relationship with this album, for 30 years, but mostly love.
1806;1;It's complete and just beautiful music that you can appreciate and enjoy in every season, in every commute or just that moment of dimming the lights after a good dinner and with your love one, dancing or just sitting together and enjoying the romantic evening...A wonderful album that I will forever cherish.
1806;2;The duet of Nat King Cole and Natalie Cole is a classic that will live on forever...Buy and enjoy!
1806;3;The CD arrived in just a few days, in great shape, good quality sound, the case intact.
1806;4;The duet of Nat King Cole and Natalie Cole is a classic that will live on forever...Buy and enjoy!
1806;5;The arrangers on this album read like a who's who in the world of production, and all made wonderful contributions.
1806;6;The duet of Nat King Cole and Natalie Cole is a classic that will live on forever...Buy and enjoy!
1806;7;It makes great driving music,  especially "Route 66".
1806;8;The lyrics are simple and innocent, a rarity in pop music today...Explore, Discuss, Enjoy.
1806;9;"Unforgettable" has influence and importance beyond being music's most famous father-daughter dance.
1806;10;It's complete and just beautiful music that you can appreciate and enjoy in every season, in every commute or just that moment of dimming the lights after a good dinner and with your love one, dancing or just sitting together and enjoying the romantic evening...A wonderful album that I will forever cherish.
1807;1;very good album with most of their hits.
1807;2;very good album with most of their hits.
1807;3;very good album with most of their hits.
1807;4;very good album with most of their hits.
1807;5;very good album with most of their hits.
1807;6;very good album with most of their hits.
1807;7;very good album with most of their hits.
1807;8;Bruce Springsteen and  John Mellencamp dream of writing lyrics as poignant and edgy as those in  "Five O'Clock World" and "Magic Town."
1807;9;very good album with most of their hits.
1807;10;I saw these guys in a concert years ago and being from NW PA myself, this cd brought back a lot of memories of growing up during those days when it seemed everyday, a new groovy band was making music and the vibe you could get from the energy then was seemingly endless- Loved just living for the day, and the vocals of the Vogues were very tight & strong and deserve a lot of appreciation in their own right.
1804;1;Keep up the good work Rush, and I did enjoy Vapor Trails.
1804;2;If you ARE a Rush fan, then note the respective attitudes of those writing the positive and negative reviews and make up your own mind.
1804;3;They are both very good.
1804;4;It took a lot of listening, but I eventually warmed up to it.
1804;5;There are those who love to listen to Rush while studying the lyric sheet.
1804;6;Very quiet and clean sounding.
1804;7;A bold piano ostinato drives "Red Tide."
1804;8;The magic of Presto lies in the midnight winter atmosphere it evokes and the finely air brushed production helps shape and define these cool, diamond like songs...On a final note, Presto contains a few of their best compositions, via The Pass (a beautiful, understated guitar piece in the middle section) and Available Light, which has another brilliant Lifeson solo
1804;9;It's not all serious: you can imagine the fun he had devising the wordplay of "Anagram (for Mongo)" (take a close look at the lyrics on this one!)
1804;10;Even those who don't like this album love this one.
1805;1;this is a fantastic 5.1 mix of a very good album.
1805;2;This is an incredible package!
1805;3;From run to you and heaven good rock songs
1805;4;This is an incredible package!
1805;5;This is an incredible package!
1805;6;This is one of the most important Rock albums of the 80s and the new recording sounds clean and clear.
1805;7;I am a big fan, and always wanted to have this cd to play in my car.
1805;8;The lyrics are included (and in great types, noth small ones!)
1805;9;What also is worth noting are the non Top 40 songs that are on this album  "Aint Gonna Cry", "Long Gone", and "She's Only Happy When She's Dancing" all merit as solid hits.
1805;10;I have always loved and adored the SACD (Super Audio Compact Disc) and the DVD-Audio high resolution audio discs.
1802;1;Quick shipment and good price.
1802;2;"Live With Me", "Jumping Jack Flash" and "Honky Tonk Women" are great performances too although I prefer the original recordings of these the best!
1802;3;Quick shipment and good price.
1802;4;Mick Taylors slide here is pure sizzle throughout this Delta blues workout and the band shows how exemplary they are when interpreting "the blooze".
1802;5;Here, the band showcases themselves as accomplished and focused musicians.
1802;6;"Live With Me", "Jumping Jack Flash" and "Honky Tonk Women" are great performances too although I prefer the original recordings of these the best!
1802;7;It is full of zest and drive and the song choice is superb.
1802;8;The Stones have always been more about emotion than anything else and the performances of "Sympathy For The Devil", "Midnight Rambler", "Love In Vain" & "Stray Cat Blues" perfectly capture and convey all their raw emotion and intensity.
1802;9;If you want to kick your party into a higher gear then this is the one for you.
1802;10;The stones not only do their own material, but give a beautiful cover to Robert Johnson's " love in vain " A Real Landmark Album
1803;1;the guys are totaly awesome on this cd good to see in concert all the songs.are just  fantastic two thumbs up
1803;2;This is more of that style.
1803;3;They vary the sounds and feels a good bit on the album while keeping their sound.
1803;4;This is more of that style.
1803;5;After the success of their comeback album Save Me, San Francisco, Train decided to stay close to California and released another album with a similar focus on the wine-growing areas outside of San Francisco.
1803;6;This is a fun album to listen to on the road or around the house.
1803;7;The album trips along really well, making it great music to play in the car on a long journey.
1803;8;I also only recently noticed scratches in the area of one of the songs I usually skip over... I don't know how these scratches came about, and how long they've been there, since I do skip that song every time....I really enjoyed learning the lyrics and the rhythms to the songs-- the CD comes with lyrics included!
1803;9;This is a fun album to listen to on the road or around the house.
1803;10;It was a well-deserved hit with its theme of romantic devotion and mid-tempo driving guitar part...Feels Good At First: This song slows down the mood in a country mood, reflecting on the fact that love feels good at first, but doesnt always feel good.
1800;1;There are some good upbeat songs with some punch (Enemies and Adrenaline) for those who like the heavier side like I do.
1800;2;There is also plenty of ballad like songs as well...It ranks 3rd on my Shinedown album list, after Madness and Whisper but still strong and Shinedown fans won't be disappointed.
1800;3;There are some good upbeat songs with some punch (Enemies and Adrenaline) for those who like the heavier side like I do.
1800;4;There is also plenty of ballad like songs as well...It ranks 3rd on my Shinedown album list, after Madness and Whisper but still strong and Shinedown fans won't be disappointed.
1800;5;There is also plenty of ballad like songs as well...It ranks 3rd on my Shinedown album list, after Madness and Whisper but still strong and Shinedown fans won't be disappointed.
1800;6;There is also plenty of ballad like songs as well...It ranks 3rd on my Shinedown album list, after Madness and Whisper but still strong and Shinedown fans won't be disappointed.
1800;7;This album is fantastic and hasn't left the cd player in my car since I got it.
1800;8;They've never really went too far with their lyrics, and that is a band that I can easily get into..."Leave a Whisper" is my favorite Shinedown album, hands down.
1800;9;The whole album is fun to listen to, just like their earlier stuff.
1800;10;i bought this for my husband and he loves it.
1801;1;One of the greatest overtures ever composed, it has a fantastic sound and builds in emotion as you listen to the wonderful orchestra move from The Man That Got Away, right into The Trolley Song, gliding into Over The Rainbow and wrapping up with a return to The Man That Got Away.
1801;2;Considering the eventual outcome of her life, the rendition captured on this cd of "OVER THE RAINBOW" is sad and yet a beautiful glimpse into the soul of a sad soul.
1801;3;Her voice is like no one else's voice and her voice is so smooth and velvetty it gives you goosebumps she can sing, dance, act, and she was extraordinarily talented it is a shame that she is gone 
1801;4;Garland then goes on to sing 26 songs, including some jazz, and wows the audience with her performance.
1801;5;Garland then goes on to sing 26 songs, including some jazz, and wows the audience with her performance.
1801;6;What a splendid way to spend an evening at home listening to Judy sing at Carnegie Hall.
1801;7;Judy spills it all to take everyone on a magical trip.
1801;8;The emotion and mature intensity from the vocal performance captured on this collection is truly brilliant and amazing.
1801;9;Her voice is like no one else's voice and her voice is so smooth and velvetty it gives you goosebumps she can sing, dance, act, and she was extraordinarily talented it is a shame that she is gone 
1801;10;Judy singing deep for heart & soul as only she could at her peak in front of what she loved most...her audience!
1798;1;happy girl here and arrived right on time!
1798;2;happy girl here and arrived right on time!
1798;3;It's good solid it stays flowing through the whole album nothing seems out of place and overall quite impressed with the sound of this album
1798;4;happy girl here and arrived right on time!
1798;5;happy girl here and arrived right on time!
1798;6;happy girl here and arrived right on time!
1798;7;We love it and listen to it several times a day while in the car
1798;8;The songs combine well developed lyrics with well timed guitars and quality singing.
1798;9;happy girl here and arrived right on time!
1798;10;took a couple of times ... sounds great
1799;1;A lot of emotions inside those songs.
1799;2;From the acoustic guitar picking and strumming, to the violin's being beautifully bowed, to the song "Cheers Darlin'" where a clarinet is cleverly played ending with a piano that is played as if it were sad.
1799;3;Both of their voices, particularly his, are breathtaking, and the variation of instruments used will leave you astounded that there are only two people in this group...the album starts out calm with the aptly titled Delicate.
1799;4;I own all of his albums and even his rare and unreleased work and I just can't get enough.
1799;5;I own all of his albums and even his rare and unreleased work and I just can't get enough.
1799;6;This song triggered emotions in me that made the movie that much more enjoyable, and rewarding to watch...  So, after I came home from the movie, I hoped on the web and searched the web for the artist who wrote this song.
1799;7;There is real sense of honesty and boiling to the bone with this work, even the cover is recycled card with none of the usual hard plastic wallet, and the art work is frank and bold... This is not to say it is the kind of music to drive you to Prozac, there is a positive, sensibility throughout making the work captivating and self affirming... It has all the hallmarks of a classic album to inform us of finer feeling.
1799;8;Some artists write radio-friendly songs full of catchy lyrics and addictive melodies.
1799;9;I own all of his albums and even his rare and unreleased work and I just can't get enough.
1799;10;This song has deep meaning for me for listening to it helps express exactly the way I felt the day my first love (not first girlfriend, first love) broke my heart.
1796;1;I highly recommend it for anyone who enjoys a fantastic fun concert with the most beautiful voices.
1796;2;He can sing anything in any language and I would love listening to it . . .
1796;3;this cd is good, we like it and listen to it, it gives a nice different sound to the cd's we usually listen to
1796;4;He can sing anything in any language and I would love listening to it . . .
1796;5;I have read some other reviews that are not positive, and I agree with some of the points:.
1796;6;He can sing anything in any language and I would love listening to it . . .
1796;7;Carries this everywhere she goes in her car.
1796;8;Andrea Bocelli is a pleasure to listen to in English or Italian
1796;9;I highly recommend it for anyone who enjoys a fantastic fun concert with the most beautiful voices.
1796;10;He can sing anything in any language and I would love listening to it . . .
1797;1;Over All a very good CD
1797;2;'Casanova' will always be my favorite with it being my introduction to this man's fascinating voice!!!
1797;3;Over All a very good CD
1797;4;'Casanova' will always be my favorite with it being my introduction to this man's fascinating voice!!!
1797;5;'Casanova' will always be my favorite with it being my introduction to this man's fascinating voice!!!
1797;6;Well Gerald God called home, RIP Teddy bear,  your great work will never go in vain
1797;7;'Casanova' will always be my favorite with it being my introduction to this man's fascinating voice!!!
1797;8;'Baby Hold On To Me' still has its mesmeric hold with the endearing lyrics that make you wanna be with the one you love.
1797;9;'Casanova' will always be my favorite with it being my introduction to this man's fascinating voice!!!
1797;10;I love and miss you, my precious Teddy Bear.
1794;1;If in the Christian faith Cash believed so deeply in, it's true there is sure redemption for the righteous following judgment (as the good book says), I suspect Johnny Cash and his beloved June are enjoying quite a reunion right about now...This is without a doubt one of the saddest records I've ever listened to.
1794;2;This was made near his end and so has that sad context, making it all the more powerful.
1794;3;It reveals the heart of a man who is alone and a tortured soul, but he is finally experiencing peace...I'm not sure if this is quite as good overall as "American IV" in terms of music and general dynamics, but if you aren't truly moved by this album, you probably need a kick-start to your heart.
1794;4;Certainly I rate his albums with five stars ever since he signed with Rick Rubin because I feel that everything he has done with Rubin is absolutely sterling.
1794;5;Just reading the song titles, makes one pause and wonder: did he know?
1794;6;Certainly I rate his albums with five stars ever since he signed with Rick Rubin because I feel that everything he has done with Rubin is absolutely sterling.
1794;7;Certainly I rate his albums with five stars ever since he signed with Rick Rubin because I feel that everything he has done with Rubin is absolutely sterling.
1794;8;This is J.R. Cash's last album
1794;9;Johnny was richly rewarded by his association with Rubin and together they struck a friendship and trust that endured till the end.
1794;10;One can hear his age in the songs yet it speaks of man who lived life and found love only having to let go too soon.
1795;1;The first DVD has the whole show that it's outstanding, but what I really enjoyed is the second DVD with the interviews and the tour "Behind the Iron Curtain".
1795;2;That's too bad, because the band gives another great performance.
1795;3;One of the greatest Maiden performances, from the good old days!!
1795;4;The first DVD has the whole show that it's outstanding, but what I really enjoyed is the second DVD with the interviews and the tour "Behind the Iron Curtain".
1795;5;Every page is hear and you are able to read all the text.
1795;6;It looks so crisp and clean.
1795;7;I saw Maiden for the first time on the Powerslave tour and this set is a fine trip down memory lane.
1795;8;That's too bad, because the band gives another great performance.
1795;9;Anyway, that's what so great about Iron Maiden DVD releases--there's always so much interesting and fun extra stuff added in to a concert that could easily have been an awesome release all on its own.
1795;10;I love all of the extra stuff they put in for the fans.
1792;1;Doesnt matter if you don't care for opera, if you love singers with passion in their voices, you will enjoy this CD.
1792;2;He's here for a reason, and we should all bathe in his humility and allow it to cleanse us the divisions and cynicism to which we often succumb...Paul Potts is also an example to all those who think they are "insignifant" (as he once did) that they have value.
1792;3;Paul Potts has a divine vocal instrument and this is an especially good recording.
1792;4;He's here for a reason, and we should all bathe in his humility and allow it to cleanse us the divisions and cynicism to which we often succumb...Paul Potts is also an example to all those who think they are "insignifant" (as he once did) that they have value.
1792;5;For me, that makes the CD even more special because I can focus on the emotion and not the lyrics...  Here are my favorites and my thoughts:.
1792;6;A shy, humble man from great Britain, fills our home with a strong, beautiful tenor's tone.
1792;7;It is wonderful to drive and listen to Paul and de-stress from the push of the world.
1792;8;For me, that makes the CD even more special because I can focus on the emotion and not the lyrics...  Here are my favorites and my thoughts:.
1792;9;He's here for a reason, and we should all bathe in his humility and allow it to cleanse us the divisions and cynicism to which we often succumb...Paul Potts is also an example to all those who think they are "insignifant" (as he once did) that they have value.
1792;10;Doesnt matter if you don't care for opera, if you love singers with passion in their voices, you will enjoy this CD.
1793;1;While that release featured very good 24-bit remastering by Dave McEowen, the mastering on this 2008 release is even better yet!
1793;2;The songs are so romantic and tender.
1793;3;While that release featured very good 24-bit remastering by Dave McEowen, the mastering on this 2008 release is even better yet!
1793;4;The songs are so romantic and tender.
1793;5;The songs are so romantic and tender.
1793;6;The songs are so romantic and tender.
1793;7;love it, love kenny rogers.......it's the only cd in my car that I keep playing over and over
1793;8;If there is any musician out there who can sing about love, in the most wonderful lyrics, you have ever heard of, it's Kenny Rogers.
1793;9;An not a big fun of Country music, but with Kenny Rogers, it's another stroy.
1793;10;The songs are so romantic and tender.
2032;1;Pax  Deorum sounds really good.
2032;2;There are also instrumental songs like "Tea House Moon", which I can perfectly imagine as background music during a Japanese tea ceremony...The album design is exquisite, with Enya wearing a royal blue velvet robe created by Elizabeth Emanuel exclusively for the photo shoot, which makes her look like an eternal Celtic goddess in her golden throne.
2032;3;Pax  Deorum sounds really good.
2032;4;This disc also comes with a bonus booklet with  some very beautiful pictures of Enya, many I've never seen elsewhere, with  japanese writing all over it.
2032;5;Born is Donegal, Ireland, Enya studied classical music under private tuition until she was discovered by producer Nicky Ryan.
2032;6;Still, despite an excellent set of opening songs, the album  seemed to bog down into too many ballads towards the end ('La Sonadora',  although introducing Spanish to Enya's vocabulary, went on and on and on),  despite the presence of the rousing 'On my way home' as a closing song.
2032;7;This disc also comes with a bonus booklet with  some very beautiful pictures of Enya, many I've never seen elsewhere, with  japanese writing all over it.
2032;8;The vocal  layering and music form an absolutely magical sound that is uniquely Enya's  own
2032;9;The Christmassy lead single, 'Anywhere Is', set the tone  excellently - an extremely simple and addictive tune, repeated constantly,  it was fun, and not at all serious.
2032;10;I had this CD and I bought it now for a friend who loved it!!!
2033;1;It's a powerful song, with apparent voice layering, amazing instrumentation, and a very good beat.
2033;2;The piano (and later some other instrument) ballad "Athair Ar Neamh" is a sad but beautiful sung tune, full of yearning.
2033;3;It's a powerful song, with apparent voice layering, amazing instrumentation, and a very good beat.
2033;4;Part of what makes this song so successful is the abundant rhyming
2033;5;Born is Donegal, Ireland, Enya studied classical music under private tuition until she was discovered by producer Nicky Ryan.
2033;6;Still, despite an excellent set of opening songs, the album  seemed to bog down into too many ballads towards the end ('La Sonadora',  although introducing Spanish to Enya's vocabulary, went on and on and on),  despite the presence of the rousing 'On my way home' as a closing song.
2033;7;Part of what makes this song so successful is the abundant rhyming
2033;8;It features some of the grander elements of songs like "Angeles" and "Caribbean Blue" from Shepherd Moons, incorporating sweeping, drawn out stanzas and peaceful, heartfelt lyrics.
2033;9;The Christmassy lead single, 'Anywhere Is', set the tone  excellently - an extremely simple and addictive tune, repeated constantly,  it was fun, and not at all serious.
2033;10;"Hope Has a Place," is romantic, true to life, and, judging from the way Enya sings it, very introspective.
2034;1;Wonderful...I also have to say that I'm happy country/folk/oldtime/bluegrass is going strong.
2034;2;There isn't a bad track, they all are beautifully recorded and their voices blend together like coffee and cream.
2034;3;There isn't a bad track, they all are beautifully recorded and their voices blend together like coffee and cream.
2034;4;A few other great tracks:.
2034;5;A few other great tracks:.
2034;6;I loved Rodney so much back, way back I named my little red datsun, yep, before they were called Nissan's, Rodney Red Car, & it brought us from CA to WA my husbands home of birth, where our sons were all born & raised on the same Island we all still live on.
2034;7;A few other great tracks:.
2034;8;There isn't a bad track, they all are beautifully recorded and their voices blend together like coffee and cream.
2034;9;And they obviously have a great friendship.
2034;10;I have to say I prefer this album to Rodney's solo stuff (no offense) and I love what he adds to Emmylou's music, although I love everything she does.
2035;1;Generally I enjoy Britney most when she sounds like she's having a good time recording the songs, and the following songs are so fresh and fun that they alone earned my 5 star rating:.
2035;2;There's really not a single bad track...The Deluxe edition has two bonus tracks that are really freakin' amazing.
2035;3;This is a good song to listen to when you want to relax for the day because she beautifully sings about how much she loves her baby.
2035;4;lol but now I find it a bit cute, and the rest of the song is great...Radar - also featured on Blackout, when I hear this it reminds me of a modern day Bob Fosse production w/top-hat-and-cane, and I find it a great workout song...Also the song "Rock Me In" (Deluxe Edition bonus track) is simply incredible.
2035;5;.7) Unusual you 5/5: Another well written ballad, but with a heavy techno twist.
2035;6;.7) Unusual you 5/5: Another well written ballad, but with a heavy techno twist.
2035;7;a great album to listen to while you're driving, on your computer, on an airplane, etc.
2035;8;The lyrics are really unique and the whole feel of this song is awesome..."Blur" is the album's other slower song, and it ain't half bad.
2035;9;I am a dancer, and her music is fun to dance to.
2035;10;Girlfriends been working it and I am LOVING it!
2036;1;I was impressed with there being more of a "magical" feeling to the music, especially with the use of the flute on "Scavenger" and "Rey's Theme"...Also worthy of note is that I enjoyed how John Williams takes the familiar Star Wars themes and expands upon them, moving creatively in different directions.
2036;2;A mix of older tracks with some great new one.
2036;3;At first I was underwhelmed by this score, but after a couple of listens with some good headphones it really started to take shape.
2036;4;A mix of older tracks with some great new one.
2036;5;Thank you, John Williams, if you ever read my review for all of the wonderful music that you have created.
2036;6;To sum it up, the music while rooted in the Star Wars classic themes, has a refreshing, magical, and newness to it and I feel this score is more accessible to listeners then others before it...It feels like taking a piece of Star Wars The Force Awakens home with me.
2036;7;Farewell and The Trip (recapitulation).23.
2036;8;Several tracks here are still really good as "stand alones" Tracks 16 and 21 come to mind...Perhaps the only thing that keeps ESB a notch above is the Imperial March.
2036;9;I have to admit that the hologram thing is little gimmicky, but it is a lot of fun for the whole family, and I have come to appreciate it!
2036;10;The music is high powered, love the separation and headroom.
2037;1;Waited along time...Finally this came...I'm happy with the selection and will always enjoy her music...Some have tried to copy her and it just can't be done...
2037;2;After a quiet decade, In Your Dreams arrives out of the blue, an absolute gem.
2037;3;"In Your Dreams" is an upbeat tune that puts me in a good mood.
2037;4;Her last album, TROUBLE IN SHANGRI-LA, showed her musing on more realistic themes, such as how we tend to take inspiration from famous sports stars in order to keep our weight down, only to find out that they're only human, but here she returns to the more mystical themes of her early work.
2037;5;I suggest.buying the album no matter what you hear or read as negative and pretend you sitting around a camp fire at night and Stevie Nicks is telling us her stories in song with some of the best Choice musicians accompaning her from the dark trees shadow surrounding the camp fire.
2037;6;She's the opposite of some rockstar turning out cookie cutter lyrics because s/he lives in a glass house and doesn't know any better...From beginning to end this CD is full of brilliant lyrics and outstanding music plus a unique delivery from someone who really feels her songs.
2037;7;And let her take us on another Fairy Tale trip,she has alway been famous for pitching us out of the nightmare of this world "This is not the real world", "well the angel said ,well you must have had a dream and the dream followed thru.
2037;8;The new lyrics added to the original track  really complete and fit the song..."Annabel Lee" ~ This was demo'd for 2001's "Trouble In Shangri-La" but didn't make the cut.
2037;9;Some artists go off and do "theme" albums in their career, be it a dance or covers album or in the 70's for instance everyone did a disco album at some point.
2037;10;This song has a romantic tone that is pleasant to listen to.
2038;1;Sam Cooke is an artist from my younger days and all the songs on this CD bring back happy times and good memories.
2038;2;Happy songs, sad songs,  dancing songs, protest songs
2038;3;"The Man and His Music" is a good addition to this collection, and if a tune or two is missing from your collection you may have to do like I did and go searching till you have it all.
2038;4;And Cooke does rock for real on the classic R&B-workouts "Twistin' The Night Away" and "Having A Party".
2038;5;Truly...I have read that he was friends with the fantastic Otis Redding.
2038;6;"The Man and His Music" is a good addition to this collection, and if a tune or two is missing from your collection you may have to do like I did and go searching till you have it all.
2038;7;"The Man and His Music" is a good addition to this collection, and if a tune or two is missing from your collection you may have to do like I did and go searching till you have it all.
2038;8;Happy songs, sad songs,  dancing songs, protest songs
2038;9;i love this cd is great soulful music i like grooves to just sit back and relax let the music take control of u it also can make u want to move too go on and dance to fun to do
2038;10;I love Sam Cooke and this is a wonderful version of some of his greatest hits.
2039;1;I love how most of it is nonstop fun punk, and how the songs are just very good.
2039;2;......THIS album it's just great...it tells you sad stories from a bunch of east bay punkers,nice chorus,great music,....maybe this album Put'em directly to the mainstream....but give 'em a breake suckas.....this is one of the punkest gems of all times,....when you're kids become punks...and will listen to Fat Mike's grandsons,this album will be kinda like Nevermind the Bollocks.....A webo.....
2039;3;The chorus isn't bad but is nothing special, however, the chorus will be stuck in your head for weeks...Daly City Train 8/10- Good song that has a catchy chorus...Journey to the End of the East Bay 8/10- The intro is nothing special but when the singing starts it becomes a very good song...She's Automatic 7/10- A solid track but not a standout on this album.
2039;4;It's amazing how every song sounds different, when they're using the same 3 chords throughout the whole CD.
2039;5;It's amazing how every song sounds different, when they're using the same 3 chords throughout the whole CD.
2039;6;It's amazing how every song sounds different, when they're using the same 3 chords throughout the whole CD.
2039;7;It's amazing how every song sounds different, when they're using the same 3 chords throughout the whole CD.
2039;8;This album is so energic and has catchy songs in a pure punk-style with interesting lyrics
2039;9;It's agressive and anarchist, but the lyrics always contain undertiones of strong family values, drug-free-ness, friendships, and territorial pride.
2039;10;But I love ska, and I love punk, and Rancid does the best job of blending the two since Operation Ivy (a band that just happened to have Matt and Tim from Rancid).
2040;1;I really enjoy this album.
2040;2;The words are kind of a common ground between pain and hope...This album may have a couple songs that are more accessible to the mainstream but definitely not because the band made them to be that way.
2040;3;The rest of the tracks are all good just from the first listen, but they are somewhat similar to each other.
2040;4;My favorite songs are "my heart is broken" and "swimming home".
2040;5;I really enjoy this album.
2040;6;"Swimming Home" is an excellent track, despite its downtempo style.
2040;7;While still driven by the strong dark emotions that have defined the groups work, this new album conceives of and expresses them from a new perspective...Along with strong imagery and soaring vocals from Amy Lee, the new album probably has the best instrumentation Evanesence has yet had.
2040;8;You can definitely hear more depth when it comes to the emotions and meaning of the track.
2040;9;Say You Will - Another catchy and fun song.
2040;10;If you love them you should defiantly get this album.
2041;1;Yeah, this is what I love to call this DVD, Good Times, No Bad Times... Ten Years of The Best Hard Rock In The World.
2041;2;This Greatest Hits CD is stellar.
2041;3;Yeah, this is what I love to call this DVD, Good Times, No Bad Times... Ten Years of The Best Hard Rock In The World.
2041;4;This Greatest Hits CD is stellar.
2041;5;This Greatest Hits CD is stellar.
2041;6;This Greatest Hits CD is stellar.
2041;7;Sounds so great in the car too!!!
2041;8;This Greatest Hits CD is stellar.
2041;9;This Greatest Hits CD is stellar.
2041;10;Yeah, this is what I love to call this DVD, Good Times, No Bad Times... Ten Years of The Best Hard Rock In The World.
2042;1;There's always people that have to be critics and never happy, just be glad that Megadeth is still rocking and making good music.
2042;2;The negative reviews seem to be wanting Dave and crew to sound like they did 20 years ago.
2042;3;This is not exactly like the early Megadeth speed/thrash metal, but its very good solid heavy metal and the lyrics are really good and very intense.
2042;4;There is some great thrash in this album and some great metal and hard rock songs.
2042;5;There is some great thrash in this album and some great metal and hard rock songs.
2042;6;There is some great thrash in this album and some great metal and hard rock songs.
2042;7;There is some great thrash in this album and some great metal and hard rock songs.
2042;8;This is not exactly like the early Megadeth speed/thrash metal, but its very good solid heavy metal and the lyrics are really good and very intense.
2042;9;It's actually fun to see them putting a cover song on an album, it's like the old days of peace sells.
2042;10;Any true deth fan will love this record, its definitely in the top 5 albums for me in there discography.
2043;1;These are very good songs that are extremely catchy and powerful, But the more I listened the more I enjoyed some other tracks such as A Praise Chorus, The authority Song,My Sundown and especially If you don't, don't.
2043;2;I am the type of music fan that loves music which shows emotion, and that it why I highly recommend and encourage everyone on the fence deciding whether to buy a Jimmy Eat World album please do so if you love emotional music that can make you dance and feel happy and then the next song make you feel their pain and sadness.
2043;3;its a good cd to listen to in the car
2043;4;It's a good song to blast while you're driving or playing sports.
2043;5;It's more of a ballad type song and it's an amazing song.
2043;6;Your House=A pretty good soft tune.
2043;7;its a good cd to listen to in the car
2043;8;This album has everything, and great lyrics as well.
2043;9;It just sounds so fun.
2043;10;I picked this up when it was first released back this summer, I loved the title track and a few others for the first couple of months I had it in my possession, then forgot all about it untill a few weeks ago.
2044;1;Face of Melinda is a classic live staple of theirs and for good reason.
2044;2;Opeth and Pain of Salvation are two metal bands that are completely unique and wonderful.
2044;3;Face of Melinda is a classic live staple of theirs and for good reason.
2044;4;Still Life is my favorite Opeth album, closely followed by Blackwater Park and that's saying something because everything these guys have put out is instant gold.
2044;5;The packaging is nice as well, and Mikael's short essay on "making of" is fun to read as well.
2044;6;I wasn't quickly won over by Still Life, hearing more clean vocals than I cared for and resisting changes to a band I liked as it was.
2044;7;In the meanwhile, Still Life approaches perfection - the band's signature blend of raw strength and beautiful finesse, both within and between songs, kerfeldt's genius on guitar and surprisingly good metal lyrics, and the loose plot that drives this concept album make it a must-own for any Opeth fan or open-minded music aficionado in general.
2044;8;In the meanwhile, Still Life approaches perfection - the band's signature blend of raw strength and beautiful finesse, both within and between songs, kerfeldt's genius on guitar and surprisingly good metal lyrics, and the loose plot that drives this concept album make it a must-own for any Opeth fan or open-minded music aficionado in general.
2044;9;The packaging is nice as well, and Mikael's short essay on "making of" is fun to read as well.
2044;10;If you loved "Demon of the Fall", this is for you.
2045;1;"Nu-Guns" features a very interesting solo by Daron on what sounds like some Eastern string instrument, "Ego-Brain" might be the prettiest song this band has come up with yet, and "Bubbles" is ... one of MANY strong tracks - this whole abum flows well from start to end...Overall, Steal This Album is not as good as the debut, but it's still a damn good bunch of songs from one of the few interesting hard rock/metal bands out there.
2045;2;Some of the songs are sorta bad but a lot are good though.
2045;3;Some of the songs are sorta bad but a lot are good though.
2045;4;And while they are very popular now, I have a feeling that they will still enjoy a wealth of die-hard fans well into the future while the Disturbed's and Mudvayne's are having trouble packing in the sports bars.
2045;5;Yes, you read that right.
2045;6;i don't have mesmerize yet but this is SOAD's best one yet.
2045;7;Lots of very powerful songs, but also with driving melodies and captivating lyrics.
2045;8;:this song replaces it music with some vocals which is not bad, but i love it how he half sings half talks through out the song and the lyrics are very interesting to.
2045;9;I-E-A-I-A-I-O - Strange song, but really kinda fun and addictive the first couple times you listen to it.
2045;10;thats why i love this band, they are different.
2046;1;I didn't enjoy the live second disc as much although I thought "Crossroads" was fantastic and worth the purchase of the whole set alone...This album is required listening for all aspiring rock guitarists and together with "Disraeli Gears" surely ranks among the top 25 all-time great classic albums of all time and this DCC Gold release for the sound quality alone makes this an easy review...Highly recommended!
2046;2;SITTING ON TOP OF THE WORLD and BORN UNDER A BAD SIGN continue the great English pattern of bringing out the best of the older blues guitar player's.
2046;3;Born Under a Bad Sign is one of the three superb covers, and Deserted Cities of the Heart is a very good tune with a great title...The second disc is made up of four live cuts, the first and best being classic Crossroads.
2046;4;White Room is deserving of its classic (with a really good, intricate drum workout by Ginger Baker), and As You Said is another gentle, charming song.
2046;5;In other words, both songs appeal on a childish level...listening to a soothing bedtime story read by someone with a soothing voice.
2046;6;houses a special cover with the albums recording info on the outside & on the inside the.LP's colorful pyschedelic centerfold.
2046;7;They are essential, bluesy rock classics...I feel totally at home when I hear this stuff - I always listen to this many times when on a road trip: can't imagine travel without it...You know, I haven't even mentioned Train Time - blow that harmonica, son!
2046;8;SITTING ON TOP OF THE WORLD and BORN UNDER A BAD SIGN continue the great English pattern of bringing out the best of the older blues guitar player's.
2046;9;As well as a showcase for the lyrics of Pete Brown who later went on to record the excellent 'Things may come and things may go but the art school dance goes on forever', the first album of this double set contains the excellent menacing 'Politician', of course the ever popular 'White Room' and could well have been an album in it's own right and was released as two separate albums as well as a double in the UK.
2046;10;I feel a whole seven minutes could've been cut from Toad, then I would've loved it...This is my favorite Cream album, with some great improvs.
2047;1;I see children in the audience sharing their enjoyment with the grown-ups...Damian seems to know how to enjoy his youth, and compliment his elders with good manners.
2047;2;What an outstanding selection of Celtic Songs (bordering on, but not quite Blue Grass Celtic)...just off the charts wonderful music...and a must have for any complete Music Library.
2047;3;There is a good mix of Celtic songs and a few others which aren't.
2047;4;This is a great addition to the collection.
2047;5;Students studying English Literature need only listen to these and sing along - a guaranteed A-plus!
2047;6;The "Take Me Home" DVD favors the repeating of much of the "The Show" DVD/CD as well as the "Act Two" CD
2047;7;Music is fun, uplifting, and makes great traveling music.
2047;8;I love the music, their energy, their emotions, and their wonderful personalities.
2047;9;Lots of fun songs and emotional  ones as well.
2047;10;I love Celtic Thunder and especially the more traditional Irish music.
2017;1;I've truly enjoyed his renditions of "My Romance," "The Way You Look Tonight" and "The Nearness of You."
2017;2;His next album, Mud slide Slim and the blue horizon, yielded another huge American hit - You've got a friend, which also made the UK top five and remains his only major UK hit.
2017;3;He won't put you to sleep, but his voice and choice of songs just make you feel real good.
2017;4;He is joined by a great line-up of musicians and guest singers, who are all his long-time collaborators during the three decades of his musical career, the likes of Carole King, Joni Mitchell, David Sanborn, Michael Brecker and Ralph McDonald, to mention a few..."Surprising how casual it all was.
2017;5;He is joined by a great line-up of musicians and guest singers, who are all his long-time collaborators during the three decades of his musical career, the likes of Carole King, Joni Mitchell, David Sanborn, Michael Brecker and Ralph McDonald, to mention a few..."Surprising how casual it all was.
2017;6;Each of them marvelously rendered a James Taylor song to the enjoyment of the audience and home viewers as well.
2017;7;"Sweet Baby James" combines allusions to the lonely quiet of cowboy life and modern highway driving with marvelous poetry.
2017;8;JT is that special individual who has managed to carve out his own unique sound and his works are able to evoke great emotion out of his listeners with the ability to transport them to other worlds.
2017;9;He is joined by a great line-up of musicians and guest singers, who are all his long-time collaborators during the three decades of his musical career, the likes of Carole King, Joni Mitchell, David Sanborn, Michael Brecker and Ralph McDonald, to mention a few..."Surprising how casual it all was.
2017;10;Yes, I'm one of the myriad of fans who loved all of his recordings, enough to listen to it and enough to allow the recordings to continue.
2016;1;At least we have their music to enjoy!
2016;2;The energy with which he sings Beat The Bastards, Pandemic and Bucket Full of Hate is astounding, contagious...I am just sad that I've missed their show here in Sao Paulo...but I hope they come up with a live album from the tour and come back with a new disc soon.
2016;3;And the one element that is possibly most important - good old fashioned anger!
2016;4;powerful and masterful guitar work.
2016;5;Several months ago I read that Accept had finished their new opus and it has been worth the wait.
2016;6;The songs are fantastic and the production clean but with punch.
2016;7;I love records that have tons of energy and drive behind them, Accept's Blood of the Nations certainly fulfills my need.
2016;8;The music is amazing, the lyrics are full of emotion and what can I say about Frank Tornillo's voice besides, WOW!
2016;9;Every song is well written and just fun to listen to.
2016;10;This was my favorite album of 2010...whether you are a fan of the original Accept, or just love good metal.
2019;1;The emotions  run  wild and uncontrolled, a gamut encompassing guilt, anger, cynicism,  bitterness, self-deprecation, and lust all the way to sadness, humor,  altruism, and at last, optimism.
2019;2;Like hearing it for the first time.
2019;3;The best comparison I can make to another album is "Every Good Boy Deserves Favour" by the Moody Blues.
2019;4;The album's 8-minute title track effortlessly fuses the folk and rock elements with Ian Anderson's tender acoustic opening followed by a stellar hard-rock workout with great guitar work from Martin Barre and tight ensemble playing.
2019;5;Just reading the lyrics to this album alone is a revelation.
2019;6;The remastering is so crisp, clean, and clear that you can hear every single sonic detail, from Anderson's acoustic guitar to Barrie Barlow's subtle percussion.
2019;7;Minstrel is a must for true fans, those who look for car driving music need not apply!!!
2019;8;The emotions  run  wild and uncontrolled, a gamut encompassing guilt, anger, cynicism,  bitterness, self-deprecation, and lust all the way to sadness, humor,  altruism, and at last, optimism.
2019;9;The DVD video is fun.
2019;10;To be quite honest, at first listen, I dismissed this album as awful, but I took a look at the album artwork and I had a devastating hunch that I was going to totally love it, and so it happened.
2018;1;Really good album IMHO, textured, complex and exquisite music.
2018;2;This album is bit more subdued then his last three recent previous releases, but works well due to the intelligent contemplative lyrics.
2018;3;Really good album IMHO, textured, complex and exquisite music.
2018;4;This album is bit more subdued then his last three recent previous releases, but works well due to the intelligent contemplative lyrics.
2018;5;This album is bit more subdued then his last three recent previous releases, but works well due to the intelligent contemplative lyrics.
2018;6;This CD has been played a lot in my house.
2018;7;This is another fine journey into life as interpreted by Mr. Knopfler - and what a trip it is.
2018;8;This album is bit more subdued then his last three recent previous releases, but works well due to the intelligent contemplative lyrics.
2018;9;Some tunes have a happy lilt, some speak of Scotland, some are suitable for a pub, with beer and banger, some are reminiscent of early Bob Dylan, some are dances, some are country-Western flavored, but despite the wide variety all are comfortable and full of life and tap the human condition.
2018;10;The styles are so varied and the album feels very "big"...I love his guitar playing more than anyone else on Earth but I love his writing more.
2021;1;The reviews attached to this album perfectly illustrate how hard it is for an uncompromising indie band with a devoted cult following to compromise a little (but not a lot) and make a good album (but not their best), and still manage to make everyone (or even most everyone) remotely happy...First of all, I'll say it right up front: 3.5 stars average review?
2021;2;The vocals run the gamut of sounding happy, sad, angry, and everything in between, depending on the song.
2021;3;Obviously World at Large and Float on are the key songs, but the rest of the album is mellow enough to chill out a bad day and upbeat enough to start a good one.
2021;4;I've always been heavily into music, films, and good TV, but the minute to minute demands of taking care of our beautiful daughter has greatly curtailed my time for leisure over the last few years.
2021;5;I don't think the allegedly more polished and "commercial" sound of MM's last few albums including this one detracts from these songs -  they're pretty original and great...There are a few minor quibbles I would make (precious, overly sensitive MM die-hards can stop reading now and hit "not helpful").
2021;6;A gently plucked banjo & dirty dozen horns place this song into the Cassanova category, but thankfully it found a home on this record.
2021;7;This a great album that could play through at a cocktail party or listened to while driving or studying..."Good News" still feels like Modest Mouse and this is good news to long time Fans.
2021;8;- bury me with it (good simply for its lyrics at the end "good news for people who love bad news...we are hummingbirds who've lost the plot and will not move...).
2021;9;"The View" sounds like kind of like dance music.
2021;10;Modest Mouse is hard to love.
2020;1;As with any greatest hits album nobody is happy as I wanted to see "Footsteps", "Brain of J.", and "Habit" on here as well, but with or without its still a good summary of this wonderful bands career.
2020;2;This is a greatest hits albumn of the greatest American Band ever.....so how could it be bad.
2020;3;As with any greatest hits album nobody is happy as I wanted to see "Footsteps", "Brain of J.", and "Habit" on here as well, but with or without its still a good summary of this wonderful bands career.
2020;4;As with any greatest hits album nobody is happy as I wanted to see "Footsteps", "Brain of J.", and "Habit" on here as well, but with or without its still a good summary of this wonderful bands career.
2020;5;As with any greatest hits album nobody is happy as I wanted to see "Footsteps", "Brain of J.", and "Habit" on here as well, but with or without its still a good summary of this wonderful bands career.
2020;6;As with any greatest hits album nobody is happy as I wanted to see "Footsteps", "Brain of J.", and "Habit" on here as well, but with or without its still a good summary of this wonderful bands career.
2020;7;It's a trip down memory lane in a big way.
2020;8;This is a greatest hits albumn of the greatest American Band ever.....so how could it be bad.
2020;9;As with any greatest hits album nobody is happy as I wanted to see "Footsteps", "Brain of J.", and "Habit" on here as well, but with or without its still a good summary of this wonderful bands career.
2020;10;It's good to get most of these collected in one place...So 'rearviewmirror' provides plenty of new and challenging material for casual fans, while still giving them all the hits they love.
2023;1;But there they are, songs that one can consistently enjoys practicing one's musical instruments with, or singing along to, or just to enjoy a good dance.
2023;2;Stewart's best work since "Vagabond Heart" back in 1990, with very similar Scottish-tinged arrangements...He sings about the exuberance of love and the pain and disappointment of divorce in a way that truly resonates...And yes, the Bonus songs on the deluxe version are indeed worth the few extra dollars!
2023;3;this is a very good CD, if you like Rod Stewart, it is nothing exciting but just good music, sung in Rod Stewart style.
2023;4;I am in awe of his talent.
2023;5;I am in awe of his talent.
2023;6;I am in awe of his talent.
2023;7;I cherish the cd and it's top on my driving list!
2023;8;He knows how to organize the words & lyrics to make it a great performance!
2023;9;but this material is without doubt some of the best stuff he's ever written... his voice is still soulful enough to make.your heart melt and the faster paced songs will make you want to get up and dance just like the old days... but lyrically,.
2023;10;"Make Love To Me Tonight" and "Pure Love" lead off the album on two epic yet swooning romantic notes...  After all this time away from the songwriting game,one might think Rod Stewart's ability to craft songs that possessed the musical and emotional wallop of his early solo career might not be possible.
2022;1;He really does a good job in singing with feeling and emotion.
2022;2;Just the right combination of pep and sad.
2022;3;Not as good as deirks but he is upcoming and good
2022;4;I completely recommend it for country music fans.
2022;5;I completely recommend it for country music fans.
2022;6;It is clean and pleasant to listen to.
2022;7;I completely recommend it for country music fans.
2022;8;He really does a good job in singing with feeling and emotion.
2022;9;Not necessarily groundbreaking but definitely a fun listen and worth the money if you like his voice and love country.
2022;10;I saw Hunter Hayes perform a few songs live at a concert and loved his country/jazz/rock music.
2025;1;To be honest, all of the songs are good, even "The Little Drummer Boy" is fantastic, and I typically loathe that song!
2025;2;I will argue till I'm blue in the face why this album is amazing.
2025;3;I play it while reading, relaxing, cooking, writing--well, you get the picture!
2025;4;Lovely soft violin and ethereal choral singing that swell to a rousing (but, again, not obnoxious) culmination--beautiful!
2025;5;I play it while reading, relaxing, cooking, writing--well, you get the picture!
2025;6;Lovely soft violin and ethereal choral singing that swell to a rousing (but, again, not obnoxious) culmination--beautiful!
2025;7;Lovely soft violin and ethereal choral singing that swell to a rousing (but, again, not obnoxious) culmination--beautiful!
2025;8;Lovely soft violin and ethereal choral singing that swell to a rousing (but, again, not obnoxious) culmination--beautiful!
2025;9;These are inspirational, beautiful, fun and unique rendentions of some our best loved standard Christmas songs and the Celtic Christmas song which I have never heard before are now among my favorites.
2025;10;Since I have loved everything this group has put out so far, I was anxious to listen it.
2024;1;An acoustic "Plush" seems unneccessary to all but acoustic fans and diehards...Weiland is an amazing vocalist and songwriter and has been an easy target for critics who call him a rip-off of Eddie from Pearl Jam or make fun of him for his drug problems.
2024;2;I'm a little sad because the title of the compilation, "Thank You", seems like a send off, but hopefully STP will gather their wits and make some more beautiful music together.
2024;3;"All in the Suit that You Wear" is a good song but doesn't rank in their top five of all time.
2024;4;Thank you STP for making music that didn't suck!
2024;5;Thank you STP for making music that didn't suck!
2024;6;It is packed with live performances, interactive menus, music videos, and home video(bootleg) footage.
2024;7;Thank you STP for making music that didn't suck!
2024;8;It's got spectacular lyrics, that clearly came from Scott Weiland's heart which is made even more obvious by how he sings it...8.
2024;9;An acoustic "Plush" seems unneccessary to all but acoustic fans and diehards...Weiland is an amazing vocalist and songwriter and has been an easy target for critics who call him a rip-off of Eddie from Pearl Jam or make fun of him for his drug problems.
2024;10;Even though most agree its the weakest album, I absolutely love it.
2027;1;Kowalczyk's lyrics are some of the best I've ever heard, and Live's music is shamelessly good.
2027;2;I loved  "Selling the Drama" when I first heard it on the radio, & cuz  I loved their songs "Operation Spirit" & "Pain lies on  the Riverside" in 1992 when I was in high school, I was hoping this  album would satisfy me the way the singles did, & it did by far.
2027;3;Kowalczyk's lyrics are some of the best I've ever heard, and Live's music is shamelessly good.
2027;4;Every song on this amazing album is an instant classic.
2027;5;Every song on this amazing album is an instant classic.
2027;6;Every song on this amazing album is an instant classic.
2027;7;But on every trip we have taken since this album came out in 1994 and went to the top of the Billboard album charts, we have taken this CD along (it is great to listen to at night while driving, especially if you are trying to stay awake)..."Throwing Copper" is an album where the "hit" singles really are the best tracks, although these songs charted on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks list (how many charts does Billboard have?)
2027;8;Carefully woven songs, great lyrics, and intense emotion fuel this sophomore record by Live.
2027;9;If you are looking for  "easy rock songs"that you can easy learn and sing and have  fun(!!!!!)
2027;10;I love their music, lyrics, everything.
2026;1;Floor Jensen is the perfect singer for the band...sure Tarja had a good voice but she always seemed distant & self centered in her singing/stage presence as if she didn't want to be there .....but Floor seems like she blends perfectly with all the band members ....her vocals are fantastic.....I highly recommend this awesome....it has gone into my Top 10 of all time
2026;2;There's not one bad song on this album and it's a perfect way for Nightwish to continue their careers.
2026;3;Floor Jensen is the perfect singer for the band...sure Tarja had a good voice but she always seemed distant & self centered in her singing/stage presence as if she didn't want to be there .....but Floor seems like she blends perfectly with all the band members ....her vocals are fantastic.....I highly recommend this awesome....it has gone into my Top 10 of all time
2026;4;Would probably be a good workout album.
2026;5;.7) Endless Forms Most Beautiful - strong opening and focus from the singer.
2026;6;I put the CD in as I drove home from work last week and all I could think was: Wow - just . . .WOW!
2026;7;So, seeing that Dawkins was a contributor to this album I couldn't wait to see where Tuomas was going to go with this theme...When I played the non-instrumental CD the first time all the way through (in my car), I thoroughly loved the ride (sic).
2026;8;There's not one bad song on this album and it's a perfect way for Nightwish to continue their careers.
2026;9;Even with the introduction of a new singer, Nightwish is able to deliver completely solid, innovative, and thoughtful gothic rock/metal, all while keeping it fun and accessible to both new listeners and long-time fans.
2026;10;Love the title track, but the whole album is great.
2029;1;"Fuel" and "The Memory Remains" turn out to be very good introductions to the album.
2029;2;The album is well balanced with rocking songs like "Bad Seed", "Better Than You", "Prince Charming", "Fuel", and "Attitude".
2029;3;"Fuel" and "The Memory Remains" turn out to be very good introductions to the album.
2029;4;Whilst it may not be a classic as such, Reload is still an impressive rock album.
2029;5;Whilst it may not be a classic as such, Reload is still an impressive rock album.
2029;6;Whilst it may not be a classic as such, Reload is still an impressive rock album.
2029;7;It starts off great with "Fuel," an anthem for fast cars and just going crazy
2029;8;The Unforgiven II is better than the original, with some of the most moving, powerful lyrics of Hetfield's career.
2029;9;Whilst it may not be a classic as such, Reload is still an impressive rock album.
2029;10;The opener, Fuel, is a scorcher, and I love The Memory Remains.
2028;1;There are maybe 3 or 4 songs that I recognize, but I enjoy the Hawaiian songs, as well.
2028;2;So sad that he is gone from us but he will always be loved.
2028;3;excellent easy listening and music to relax by.
2028;4;I love the title song.
2028;5;I love the title song.
2028;6;It would  be good to listen to when you are on the Hawaiian Islands, but when you get home it is a good stress relief relaxation CD.
2028;7;I do a lot of driving and keep this CD in the car player.
2028;8;I went to Hawaii last year and this CD brings back all the senses and emotions of being in that magical place.
2028;9;I love the title song.
2028;10;I love the title song.
2031;1;A good, fun, country song, that any fan of the band will appreciate...Ain't No Good Life- A searing blues track, "Ain't No Good Life" is a powerful, emotional blues track.
2031;2;Add Ronnie's great singing, and some of the best lyrics he ever wrote, and you have a classic.
2031;3;It's not quite as good as the classic version we all know and love, but it has some excellent guitar work.
2031;4;Add Ronnie's great singing, and some of the best lyrics he ever wrote, and you have a classic.
2031;5;Add Ronnie's great singing, and some of the best lyrics he ever wrote, and you have a classic.
2031;6;Add Ronnie's great singing, and some of the best lyrics he ever wrote, and you have a classic.
2031;7;Add Ronnie's great singing, and some of the best lyrics he ever wrote, and you have a classic.
2031;8;Add Ronnie's great singing, and some of the best lyrics he ever wrote, and you have a classic.
2031;9;A good, fun, country song, that any fan of the band will appreciate...Ain't No Good Life- A searing blues track, "Ain't No Good Life" is a powerful, emotional blues track.
2031;10;It's not quite as good as the classic version we all know and love, but it has some excellent guitar work.
2030;1;The cds are still good.
2030;2;So I have a nice set with nice double slipcases and one eaten by my dog.
2030;3;The cds are still good.
2030;4;So I have a nice set with nice double slipcases and one eaten by my dog.
2030;5;One is a 60 page book with a 30 page read and awesome pictures.
2030;6;It features some great rockers ('Houses of the Holy', 'Trampled Under Foot'), a great acoustic song ('Ten Years Gone') an eleven-minute classic ('In My Time of Dying'), and their second best song ever ('Kashmir').
2030;7;The combination of Plant and Page is the  all-time best in testosterone driven blues and rock.
2030;8;This is an amazing box set, the music is the best, awesome sound quality, all remastered complete studio recordings plus a few extra's, each cd is in a hard cover book like case with great art work, great packageing, and lot's of photo's, lyrics, and more!!
2030;9;In my opinion, they are a perfect mix between being serious and having fun, a perfect mix for rock and roll (in my opinion).
2030;10;I am a massive fan of this band, so I love almost all of their songs, about 85% in fact.
2002;1;All three are good rockin' fun...The remastered sound on this reissue gets a thumbs-up, and the songs all sound better than ever.
2002;2;Side one of our original journey ended with a pure and delicious easy blues dreamy captivity hot blue and righteous.
2002;3;The live tracks on Tres Hombres  are very good.
2002;4;Beer Drinkers & Hell Raisers captures the rowdy side of the band, while Hot, Blue and Righteous shows their love of the classic auto.
2002;5;Beer Drinkers & Hell Raisers captures the rowdy side of the band, while Hot, Blue and Righteous shows their love of the classic auto.
2002;6;They were unlistenable on my home stereo system...Oh well...LIVE WITH IT!
2002;7;This is a great driving disc, as the beats propel you along.
2002;8;But what really makes this a Texas album is the themes of the songs and the lyrics.
2002;9;And ZZ TOP is and always will be, such a gift of a band, who makes you want to dance, or tap your toes, or just laugh out loud at fun tunes!
2002;10;Beer Drinkers & Hell Raisers captures the rowdy side of the band, while Hot, Blue and Righteous shows their love of the classic auto.
2003;1;This got me good I never thought that he could be so sexy but so spiritual at the same time I'm speechless
2003;2;so let's sing of the beauty of this life and not dwell on the negative, that is the lesson that Prince is trying to convey and one that he wishes you to listen to from start to finish without skipping.
2003;3;This got me good I never thought that he could be so sexy but so spiritual at the same time I'm speechless
2003;4;but this song here is short and beautiful...the lyrics are great, the vocals lush, as if the spiritual waterfall of Anna Stesia has emptied into still pond and in this pond you are so overcome with joy that you feel as if you could swim an ocean, if at the end of the swim you had the same pay off that Positivity brings.
2003;5;It's those contradictions that once studied explains how everything is a part of who we are and we are all a part of God.
2003;6;When 2 R in love is well served here, while it did flourish on the black album it seems more at home here.
2003;7;Basic, primal rhythms, gritty sax and chattering, funky rhythm guitar help drive the long, foot-moving tunes.
2003;8;but this song here is short and beautiful...the lyrics are great, the vocals lush, as if the spiritual waterfall of Anna Stesia has emptied into still pond and in this pond you are so overcome with joy that you feel as if you could swim an ocean, if at the end of the swim you had the same pay off that Positivity brings.
2003;9;Then we get to the social commentary that is Dance On, a fun, clever and energetic number with the drums sounding like gun fire...which fades into the gorgeous Lovesexy.
2003;10;As an adult, my favorite song is "When 2 R In Love", one of the most romantic love songs I have ever heard.
2000;1;It will probably go down as the feel good song of the album simply because of how happy the beat is.
2000;2;"Who You Are", "In My Tree" and "Smile" are hypnotic and mid-tempo which build perfectly into one of the highlights of the album in "There He Goes", a beautifully sad song about friendship.
2000;3;ballad, about as good as the band has ever done.
2000;4;For me personally, it's probably the best PJ album, and relistening to it, it sounds like a greatest hits album to me, that's how strongly it resonates after 15 years.
2000;5;For me personally, it's probably the best PJ album, and relistening to it, it sounds like a greatest hits album to me, that's how strongly it resonates after 15 years.
2000;6;For me personally, it's probably the best PJ album, and relistening to it, it sounds like a greatest hits album to me, that's how strongly it resonates after 15 years.
2000;7;As the title would suggest on the song "Present Tense," the introspective, forward-thinking tune rebuffs life's regrets and embraces "this all encompassing trip" of life.
2000;8;Lyrics in the songs Off He Goes, In My Tree, Sometimes, and Present Tense paint a vivid picture of his emotions.
2000;9;"Mankind" is a fun track, sung by guitarist Stone Gossard, which in parts sounds strangely similar to Vedder so I didn't immediately realize it was Gossard.
2000;10;I've seen PJ in concert many times over the years, and I would just love for the band to do what many other bands these days are doing, namely playing older albums start to finish.
2001;1;breaking bad was a great story I enjoyed it Phil Collins hits is great it has all his hits from movies too.the beatles music is still good to this day no one like them
2001;2;day I say "thank you" to Capital for putting it out...Negatives?
2001;3;breaking bad was a great story I enjoyed it Phil Collins hits is great it has all his hits from movies too.the beatles music is still good to this day no one like them
2001;4;All the band's major songs from "With The Beatles" are combined here with the single "I Want to Hold Your Hand" and and the songs that didn't appear on the Vee Jay album "Introducing The Beatles".
2001;5;The liner notes are also very insightful and make for a great read...As other people have mentioned, the packaging for the set is incredibly poor.
2001;6;I believe this could be cleaned up to sound really great.
2001;7;All the band's major songs from "With The Beatles" are combined here with the single "I Want to Hold Your Hand" and and the songs that didn't appear on the Vee Jay album "Introducing The Beatles".
2001;8;In all, it was not a bad compilation...In summary, it is great to have the American Capitol versions available again.
2001;9;I do occasionally get jarred by some echo that I know should not be there, but it makes for more fun.
2001;10;The seven "duophonic" songs are, She Loves You, I'll Get You, I Want To Hold Your Hand, This Boy, You Can't Do That, I Feel Fine and She's A Woman.
2006;1;i use to listen to it back in the day  and enjoyed it everytime i would listen to it.
2006;2;Ill Be Home For Christmas The Christmas Song and Blue Christmas also found their way onto the album as well as some religious Christmas songs including Silent Night which closed the album until they added a couple bonus tracks.
2006;3;It brings back good memories.
2006;4;I look for great deals on CD's, especially Christmas music.
2006;5;I look for great deals on CD's, especially Christmas music.
2006;6;When I see this cd I remember this lp Mom had when I was a child and it played in our home every Christmas season.
2006;7;I look for great deals on CD's, especially Christmas music.
2006;8;Johnny also does a great job on "Blue Christmas
2006;9;To this day, the opening measures make me think of the fun of Christmas past.
2006;10;I have albums by Bing, Perry, Nat and Dino that I love dearly, but this one always has been, and always will be, in a class by itself.
2007;1;I'm not the biggest Rolling Stones fan in the world, but I must say that Tattoo You is their best work, and is a must-have for anyone who enjoys good rock & roll.
2007;2;The Flar, the talent, the emotion, and we thought they lost it because they made a bad disco album or two.
2007;3;The Flar, the talent, the emotion, and we thought they lost it because they made a bad disco album or two.
2007;4;But this said, Tatto You is just an extraordinary record.
2007;5;I'd love to read the back story on this event.
2007;6;I enjoy having this album on in the background when I'm cleaning the house, or shooting pool.
2007;7;From there, the album travels into Side 2, kicking right off to a much-maligned Stones classic that does take time to grow on you: "Worried About You", demonstrating the real range of Jagger's voice.
2007;8;The Flar, the talent, the emotion, and we thought they lost it because they made a bad disco album or two.
2007;9;And if you like fun videos, by all means get the videos to Tattoo You.
2007;10;If you love sax, you'll love this album.
2004;1;Now That I Know: A good upbeat song that's fun to dance along to.
2004;2;Given Mariah's status as the greatest selling artist of the 1990's, and the artist with the most #1 billboard hits ever, many critics scramble for ways to condemn her
2004;3;A good example of the Voice would be "Hero" which is sappy (not in a bad way though) but incredibly inspiring.
2004;4;"Music Box" is the finest example of this:  Literally any of the ten songs could have hit #1 if released as a single
2004;5;I don't know if Mariah read any Joseph Campbell before doing "Hero", but the opening words "There's a hero/if you look inside your heart" belies that inner journey.
2004;6;"Dreamlover" rocks the house, "Anytime You Need A Friend" and "Music Box" bring a peaceful feeling, while "Just To Hold You Once Again" and "Without You" still bring tears to my eyes.
2004;7;This is great driving music cause it has a mix of slow and uptempo songs, but some of them sound kind of dated, but still a great CD!
2004;8;Unlike so many female pop stars, Mariah Carey writes her own lyrics, helps compose the music, and (particularly in the 1990's) has an incredible voice.
2004;9;Now That I Know: A good upbeat song that's fun to dance along to.
2004;10;Harry Nielson remake and Mariah's version is so much better and more beautiful than the original), Now That I know, Just To Hold You Once Again, and a ballad that has actually made me stop breathing for a second while it was playing a couple of times-All I Ever Wanted...All I Ever Wanted is the most powerful and romantic ballad Mariah has ever done in her whole career!!
2005;1;DOWN ALONG THE COVE (fun stuff).
2005;2;The bass is rich and fat, the harmonica crisp and brilliant.
2005;3;Sit back, relax and enjoy.
2005;4;It even sports some wonderful  harp playing by Dylan (see "The Ballad of Frankie Lee and Judas  Priest").
2005;5;The conviction and focus of Dylan's voice tells you more about this moral purpose than any analysis I can make...This album is, like Kafka's work, chock-ful of witty observations, one-liners, and strange comments.
2005;6;Has kind of a folkie/country feel to it and tells another great story of an immigrant who wishes he wouldve stayed home  who uses all his power to do evil but in the end is always left so alone!
2005;7;Down Along The Cove is a piano driven love song with sort of a boogie-woogie beat to it!
2005;8;Despite its sparse instrumentation and its flagrant avoidance of the esoterica of a lot of his earlier lyrics, this is one of Bob Dylan's most intriguing works.
2005;9;DOWN ALONG THE COVE (fun stuff).
2005;10;Very complex wordplay coupled with parables from the Bible.
2010;1;Eric Clapton / 461 Ocean Boulevard:  This has always been a great collection of songs rather than a cohesive album, but it is such a fantastic collection of songs that the album rates Five Stars.
2010;2;The songs Clapton covers are timeless songs in their own right, and Clapton's covers are brilliant.
2010;3;Play the album and then you come to these relaxed bluesy songs at the end of disc 1...They're a fine complement to what has just preceded.
2010;4;The songs Clapton covers are timeless songs in their own right, and Clapton's covers are brilliant.
2010;5;The songs Clapton covers are timeless songs in their own right, and Clapton's covers are brilliant.
2010;6;Best investment I have made to my home theater system.
2010;7;The songs Clapton covers are timeless songs in their own right, and Clapton's covers are brilliant.
2010;8;The lyrics really boost people's faith in what they want to accomplish.
2010;9;His remake of the Johnny Otis classic "Willie & The Hand-Jive" is loose and fun.
2010;10;I love the subtleties in this: how Clapton's guitar is always the most tasteful thing you've ever heard - not too flashy, not too subdued, not too distorted
2011;1;A good collection of song all around.
2011;2;A good collection of song all around.
2011;3;A good collection of song all around.
2011;4;A good collection of song all around.
2011;5;A good collection of song all around.
2011;6;A good collection of song all around.
2011;7;I think it is great music for road trips especially on a lonely highway.
2011;8;The man fills every lyric on this album with life and passion, transforms each sentence into a sermon.
2011;9;Not one for the road (you'd probably [anger] all the people who find the songs too long) or one for a party, but definately one yo enjoy by yourself or with someone you love who hopefully has a deep appreciation for great music.
2011;10;"One Woman" is by far the shortest number on this album and probably the most straight forward arrangement to a degree-a richly arranged string oriented soul ballad love song basically.
2008;1;This CD is so good, beautiful vocals and fantastic instrumentals.
2008;2;Beautifully arranged and sung...'The Scarlett Tide'- from the movie "Cold Mountain'-softly sung with emotion...'Whiskey Lullaby'-duet with Brad Paisley- "She broke his heart, he spent his whole life tryin' to forget" Sad song of memories and death...'You Will Be My Ain True Love'- Oscar nominated song from Cold Mountain...'I Give You To His Heart'-'The Prince Of Egypt' soundtrack.
2008;3;It will offer you peace, comfort, some sadness too.
2008;4;Simple Love and Jacob's dream are two worthwhile new songs, a simple country ballad and a chilling traditional folk tune.
2008;5;Simple Love and Jacob's dream are two worthwhile new songs, a simple country ballad and a chilling traditional folk tune.
2008;6;Simple Love and Jacob's dream are two worthwhile new songs, a simple country ballad and a chilling traditional folk tune.
2008;7;Though not always completely entranced by her subsequent work, I find her an extremely talented and fascinating musician...I purchased the present album, "A Hundred Miles or More," this weekend while on a long drive and listened to it with my wife on the car's CD player.
2008;8;Beautifully arranged and sung...'The Scarlett Tide'- from the movie "Cold Mountain'-softly sung with emotion...'Whiskey Lullaby'-duet with Brad Paisley- "She broke his heart, he spent his whole life tryin' to forget" Sad song of memories and death...'You Will Be My Ain True Love'- Oscar nominated song from Cold Mountain...'I Give You To His Heart'-'The Prince Of Egypt' soundtrack.
2008;9;"Missing You" is a fun, upbeat song Krauss did with John Waite.
2008;10;Simple Love and Jacob's dream are two worthwhile new songs, a simple country ballad and a chilling traditional folk tune.
2009;1;Good movie great sound track, I just love ABBA songs, hearing them sung by others is fun
2009;2;a gift for a friend...I love the movie
2009;3;Good movie great sound track, I just love ABBA songs, hearing them sung by others is fun
2009;4;a gift for a friend...I love the movie
2009;5;a gift for a friend...I love the movie
2009;6;I well remember the 80s in my friend Annemiek's house, bopping about to Abba's hits and singing as we went.
2009;7;Having this CD in your car is the perfect medicine for a rough day, and a party on a good day.
2009;8;a gift for a friend...I love the movie
2009;9;This is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
2009;10;a gift for a friend...I love the movie
2014;1;All good, I am happy customer : )
2014;2;All of the good stuff is there.
2014;3;All of the good stuff is there.
2014;4;All of the good stuff is there.
2014;5;All of the good stuff is there.
2014;6;All of the good stuff is there.
2014;7;All of the good stuff is there.
2014;8;mostly just fagen and becker with studio musicans , but some of the best lyrics ever.
2014;9;throughout my life i have their music and songs dance across my mind.
2014;10;Steely Dan......I do enjoy the different sound of these performers (by the way I do not LOVE IT - love is a word for people and pets)...  I compare Steely Dan to Glenn Miller ----  ONLY in the respect that a 'SOUND' was sought and was found...Very good job.
2015;1;But you do get some kooky catchy organ again toward the end...And Alison Goldfrapp sounds like she's having fun.
2015;2;"Eat Yourself" is a folksy piece, just beautiful with a sad undercurrent that really touches me despite the absurd (though great) title.
2015;3;Goldfrapp have done an album with many good music for relax!!!
2015;4;"Road to somewhere" is a gentle acoustic ballad with lilting beats, a faint bassline and an almost Oriental feel.
2015;5;"Little bird" is kind of funny, the first time I heard the song (without reading the lyrics) I thought she said "You lie", instead of "July", reminding me of a funny line in Invader Zim (Nothing in common, but just reminds me of that).
2015;6;Lush, gorgeous and addictive, this one's been in heavy rotation in my house since its release.
2015;7;I especially like "Little Bird" (which, oddly enough, sounds like a John Lennon cover)
2015;8;On "A & E" even after the lyrics are kind of sad, the music is peaceful and enjoyable.
2015;9;But you do get some kooky catchy organ again toward the end...And Alison Goldfrapp sounds like she's having fun.
2015;10;The other upbeat song is the poppy Cranberries-style "Caravan girl" with gently jangly guitars (it's almost as though they are afraid they will wake you up), and closing is the gentle acoustic "Monster love" with swirling electronic effects and an almost hymnal feel...Lots of haunting or angelic harmonies, a stripped down dreamy acoustic sound garnished with swirling synths and electronic effects.
2012;1;"I Do Not Hook Up" is particularly fun and sees Kelly putting herself out there as someone who falls hard and needs it all in a relationship: Instead of sounding old-fashioned and desperate, she comes off secure and sassy...There are some fantastic and rockin' ballads on the album, several of which were co-written and produced by Ryan Tedder of OneRepublic.
2012;2;As/is however, it's a bit paint-by-numbers, even with a good vocal performance, and makes for a bad last track... That is unless you got the deluxe edition, in which case you got two extra tracks.
2012;3;As/is however, it's a bit paint-by-numbers, even with a good vocal performance, and makes for a bad last track... That is unless you got the deluxe edition, in which case you got two extra tracks.
2012;4;It's also a great workout cd.
2012;5;I highly recommend this "All I Ever Wanted" CD.
2012;6;The lyrics are compelling and the music drives each story home.
2012;7;This stuff is excellent driving music!!
2012;8;As on "My December", Kelly closes the album with a song that has serious lyrics and intimate vocal.
2012;9;"I Want You" is a clever, playful song which has a lot of fun with the 3 words in the title, and it features the interesting device of ending a line of the song with a word that is actually the first word of the next line.
2012;10;And I love that her songs reflect both the ups and downs of life and that she's being true to herself and true to her fans.
2013;1;It seems like the tunes are a little growlier here, maybe even a little funkier...Mainly, I'm just happy that this album is (in my opinion) just as good, if not better than the last two.
2013;2;It's not a bad song but it's one of the best the band has recorded either and sounds vaguely similar to `Vertigo'..."No Line on the Horizon" is a fantastic CD that will join the likes of "War", "The Joshua Tree" and "Achtung Baby" as some of the finest albums ever recorded.
2013;3;Still, I found it a good closing song...I know there are people out there who don't like this album, but this reviewer says it's not that bad, I say it's a solid work and well done.
2013;4;U2 is still good enough to seduce the younger crowd thus they are the Rock N Roll Cougars of our time.
2013;5;Reading the other reviews, I found it amusing that so many reviewers are more concerned with how other reviewers may judge their writing rather than providing a clear analysis that a normal buyer could use to decide whether or not to buy this album.
2013;6;But its themes are relevant to the record and it feels right at home here.
2013;7;With lots of welcome help from Brian Eno (ambience and edge) and Danny Lanois (unique guitar work), the band forges ahead on every track with a driving force that sucks you in...Every cut is fantastic, but some standouts must be mentioned.
2013;8;It's not a bad song but it's one of the best the band has recorded either and sounds vaguely similar to `Vertigo'..."No Line on the Horizon" is a fantastic CD that will join the likes of "War", "The Joshua Tree" and "Achtung Baby" as some of the finest albums ever recorded.
2013;9;Its fun to imagine the lights from the U2/360 stadium tour for this one.
2013;10;Many absolutely love it, while others find it completely annoying for several reasons.
1987;1;Their second album, "Traffic" was very good, BUT the first truly GREAT Traffic album is Barleycorn.
1987;2;I have a very heavy heart as I write this review---I've just heard the sad news that Traffic drummer Jim Capaldi has just passed away from stomach cancer at the age of 60.
1987;3;Their second album, "Traffic" was very good, BUT the first truly GREAT Traffic album is Barleycorn.
1987;4;Empty Pages and Glad are also stand-out tracks...The sound has been remixed on the anniversary release and it sounds great!
1987;5;With limited, but extremely talented and complementary, personnel, "John Barleycorn" is probably Traffic's most cohesive and focused artistic statement.
1987;6;The band then head for home with the rockin', atmospheric gem, "Every Mother's Son."
1987;7;I loved this its a trip down memory lane.
1987;8;I have a very heavy heart as I write this review---I've just heard the sad news that Traffic drummer Jim Capaldi has just passed away from stomach cancer at the age of 60.
1987;9;Empty Pages and Glad are also stand-out tracks...The sound has been remixed on the anniversary release and it sounds great!
1987;10;I love the alternate take of John Barleycorn and the live material.
1986;1;Love the MP3 has good quality sound.
1986;2;Love the MP3 has good quality sound.
1986;3;Love the MP3 has good quality sound.
1986;4;Love the MP3 has good quality sound.
1986;5;Love the MP3 has good quality sound.
1986;6;Love the MP3 has good quality sound.
1986;7;At the same time he was doing fantastic work with The Traveling Wilburies.
1986;8;It's first rate homage all the way, superbly produced by T Bone Burnett (who must wish, like so many, to have been blessed by vocal chords like Roy's to adorn his own lyrics).
1986;9;She thinks it's great and finds herself dancing around in her kitchen.
1986;10;Love the MP3 has good quality sound.
1985;1;What can you say, these women are fantastic.
1985;2;Galway Bay, sung by Chloe, is a lovely song, sad and sweet.
1985;3;their music is really good and there relaxing too, there's a lot of telnet with these women and i hope to see more music from them
1985;4;I definitely recommend it for fans of the classical/pop genre.
1985;5;I definitely recommend it for fans of the classical/pop genre.
1985;6;The Isle of Hope really hit home with me.
1985;7;I carry this one in my car.
1985;8;Galway Bay, sung by Chloe, is a lovely song, sad and sweet.
1985;9;The Coast of Galacia, one of Mairead's two solos, is a lively tune with almost gyspy-like phrases and lively dance music in Mairead's indescribable style.
1985;10;I always have liked the group "Celtic Woman" so it's no surprise that I really loved this album along with all the other ones I own.
1984;1;He has such a wonderful voice and is so good at connecting with an audience in person and in conveying emotion through his voice...Happy with this album and really enjoy listening to it.
1984;2;My personal favorite is "Water Tower Town," because it speaks to me, but there's not a bad song among them...What I hope to see down the road is Scotty writing most of his own music and seeing what can happen there...This is one of the best albums I've heard in years (and since I'm not a big country fan, that's saying something)!
1984;3;This is simply Pure Good American Music.
1984;4;Clear as Day is a great song - probably be a Country Music Hit and played non-stop on the radio.
1984;5;I received Scotty McCreery's first CD today and took the time to listen to every song and read the insert.
1984;6;"Water Town Tower" is a tribute to Scotty's home town of Garner, North Carolina.
1984;7;Have it in my car and listen to it all the time.
1984;8;My personal favorite is "Water Tower Town," because it speaks to me, but there's not a bad song among them...What I hope to see down the road is Scotty writing most of his own music and seeing what can happen there...This is one of the best albums I've heard in years (and since I'm not a big country fan, that's saying something)!
1984;9;This is an upbeat tune and fun to listen to.
1984;10;I pray that Scotty will always stay true to his first love, the LORD Jesus Christ.
1991;1;If you enjoy singing at its best, buy this album today...you will be so happy you did.
1991;2;Each song on this album is a classic Christmas song and Piero, Ignazio, and Gianluca, as always knows whose voice is fitted for each phrase or song.
1991;3;The price was very good and seller packaged it very well.
1991;4;Each song on this album is a classic Christmas song and Piero, Ignazio, and Gianluca, as always knows whose voice is fitted for each phrase or song.
1991;5;Each song on this album is a classic Christmas song and Piero, Ignazio, and Gianluca, as always knows whose voice is fitted for each phrase or song.
1991;6;This album is great listening material for in the car or at home.
1991;7;This album is great listening material for in the car or at home.
1991;8;Each song on this album is a classic Christmas song and Piero, Ignazio, and Gianluca, as always knows whose voice is fitted for each phrase or song.
1991;9;The rendition of "Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree" has some fun modern instrumental music that adds a refreshing feel to that old classic.
1991;10;I love that they have retained their Italian accents, I hope they always do .
1990;1;I do so enjoy Celtic music these song birds are so good at what they do.
1990;2;The additional songs are Sing out, Shenandoah, At the Ceili and Spanish Lady.
1990;3;All the songs are very good and great to listen to for all ages.
1990;4;The additional songs are Sing out, Shenandoah, At the Ceili and Spanish Lady.
1990;5;I like the variety of songs on this album and it makes great listening music while working or reading.
1990;6;The music is relaxing and is part of my home therapy to help lower my stress levels.
1990;7;A New Journey started my trip down a great inspirational belief that 5 Irish women can bring peace and harmony to everyone.
1990;8;An excellent closing song performed by the entire group, consisting of both English and Gaelic lyrics, a song of happy farewell much resembling "The Soft Goodbye" from the previous album...In closing, let me just say, there's a reason this group has spent more than a year on the top of the world record charts.
1990;9;It starts out with mystery, then Mairead whirls the music half in flames and half in lively dance music.
1990;10;I love this CD and if you donot already own this CD and are a Celtic Woman fan or even if you like Celtic music, I highly recommend this CD.
1989;1;well this is not there best but i will say this its still pretty good the last CD before Paul died may he R.I.P. alot of people say this album sucks and needed some work done to it i have listen to this from front to back and back to front and i enjoy it there will never be another self titled album  but this still has many good songs
1989;2;There music is growing and taking new BUT NOT BAD PATHS!
1989;3;This cd is one of the best cds ever they combine nu-Metal and Heavy Metal to make a very good albulm with fast songs and slow songs.
1989;4;In my oponion Subliminel verses 3 is a really great albulm with only two sucky songs.
1989;5;Thank you for reading this review and I hope it persuaded you to buy this albulm.
1989;6;The lyrics are a nice mix of rough and clean.
1989;7;The production, although a bit polished, absolutely rocks your car stereo.
1989;8;All Hope Is Gone 10/10 - Amazing song the lyrics are decent but the guitar playing is better than any other band of the genre (Alternative Metal) that i could think of except for SOAD and In Flames (New In Flames).
1989;9;This is a awesome cd it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1989;10;I love Slipknot because they can take simple riffs and make them very catchy and amazing.
1988;1;They just have to look back to this period and see that they can put out decent songs that the fans can enjoy and that are  melodic and alot of fun.
1988;2;It was a good way to close out the vintage era of the band, and is a genuine 70s classic.
1988;3;It was a good way to close out the vintage era of the band, and is a genuine 70s classic.
1988;4;It was a good way to close out the vintage era of the band, and is a genuine 70s classic.
1988;5;It was a good way to close out the vintage era of the band, and is a genuine 70s classic.
1988;6;Sounds as if it was brand new and I can listen to it anywhere, while I drive, in my house, anywhere I can play it.
1988;7;Sounds as if it was brand new and I can listen to it anywhere, while I drive, in my house, anywhere I can play it.
1988;8;You gotta' love those crazy lyrics...Gene delivers two more great classics in the songs, Plaster Caster, and Got Love For Sale.
1988;9;Personally I think this is the last one that they cared about doing it together...I like the sound of the whole album, it's kind of experimental but still fun and rockin'.
1988;10;The cover is brilliant to start with, the little "love gun" pistol should be worth a fortune today and the songs on this album are all way above average...Songs like "Tomorrow and tonight" (pretty much neglected by the band itself when it comes to live gigs) or "Christine sixteen" are not only perfect 70s but perfect KISS.
1995;1;"I'll  String Along with You" is infinitely romantic, while the fun of  "Devil May Care" and "The Best thing For You" is  infectious and adds a piquant flavour to a sexy album.
1995;2;No, it's all her--and the darkness of her voice works astonishingly well to establish the pain and regret implicit in the song.
1995;3;Musicians should get this CD  just to see what a good CD -sounds- like.
1995;4;He piano playing has also improved.
1995;5;This one is timeless - stop  reading this review and BUY IT NOW!
1995;6;I knew eight of the 13 songs, so I took it home.
1995;7;He piano playing has also improved.
1995;8;In an age when production and studio  musicians cover a glaring limitation or lack of talent of many artists,Ms  Krall has it all and caresses the keys with a skill and emotion that belies  her years.
1995;9;"I'll  String Along with You" is infinitely romantic, while the fun of  "Devil May Care" and "The Best thing For You" is  infectious and adds a piquant flavour to a sexy album.
1995;10;Diana's previous collection of very romantic love songs had been so successful that the formula was repeated.
1994;1;Some of the sound quality isn't perfect, but I still enjoyed it.
1994;2;Despite the few negatives, Anthology One is overall a very good collection and a must have for diehard Beatlemaniacs.
1994;3;Despite the few negatives, Anthology One is overall a very good collection and a must have for diehard Beatlemaniacs.
1994;4;It's mostly cover songs, but it's still great.
1994;5;The wonderful thing about the Beatles Anthology CD set is that the listener and fan can hear and read about the evolution of such songs as One after 909 (which wouldn't get released for six years after the versions you will hear on this CD set).
1994;6;The audio is rich and clean.
1994;7;It's mostly cover songs, but it's still great.
1994;8;It's mostly cover songs, but it's still great.
1994;9;Still, the covers are fun to listen to and the alternates that we are given are worth it.
1994;10;Any fan of  music in general should love it.
1993;1;Partly because I play guitar, I find this melodic growth very good.
1993;2;Partly because I play guitar, I find this melodic growth very good.
1993;3;Partly because I play guitar, I find this melodic growth very good.
1993;4;One of the better BB albums, I have always enjoyed running or working out in the gym to the songs on this album, great music, great buy.
1993;5;Partly because I play guitar, I find this melodic growth very good.
1993;6;The lyrics in the chorus really hit home, and the way they're sung is simply incredible 10/10).
1993;7;Partly because I play guitar, I find this melodic growth very good.
1993;8;The lyrics are white-hot with emotion.
1993;9;The lyrics are crisp and edgy, creating a pleasantly dark mood with stuff like "let the fun and games begin, she is spayed and broken in" and "drank up all my alcohol, this is not a free-for-all".
1993;10;I love when the tempo rises.
1992;1;Love On Top is the crown jewel of the album and it sounds like she is having fun over this summertime feel good record.
1992;2;"And to think there's a time when I almost loved you/ you showed your ASS and I saw the real you.../I wanted you bad/ I'm so through with that!
1992;3;This album is good and it part of my collection as you know her voice is great and the songs are special.
1992;4;She puts on a great show.
1992;5;This album emcompasses her roots as an artist and focuses on her multidimensional voice.
1992;6;it's about spending a cozy evening at home and enjoying those special moments with your lover.
1992;7;i got it for christmas last year and have had a blast bumping it in my car!
1992;8;From the heartfelt opening track, 1+1, to the emotional 'I Care' through the haha it sucks to be you right now second single 'Best Thing I never Had' Beyonce delivers different emotion, powerful, skin moving vocals and chilling lyrics.
1992;9;One of the few dance songs on the album, its a harmless, upbeat, fun song to jam to.
1992;10;The second disc on the Target deluxe begins with "Lay Up Under Me", a jazzy and romantic throwback love song.
1999;1;Goodbye may, however, be even better, a slow track and probably the best singing of the whole album
1999;2;I am very satisfied with this new album studio release because it has one of the best songs ever written and produced in years too bad I did not receive this CD at its official relase date which was on March 26 for the US in spite of the fact that it was released on Europe on March 22 of this year.
1999;3;Lyrics are really good, but the album slows down a bit on this track.
1999;4;I like it, it is a grower.
1999;5;I like it, it is a grower.
1999;6;The vinyl appears high quality and they play clean and quiet.
1999;7;I like it, it is a grower.
1999;8;Layers of sonic textures, layers of emotions, layers of interpretation through genius lyrics and layers of feelings that you get every time you listen to the album.
1999;9;Nice to see a DM album end so strongly with Soothe My Soul and Goodbye...This album really has a synth/electronica dance music vibe on many tracks, which is great to hear back from the guys, and there is a real sexiness to this album with Should Be Higher, Slow, Secret to the End, Soft Touch/Raw Nerve, Soothe My Soul.
1999;10;It took a couple of listens, but I love this album.
1998;1;A great item at a fantastic price.
1998;2;A great moment (though filled with blue language [surprise] ).
1998;3;It's a good comedy album.
1998;4;Just the right prescription after a tough day....Lots of extra excerps from shows around the world.
1998;5;This is some of his best material and if you even smiled at his Broadway performance and you're reading this, then you need to just go ahead and BUY this.
1998;6;Just the right prescription after a tough day....Lots of extra excerps from shows around the world.
1998;7;Just the right prescription after a tough day....Lots of extra excerps from shows around the world.
1998;8;Just the right prescription after a tough day....Lots of extra excerps from shows around the world.
1998;9;I laughed really hard and will miss the fun side of him.
1998;10;i love robin williams he is the greatest comedian of our time.
1997;1;This is an excellent release, especially for those who  understand and enjoy the power of music to enhance the mood, whether one is  alone or with that special someone.
1997;2;"Find Love" goes into a state of limbo for about 30 seconds before it goes into the third part of the track which returns the journey the dark blue sounds of "Sadeness".
1997;3;This Cd is quite good to relax and meditate to or to create some great Tantric moments with that special someone.
1997;4;I am using it as workout music and it works well.
1997;5;Listen to this CD when going home from work/school/uni, or as I found out in my last year at high school, when doing study - absolutely fantastic stuff.
1997;6;Listen to this CD when going home from work/school/uni, or as I found out in my last year at high school, when doing study - absolutely fantastic stuff.
1997;7;The standout track, in my opinion, is mea culpa, with Sandra Cretu's luscious, raunchy, vocals with that driving beat.
1997;8;Other tracks that are also great are Principles of Lust, with its great chants and really cool 'lyrics' about lust and love, and the last track that has hints of Cross in it.
1997;9;Enigma is probably best known as the band that introduced Gregorian chants to dance music (though, in actuality, many bands had been doing this for several years in Europe).
1997;10;I must admit that I love this CD.
1996;1;This cd has a lot of good songs and it arrived right away and in great condition and in it's original packaging.
1996;2;Every song is incredible, remastering is perfect.
1996;3;This cd has a lot of good songs and it arrived right away and in great condition and in it's original packaging.
1996;4;Every song is incredible, remastering is perfect.
1996;5;Every song is incredible, remastering is perfect.
1996;6;Every song is incredible, remastering is perfect.
1996;7;Every song is incredible, remastering is perfect.
1996;8;Every song is incredible, remastering is perfect.
1996;9;Sounds so well recorded and the music in the collection makes one feel like dancing the latino sounds.
1996;10;and I love his style.
1972;1;Ol' Donny will be happy if he was 'round a little longer than he has been.
1972;2;From his timeless duets with Roberta Flack to his soulful solo hits, Donny's genius emotive skills bring out every emotion possible, from love, pain, longing, sadness, happiness, and on.
1972;3;It contains  a lot of good songs.
1972;4;Clearly he's truly an inspiration to me when I heard this CD.
1972;5;Clearly he's truly an inspiration to me when I heard this CD.
1972;6;"What's Going On" gives us a sample of Donny live on his keyboards leading into "Ghetto", which is laden with funky bass and takes us into a rythmic world complete with down home moans, riffs and great audience participation.
1972;7;Clearly he's truly an inspiration to me when I heard this CD.
1972;8;these guys were ahead of their time and it is evident as you listen to their lyrics.
1972;9;Clearly he's truly an inspiration to me when I heard this CD.
1972;10;Sure, I don't really relate to the struggles of race which Donnie speaks of on some of these songs, and I'm not a big fan of the Christmas song, but the love songs are hands down some of the most romantic, beautiful songs I have ever heard.
1973;1;I am so enjoying hearing her again.
1973;2;Although I wasn't born when she was at her peek, My  family loved her songs, and I grew up hearing and her, although the sons are sad I have good memories of those great singers of the forties.
1973;3;I play it all the time in my car, and it's totally relaxing to listen to her creamy voice.
1973;4;for those who prefer etta's early material, this is essential.
1973;5;for those who prefer etta's early material, this is essential.
1973;6;for those who prefer etta's early material, this is essential.
1973;7;I play it all the time in my car, and it's totally relaxing to listen to her creamy voice.
1973;8;I love this particular song  because of its simplicity in structure and also in lyric.
1973;9;My son and new wife picked Etta's song, "At Last" for their wedding dance.
1973;10;My new daughter-in-law loves the old classics and I got her this for her Christmas sock last year a couple weeks after their wedding.
1974;1;The music is GREAT mood music, and I envision enjoying this cd over a candlelight dinner, as well as while I'm surfing the internet!
1974;2;I read all the bad reviews of the CD, but I loved it.
1974;3;It is equally as nice for relaxing with a book and cup of coffee or tea.
1974;4;They have my heart and my full attention when I listen to them.
1974;5;I read all the bad reviews of the CD, but I loved it.
1974;6;I truly listen to these CDs daily, at work, in my car, at home while I am working.
1974;7;I truly listen to these CDs daily, at work, in my car, at home while I am working.
1974;8;I read all the bad reviews of the CD, but I loved it.
1974;9;My favorite songs on this album are La Promesa, Angelina and Amazing Grace...This album is great to use as background music for a dinner party.
1974;10;I love these guys and anything they sing is beautiful!
1975;1;The chorus is very melancholic, but dang is it good!
1975;2;White Knuckles- This song is another one that has great riffing!
1975;3;The chorus is very melancholic, but dang is it good!
1975;4;White Knuckles- This song is another one that has great riffing!
1975;5;White Knuckles- This song is another one that has great riffing!
1975;6;And true to the ugly people make the best music principle, "The Way of the Fist" resonates with the power of early Pantera and incorporates clean and heartfelt vocals in the choruses, a lot of times with harmonies, which, by looking at a band photo you wouldn't expect.
1975;7;Now, that I made it listening to track #2 "Way of the Fist"  for 3 months straight on my daily drive to work, I have to say that track #2 is one of the best driving songs of all time.
1975;8;The chorus has some good riffing and somewhat relatable lyrics.
1975;9;White Knuckles- This song is another one that has great riffing!
1975;10;I love the verse's guitar part and the chorus is just catchy with the vocal lines and the chugging guitar lines!
1968;1;From the title of this cd, it is right on, to the fantastic duet sounds from these two artists, this is a cd you'll find yourself drawn to for your listening pleasure  a lot, easy on your musical soul, ENJOY.
1968;2;In each song, they walk the fine and wonderful line between sincere imitation and making the songs their own.
1968;3;The Everly's made this songs sound good back then, Billy Joe + Norah make these same songs sound GREAT!!
1968;4;In each song, they walk the fine and wonderful line between sincere imitation and making the songs their own.
1968;5;In each song, they walk the fine and wonderful line between sincere imitation and making the songs their own.
1968;6;I enjoy playing this throughout the house.
1968;7;Great for our trips in the car, and you can even sing along!
1968;8;Yet the real guiding light is Daddy Ike Everly, the Father, the teacher, the thumb-picking master who channeled America's spirit through a masterfully curated collection of true Americana music and lyrics.
1968;9;In each song, they walk the fine and wonderful line between sincere imitation and making the songs their own.
1968;10;I grew up loving the Everly Brothers, and managed to see them perform five times.
1969;1;(of course a cover and the originals are as good or better) The lyrics are classic DY and yes we get a lot of that classic Dwight "TWANG" but we what we really get is an album full of music that stands next to the best he has ever made!!!!!
1969;2;As we speak, I am holding two tickets to catch a show December 5th, i'm just sad to say it took me 31 years to see the man perform, but I'm sure it'll be worth the wait.
1969;3;(of course a cover and the originals are as good or better) The lyrics are classic DY and yes we get a lot of that classic Dwight "TWANG" but we what we really get is an album full of music that stands next to the best he has ever made!!!!!
1969;4;Its a strong choice for Yoakam
1969;5;Its a strong choice for Yoakam
1969;6;Its a strong choice for Yoakam
1969;7;Its a strong choice for Yoakam
1969;8;(of course a cover and the originals are as good or better) The lyrics are classic DY and yes we get a lot of that classic Dwight "TWANG" but we what we really get is an album full of music that stands next to the best he has ever made!!!!!
1969;9;Dwight is in great voice, sounding like some sort of cross between Elvis and Hank Sr., and the band just sounds like they're having fun.
1969;10;Dwight Yoakam is still bringing us the country sound that we older generation still love and respect as true Country Western Music.
1970;1;The nice little surprises like Steven Tyler and others added some interesting and good twists...Pour a martini and kick back and enjoy!
1970;2;My favorites are I Go By Feel and What's up with that woman?
1970;3;Keith Urban shows up for "One Day",a really good linkage between sleek country and blues guitar at another kind of crossroads.
1970;4;My favorites are I Go By Feel and What's up with that woman?
1970;5;I listen to it constantly... watch videos of the legends... I attend concerts... and I research and read about it... and recently I'm very proud to say I've actually started an electric blues historical mentoring program through word of mouth.
1970;6;My favorites are I Go By Feel and What's up with that woman?
1970;7;My favorites are I Go By Feel and What's up with that woman?
1970;8;My favorites are I Go By Feel and What's up with that woman?
1970;9;It is all moving and crying and twisting and dancing with hands in the air.
1970;10;A couple of visitors sit in on a few sets - Beth Hart is worth the price of the CD!
1971;1;I highly recommend this to all who enjoy Christmas music.
1971;2;It has upbeat songs as well as sad songs such as "The Lost Christmas Eve."
1971;3;Item arr in good time and condition.
1971;4;If you like TSO you will like this CD.
1971;5;I would also recommend that you take the time to read all the liner notes, stories and lyrics while you listen to it.
1971;6;If you like TSO you will like this CD.
1971;7;If you like TSO you will like this CD.
1971;8;It has upbeat songs as well as sad songs such as "The Lost Christmas Eve."
1971;9;The light-show favorite 'Wizards In Winter' is followed by the ethereal harmonies of 'Remember', the fun blues parody 'Christmas Nights In Blue' leads to the mainly acoustic 'Christmas Jazz' and then the savage power of 'Christmas Jam'.
1971;10;I love the softer pieces interwoven with the deep caroles of the season.
1980;1;This is a very interesting use of recording volume that is used to very good effect on this CD.
1980;2;The French call this uncanny pleasure "jouissance," a sensation so intense and unexplainable that it exists on the border between pleasure and pain.
1980;3;This is a very interesting use of recording volume that is used to very good effect on this CD.
1980;4;The MV album is like a mix of urban and rural landscapes.
1980;5;You can read its six-hundred pages over and over again and never rope in any single meaning to its stream of words, but it is always intensely moving.
1980;6;Aside from 2005 being one of the most explosive years in music since 1994, The Mars Volta cooked something that starts fire and sends fans either running or basking in the warmth...'Frances the Mute' is one of those albums that is a rare breed.
1980;7;He's put together a musical masterpiece on this album - composition-wise, this music takes you to another place...Together with top-notch handpicked musicians (and lots of them), TMV have produced a truly mindbending trip.
1980;8;The lyrics are cryptic and hidden within medaphors and codes that make listening fun and engaging.
1980;9;The lyrics are cryptic and hidden within medaphors and codes that make listening fun and engaging.
1980;10;I loved the music on first hearing and it takes a VERY special recording indeed for this to happen!
1981;1;Hello- has a catchy melodic hook and good lyrics.Sweet Dreams- upbeat tempo with an addictive hook.Single Ladies- enough said.Scared of Lonely- well song ballad with a nice musical background.Radio- very playful fun song.
1981;2;This album had it all dance heart & soul not a bad thing I could say about it.
1981;3;It helped me deal with traffic in a good way!
1981;4;This recording wasn't DANGEROUSLY IN LOVE by any stretch of the imagination, but I found myself really enjoying this disc.
1981;5;This recording wasn't DANGEROUSLY IN LOVE by any stretch of the imagination, but I found myself really enjoying this disc.
1981;6;This recording wasn't DANGEROUSLY IN LOVE by any stretch of the imagination, but I found myself really enjoying this disc.
1981;7;This recording wasn't DANGEROUSLY IN LOVE by any stretch of the imagination, but I found myself really enjoying this disc.
1981;8;She puts so much emotion into this one that it's hard not to be moved by it.
1981;9;*Single Ladies (Put a Ring On It): Such a fun song to sing and dance to!!!
1981;10;This recording wasn't DANGEROUSLY IN LOVE by any stretch of the imagination, but I found myself really enjoying this disc.
1982;1;It is always good that from rebellion music is born.
1982;2;This is FFDP's first album and it definitely sets the bar high, one of my favorite bands and Ivan Moody is a genuis!!!
1982;3;It is always good that from rebellion music is born.
1982;4;This is FFDP's first album and it definitely sets the bar high, one of my favorite bands and Ivan Moody is a genuis!!!
1982;5;This is FFDP's first album and it definitely sets the bar high, one of my favorite bands and Ivan Moody is a genuis!!!
1982;6;The most potent weapons, pun intended for these guys is vocalist Ivan Moody, expressive and actually talented, doing as much clean vocals as roaring.
1982;7;Now, that I made it listening to track #2 "Way of the Fist"  for 3 months straight on my daily drive to work, I have to say that track #2 is one of the best driving songs of all time.
1982;8;The chorus has some good riffing and somewhat relatable lyrics.
1982;9;This is FFDP's first album and it definitely sets the bar high, one of my favorite bands and Ivan Moody is a genuis!!!
1982;10;I love how heavy the album is.
1983;1;Adult contemporary pop stations still love this record a good 17 years later!
1983;2;WHITESNAKE is one of the true classic HEAVY ROCK bands....David Coverdale is a talented singer and front man.....1987 is a great, solid, full of pearls album like STILL OF THE NIGHT, DON'T TURN AWAY, STRAIGHT FOR THE HEART and BAD BOYS....a, you got such HUGE HITS like IS THIS LOVE and HERE I GO AGAIN 87 too....I really like the great WHITESNAKE, and this one is their last REALLY GREAT album.....TOTALLY RECOMMENDED!!!!
1983;3;Adult contemporary pop stations still love this record a good 17 years later!
1983;4;Adult contemporary pop stations still love this record a good 17 years later!
1983;5;This a great metal album and is worthy of anyones collection, and I suggest that you stop reading my review and get it now.
1983;6;Adult contemporary pop stations still love this record a good 17 years later!
1983;7;In both of these tracks, John's guitar solo rises to a screeching high point which gives energy and drive to his act.
1983;8;It is a well crafted song with its reflective breaks that match with the song's lyrics and David Coverdale's longing for that woman.
1983;9;The "making of" video and music videos are cool, nice fun viewing.
1983;10;Adult contemporary pop stations still love this record a good 17 years later!
1976;1;The lyrics are also surprisingly good and definitely catchy which helps things a great deal (they aren't necessarily "deep" all the time, but they're pretty funny and fun to listen to).
1976;2;Its sad, cause this was becoming one of the best runs in hip hop until this.
1976;3;OutKast is a surprisingly good and charismatic Southern rapper who, although he's not as distinctive as, say, Eminem, will certainly win you over.
1976;4;The song sports a nice semi-singing hook that with the lyrics evokes old-school images.
1976;5;Once again Outkast is able to make an excellent album that doesn't focus so much around gangsta sh!
1976;6;"Aquemini", "Slump", "Spottieottiedopalicious", "Liberation" and of course "Chunky Fire".
1976;7;This album is funky as James Brown's  works, lyrical-deft as Rakim in his glory, catchy as L. Hill's solo joint,  and psychedelic as G. Clinton's (who cameos) funkadelic trip.
1976;8;Even though it's a bit "old", it still ahead of it's time today, where hip hop is ruined by "artists" such as 50, Fab, Lil' John amoung others...Andre 3000 has amazing lyrics and Big Boi delivers the craziest flow ever.
1976;9;The lyrics are also surprisingly good and definitely catchy which helps things a great deal (they aren't necessarily "deep" all the time, but they're pretty funny and fun to listen to).
1976;10;these songs are rated 13 out of 10...What i love about outkast, is their ability to combine hip hop with "music", with that I mean that some of the tracks are more sung tracks than rap, fx "Liberation" feat.
1977;1;I tried and enjoyed a number of the other wave of female jazz/pop singers.
1977;2;I'm not a big fan of Billy Joel's "Just The Way You Are", possibly because it's just been overplayed, but Krall's version (the only studio track) is upbeat and magnificent...The CD gets off to a great start with the jumping "I Love Being Here With You" which showcases Diana and her band in top form and obviously loving every minute of what they're doing.
1977;3;She's good and I'm a fan.
1977;4;I'm not a big fan of Billy Joel's "Just The Way You Are", possibly because it's just been overplayed, but Krall's version (the only studio track) is upbeat and magnificent...The CD gets off to a great start with the jumping "I Love Being Here With You" which showcases Diana and her band in top form and obviously loving every minute of what they're doing.
1977;5;As an added bonus, she plays piano quite a bit more as well and there is less focus on the orchestra.
1977;6;Last year I had to bring my cat, in a carrier in the back seat, on a two-hour plus drive to our retirement house in another city.
1977;7;If you are driving around in your car or want to listen to good music while you are traveling, the audio CD is definitely the way to go.
1977;8;My highlight pick is "A CASE OF YOU", love this song, love Joni Mitchell (artist/composer) and Love Diana Krall with the lyrics pouring from her soul, this song especially shows what a terrific singer she is.
1977;9;There is a distinct sense of a little whimsy in her "Fly Me To The Moon" and a sense fun in her renditions of "Devil may Care" and "I Love Being Here With You".
1977;10;Her interpretation of Bacharach's "The Look Of Love" is stunning.
1978;1;Sure, we all know Willie is one of the best writers ever but these do not sound like tossed off tunes, these are fully developed songs of fun, classic and truly timeless lyrics.
1978;2;Sure, we all know Willie is one of the best writers ever but these do not sound like tossed off tunes, these are fully developed songs of fun, classic and truly timeless lyrics.
1978;3;and while that's good, sure would be nice to hear more variety and for he and his band to challenge themselves playing new songs... although that might be tough for them to do...
1978;4;Sure, we all know Willie is one of the best writers ever but these do not sound like tossed off tunes, these are fully developed songs of fun, classic and truly timeless lyrics.
1978;5;Sure, we all know Willie is one of the best writers ever but these do not sound like tossed off tunes, these are fully developed songs of fun, classic and truly timeless lyrics.
1978;6;I listened all the way to work and home again.
1978;7;Sure, we all know Willie is one of the best writers ever but these do not sound like tossed off tunes, these are fully developed songs of fun, classic and truly timeless lyrics.
1978;8;Sure, we all know Willie is one of the best writers ever but these do not sound like tossed off tunes, these are fully developed songs of fun, classic and truly timeless lyrics.
1978;9;Sure, we all know Willie is one of the best writers ever but these do not sound like tossed off tunes, these are fully developed songs of fun, classic and truly timeless lyrics.
1978;10;Love the way Willie's and Jamey's voices and styles meld together and would love to hear them do more together...Band of Brothers - An ode to all of those who have joined Willie at one point or another in his musical journey.
1979;1;There's good cheese and bad cheese
1979;2;In many ways, this record was the ultimate greatest hits package as classics from 'Sad Wings' ran alongside the best of their Columbia Records years to date.
1979;3;There's good cheese and bad cheese
1979;4;In many ways, this record was the ultimate greatest hits package as classics from 'Sad Wings' ran alongside the best of their Columbia Records years to date.
1979;5;This is truly a masterpiece as far as live albums and go and I'm sick of reading reviews by people who diss Rob Halford's voice.
1979;6;Hey, the compact disc is great for the road, but for home listening the lp is the ultimate format.
1979;7;This is great driving music!!
1979;8;In many ways, this record was the ultimate greatest hits package as classics from 'Sad Wings' ran alongside the best of their Columbia Records years to date.
1979;9;In many ways, this record was the ultimate greatest hits package as classics from 'Sad Wings' ran alongside the best of their Columbia Records years to date.
1979;10;I love the studio version of "Victim...".
1957;1;It's got all the good stuff (and some stuff that isn't, to me, anyway) in one place!
1957;2;Had all the song that I remember that I knew I liked.
1957;3;It's got all the good stuff (and some stuff that isn't, to me, anyway) in one place!
1957;4;Had all the song that I remember that I knew I liked.
1957;5;Had all the song that I remember that I knew I liked.
1957;6;Had all the song that I remember that I knew I liked.
1957;7;Pop it into my car's CD player, turn it way up and head off on a road trip (especially to "Red Barchetta"--I have a very old and beautiful car)...This music never gets old.
1957;8;But the music isn't the only thing to be admired, Rush has some of the greatest lyrics that have ever been written.
1957;9;This compilation is fun to listen to, yet again.....
1957;10;I'm not all that familiar with Rush's music but my roommate loves them enough that he wanted their Greatest Hits.
1956;1;"The Seeker," a cover of the Who song is good fun.
1956;2;Sound quality is outstanding and the movie editing is superb.
1956;3;Geddy's vocals are in good shape, Neil's drum work is indescribably good ("Der Trommler" is an amazing technical performance for drum enthusiasts,) and the solo work from Alex is even better than normal if that's even remotely comprehensible.
1956;4;Sound quality is outstanding and the movie editing is superb.
1956;5;I'm not a fan of drum solos, but this one was quite amazing to watch and study.
1956;6;I am always at a crossroads to either buy the CD or the DVD just because I spend a lot of time in my car and not that much time at home,but fan or not this is one of the best live DVDs I have seen.
1956;7;I am always at a crossroads to either buy the CD or the DVD just because I spend a lot of time in my car and not that much time at home,but fan or not this is one of the best live DVDs I have seen.
1956;8;It's just amazing to behold, although a little creepy too - he almost never shows any emotion at all.
1956;9;Rush has fun with their shows and don't take themselves too seriously, and here the best manifestations of that are the cameos of Jerry Stiller that open and close the live show complaining about how they never play "A Passage to Bangkok:" he is richly rewarded for his kvetching to great comedic effect...I am thrilled with R30, and I recommend it highly to Rush fans or fans of live music anywhere.
1956;10;I loved this DVD and I think that any Rush fan will agree.
1959;1;The first  single, BENT, is my favorite song on the CD so far....but all cuts are good  and keep you listening.
1959;2;My favorite song is admittedly "Last Beautiful Girl," but I don't think there is a bad track on the disc.
1959;3;And then they sing it to really, really good music...One hopes, for their sake, that they find some mutuality, some enduring reconciliation of love and self-interest, some peace.
1959;4;Even though it didn't surpass Yourself or Someone like you, I still love this album, as they came up with great songs such as If you're gone, bent, black and white people, and my favorite mad season!!!
1959;5;While most albums focus on one element of life (mainly  love), Rob Thomas has written and co-written a variety of tunes that appeal  to a mixture of feelings all at once.
1959;6;So just blast the music in  your car or house and listen to this outstanding cd.
1959;7;"Angry", "Crutch", "Black And White People",  and the hard driven, "Stop" are all great songs, and are for  people who like rock, but want to stay away from so-called "rock"  done by KoRn or Kid Rock, with all that headbanging and other extra junk.
1959;8;Their lyrics are amazing -= "Bed of Lies" touches my heart.
1959;9;It's a unique opener and a fun song overall.
1959;10;Even though it didn't surpass Yourself or Someone like you, I still love this album, as they came up with great songs such as If you're gone, bent, black and white people, and my favorite mad season!!!
1958;1;Received new product in good condition and would buy again
1958;2;It's PRINCE experimenting with modern sound and styles.
1958;3;Received new product in good condition and would buy again
1958;4;Gives your sound system a nice workout.
1958;5;It's PRINCE experimenting with modern sound and styles.
1958;6;It's PRINCE experimenting with modern sound and styles.
1958;7;It's PRINCE experimenting with modern sound and styles.
1958;8;It's PRINCE experimenting with modern sound and styles.
1958;9;"This Could B Us" is a trippy soul ballad with a blistering guitar solo..."Fallinlove2nite" finds Camille singing a hypnotic synth dance song that is very Giorgio Moroder but still very much Prince, with nice horn accents.
1958;10;I wish I had the words for howich I love this album.
1953;1;Faith Hill's voice is so pretty and I really enjoyed listening to it over this year's (2013) Christmas season and will for years to come!
1953;2;My husband loves Christmas music and plays it in his car for months after the holidays are over (as long as it's cold outside, he's listening!!!)
1953;3;This is a good Cd of Christmas songs and Christmas classics sung by Faith Hill in her unique style.
1953;4;My husband loves Christmas music and plays it in his car for months after the holidays are over (as long as it's cold outside, he's listening!!!)
1953;5;My husband loves Christmas music and plays it in his car for months after the holidays are over (as long as it's cold outside, he's listening!!!)
1953;6;Sharing the southern love into your home, definitely amazing vocalist....This is incredible holiday collectors edition, if you love Faith bring her to your home and family...For all ages.
1953;7;Purchased one for a friend to make a long car trip home for Christmas this year bearable and she loved it...If you are a Christmas tune freak like me.
1953;8;"Away in a Manger" has a wonderful arrangement and Faith performs this faultlessly
1953;9;My husband loves Christmas music and plays it in his car for months after the holidays are over (as long as it's cold outside, he's listening!!!)
1953;10;My husband loves Christmas music and plays it in his car for months after the holidays are over (as long as it's cold outside, he's listening!!!)
1952;1;It plays like a fantastic guitar power pop album, hitting all the bases along the way - garage rock, baroque rock, psychedelic rock, Americana rock, all in less than 35 minutes!
1952;2;There are different colors of vinyl and I received the green swirl although it was on Amazon as blue.
1952;3;The Vinyl is in very good shape and today the salesman sent me an e-mail saying about to make a cover's change (to find me a new cover) in my next travel to USA.
1952;4;Even though this is actually a compilation and not an official part of the Beatles canon, it has become one of my very favorite Beatle albums.
1952;5;Even though this is actually a compilation and not an official part of the Beatles canon, it has become one of my very favorite Beatle albums.
1952;6;Even though this is actually a compilation and not an official part of the Beatles canon, it has become one of my very favorite Beatle albums.
1952;7;The CD is great in the car as well as in the CD/DVD drive of my computer.
1952;8;Even though this is actually a compilation and not an official part of the Beatles canon, it has become one of my very favorite Beatle albums.
1952;9;Great packaging, great sound quality, fun second paste over cover in the form of a sticker.
1952;10;Still, I LOVE this album, and yes it is the USA version with ......
1955;1;Beautifl song...  THE ESSENTIAL BARBRA STREISAND is the album that all fans can enjoy.
1955;2;Equal time is given to each decade (her jazz-infused glory years in the sixties, her pop crossovers in the seventies, and her return to Broadway in the eighties and nineties), so new listeners can get an idea of which time period they prefer to explore more thoroughly.
1955;3;If you're just discovering Barbra and want a good retrospection of her fabulous career, I recommend this.
1955;4;Equal time is given to each decade (her jazz-infused glory years in the sixties, her pop crossovers in the seventies, and her return to Broadway in the eighties and nineties), so new listeners can get an idea of which time period they prefer to explore more thoroughly.
1955;5;This remastered 2 CD collection is quite a coup in that it traces her best moments of an amazing career and focuses on key signature performances from her most popular albums.
1955;6;her voice will always be beautiful in our hearts,,, she can sing anything her way and her style... she makes us feel at home and relaxed....I love her music... next is all her movies i want to collect.....and finish up her collections... she can act,drama,funny,and other.
1955;7;Equal time is given to each decade (her jazz-infused glory years in the sixties, her pop crossovers in the seventies, and her return to Broadway in the eighties and nineties), so new listeners can get an idea of which time period they prefer to explore more thoroughly.
1955;8;Her voice brings songs alive with an emotion that is uncomparable, and a power that is chilling.
1955;9;Equal time is given to each decade (her jazz-infused glory years in the sixties, her pop crossovers in the seventies, and her return to Broadway in the eighties and nineties), so new listeners can get an idea of which time period they prefer to explore more thoroughly.
1955;10;I love Barbra and have ALL her records.
1954;1;These are the "little things" that seperate the good artists from the great ones, and this is where PJ started pulling away from the pack.
1954;2;One of the greatest rock albums ever released, strong sound, lyrics,voice!
1954;3;These are the "little things" that seperate the good artists from the great ones, and this is where PJ started pulling away from the pack.
1954;4;One of the greatest rock albums ever released, strong sound, lyrics,voice!
1954;5;Read the packaging while listening to it too, it certainly adds to the enjoyment.
1954;6;One of the greatest rock albums ever released, strong sound, lyrics,voice!
1954;7;They quiet things down on "Nothing Man" & "Better Man" and "Not For You" is probably the best song on the album with it's slow, driving and powerful beat.
1954;8;One of the greatest rock albums ever released, strong sound, lyrics,voice!
1954;9;A fun and friendly song, mixed in with a sing-along chorus... it was (and is) a radio smash.
1954;10;Also love how Amazon gives you a free MP3 version to listen to on my smart phone.
1965;1;Good music like  he is singing  shipped in time
1965;2;In his songs you feel love, pain, loss, rebirth (Hallellujah is a gem!)
1965;3;Good music like  he is singing  shipped in time
1965;4;This is an inspiring listen.
1965;5;This is an inspiring listen.
1965;6;Beautifully produced, clean, crisp even if he does thank his band and singers too much.
1965;7;This is an inspiring listen.
1965;8;There are very few singer-songwriters who have managed to capture in music, lyrics and performance, as many of the universal experiences and emotions as Leonard Cohen does here.
1965;9;This is an inspiring listen.
1965;10;Randy Newman did and so did a handful of others...But aside from a couple of over-orchestrated cuts, this wonderfully serene concert recording reminds us why we're here bust also why love has vanished from so many domains in life in which it once held steady, through eg.:.
1964;1;All Of the CD is good though.
1964;2;Still the Queen of Soul
1964;3;All Of the CD is good though.
1964;4;Still the Queen of Soul
1964;5;Still the Queen of Soul
1964;6;I attended one concert where she did "I Will Always Love You" and she brought the house down LITERALLY!
1964;7;Still the Queen of Soul
1964;8;Still the Queen of Soul
1964;9;She danced, she sang, she played the grand piano, and we were simply floored.
1964;10;I only wish on her next album, she actually does a couple of songs with Prince, because that there is a match made in heaven...The CD is wonderful.
1967;1;Great Album... we need a NEW "Babara of this time" to laugh, cry and have fun with!
1967;2;Nevertheless, this CD offers some rarities for fans like me...For new entrants, I recommend the many Streisand classic albums available here at Amazon.com...Its very interesting to listen to Streisand's effort to do a Tom Jobim song, originally an instrumental which should not have lyrics since its a very hard and inadequate song to put voice in.
1967;3;The opener "Being Good Isn't Good Enough" is breathtaking with Streisand's performance from 1985 victorious with a bit of grit as she sings, "I'll be the best or nothing at all."
1967;4;Nevertheless, this CD offers some rarities for fans like me...For new entrants, I recommend the many Streisand classic albums available here at Amazon.com...Its very interesting to listen to Streisand's effort to do a Tom Jobim song, originally an instrumental which should not have lyrics since its a very hard and inadequate song to put voice in.
1967;5;Oh, Barbra......You can read any other of these reviews and be told how inexplicably wonderful and talented Barbra Joan Streisand was and is.
1967;6;So, intelligently Barbra has decided to include 11 tracks that were dropped from some of her album recordings to give them a "home" of their own... "Release Me" includes 11 amazing and beautiful songs, tracks Barbra says, "The thing I am most happiest about is that I still have a great affection for these songs.
1967;7;She travels alot and she can listen to it in her car.
1967;8;Nevertheless, this CD offers some rarities for fans like me...For new entrants, I recommend the many Streisand classic albums available here at Amazon.com...Its very interesting to listen to Streisand's effort to do a Tom Jobim song, originally an instrumental which should not have lyrics since its a very hard and inadequate song to put voice in.
1967;9;Great Album... we need a NEW "Babara of this time" to laugh, cry and have fun with!
1967;10;I purchased this for myself and I love it.
1966;1;good singer from the past, great voice and music
1966;2;Although I wasn't born when she was at her peek, My  family loved her songs, and I grew up hearing and her, although the sons are sad I have good memories of those great singers of the forties.
1966;3;good singer from the past, great voice and music
1966;4;This CD is more than excellent.
1966;5;This CD is more than excellent.
1966;6;This CD is more than excellent.
1966;7;I play it all the time in my car, and it's totally relaxing to listen to her creamy voice.
1966;8;Although I wasn't born when she was at her peek, My  family loved her songs, and I grew up hearing and her, although the sons are sad I have good memories of those great singers of the forties.
1966;9;Fun and full of life that is the way that I remembered Etta.
1966;10;My new daughter-in-law loves the old classics and I got her this for her Christmas sock last year a couple weeks after their wedding.
1961;1;Worth the money if you enjoy some good music.
1961;2;Anyone could relate to the track, but Reba who just turned 60 on March 28th, has had a career full of ups and downs and this fits her well..."That's When I Knew" is another country-sounding track that starts out sad but becomes uplifting by the end.
1961;3;Starting with the opening track and the album's first single, "Going Out Like That," to the closing self-pinned religious, "Pray For Peace," the flamed-hair singer has an album full of tracks fans of all ages will enjoy including a new batch of "strong women songs" Reba is known for recording..."Going Out Like That" is a strong lead single as it helps break the bro country trend that's been dominating lately.
1961;4;She always gives her audience everything she has whether it's in a concert or on a CD!
1961;5;She always gives her audience everything she has whether it's in a concert or on a CD!
1961;6;She always gives her audience everything she has whether it's in a concert or on a CD!
1961;7;She always gives her audience everything she has whether it's in a concert or on a CD!
1961;8;Anyone could relate to the track, but Reba who just turned 60 on March 28th, has had a career full of ups and downs and this fits her well..."That's When I Knew" is another country-sounding track that starts out sad but becomes uplifting by the end.
1961;9;She always gives her audience everything she has whether it's in a concert or on a CD!
1961;10;The productions features funky rock drums loud in the mix, hand claps on the chorus, a gospel choir that adds flair and haunting high piano taps in the bridge..."Promise Me Love" is a mid tempo romantic love song that could easily be used at someone's wedding and resembles her 1998 hit "Forever Love."
1960;1;These guys are fantastic...and when you've seen them perform "live" you enjoy their music even more.
1960;2;An an avid Celtic Thunder fan, I have been delighted with all of their CDs.
1960;3;Nice easy listening music to calm the savage beast.
1960;4;An an avid Celtic Thunder fan, I have been delighted with all of their CDs.
1960;5;An an avid Celtic Thunder fan, I have been delighted with all of their CDs.
1960;6;I love their music, and like to listen to it at home and when I am on the road.
1960;7;An an avid Celtic Thunder fan, I have been delighted with all of their CDs.
1960;8;An an avid Celtic Thunder fan, I have been delighted with all of their CDs.
1960;9;Makes one want to get up and dance, clap your hands and stomp your feet!
1960;10;You will love the lads of Celtic Thunder as they perform & sing songs with those awesome voices.
1963;1;It's better than I expected and reminds me of the breakthrough albums for other young female pop/ rock artists who dared to take a chance and hit " homeruns"  I am 50 years older than the artist and happy to say I can enjoy this without comparing it to anything else
1963;2;For sport, I'll pick a few songs that I think could be singles, and you can refer back to this review that you found future singles here...People have said Miley is trying to be a bad girl, but if you look deep enough, she might have a few other messages to say.
1963;3;This entire CD is good.
1963;4;For sport, I'll pick a few songs that I think could be singles, and you can refer back to this review that you found future singles here...People have said Miley is trying to be a bad girl, but if you look deep enough, she might have a few other messages to say.
1963;5;Love the songs throughout the entire CD.
1963;6;Not a huge fan of Miley but do like her music - this is a good cd to rock out to when working around the house, cooking dinner, etc.
1963;7;i love everything about miley cyrus,so i ordered this cd to bump it in my car when im driving,i recieved it and i listened to it and its great,theres only a couple songs on it that i like
1963;8;Miley's lyrics touched me deeply
1963;9;`4x4' is a brilliant way to fuse her club sound with her country roots, giving us a line dance on speed with a chant worthy chorus (you just WANT to sing along) and fun lyrics...And then she SLAYS us with two of the most beautifully composed ballads I've heard in a long time.
1963;10;i love everything about miley cyrus,so i ordered this cd to bump it in my car when im driving,i recieved it and i listened to it and its great,theres only a couple songs on it that i like
1962;1;Now once you have your shiny new EQ installed (you're more than welcome) and I hope a good speaker setup you're ready to enjoy this offering (start with the simple interface of the two offered when launching).
1962;2;If Rush is considered the thinking mans metal band VT is fuel for genius.
1962;3;Don't worry, easy to do...APO first then Peace, it will see APO and you're good to go, just launch Peace.
1962;4;If Rush is considered the thinking mans metal band VT is fuel for genius.
1962;5;If Rush is considered the thinking mans metal band VT is fuel for genius.
1962;6;It's the same album, just "cleaned up" a bit!
1962;7;In fact, I was so turned off that I didn't purchase Snakes and Arrows until two years after its initial release, but I eventually warmed up to that album due to a road trip.
1962;8;Reflections on this tragedy endow the lyrics with poignant meaning, and the joy of finally returning to music-making ultimately gives the album an optimism and joie de vivre that makes for great rock music.
1962;9;If Rush is considered the thinking mans metal band VT is fuel for genius.
1962;10;I have always loved these songs.
1942;1;A similar difference in Stop That Train - the Jamaican version has a spikier energy which was mellowed out by Island records for release...It really is nice to have both albums together back to back, and at a good price.
1942;2;This is likely my favorite album from this group.
1942;3;A similar difference in Stop That Train - the Jamaican version has a spikier energy which was mellowed out by Island records for release...It really is nice to have both albums together back to back, and at a good price.
1942;4;This is likely my favorite album from this group.
1942;5;This is likely my favorite album from this group.
1942;6;The remastering sounds great on both CD's and everyone will have their favourite comparison to draw between the Jamaican studio mixes and the Wailers-approved overdubbed mixes cooked up in London by Chris Blackwell.
1942;7;This album finds the original Wailers -- Marley, Tosh and  Bunny -- at their driven, inspired best.
1942;8;The lyrics, excellent, socially-conscious, covered with  Jamaica sunshine.
1942;9;This beautiful song of faith and friendship (which was previously included only on the Songs of Freedom box set)is perhaps one of my favorite Marley tunes.
1942;10;I love "COncrete Jungle" and "Slave  Driver" the best.
1943;1;I really enjoy this cd.
1943;2;Loved her voice, the songs are great, also old time jazzy blues style.
1943;3;easy and good experience - fast delivery
1943;4;The album photos show her sporting a very 50s hairstyle, a leopard spot top and tight fitting capri pants.
1943;5;Loved her voice, the songs are great, also old time jazzy blues style.
1943;6;Loved her voice, the songs are great, also old time jazzy blues style.
1943;7;I played the album's title song over and over again during a 300-mile car trip and still couldn't get enough...She's much bigger in Ireland and the UK than on this side of the pond, but she will be a mammoth star here as well.
1943;8;Loved her voice, the songs are great, also old time jazzy blues style.
1943;9;Loved her voice, the songs are great, also old time jazzy blues style.
1943;10;Loved her voice, the songs are great, also old time jazzy blues style.
1940;1;From the new single "Woo," to the pensive "Life Has A Way," Anthony covers many moods and emotions...I would hope that this terrific singer and musician could have the same kind of breakout that Adele has enjoyed this year.
1940;2;Penultimate cut "Who's Loving You" has a nice 6/8 feel about it and delivers a notable refrain: "Hey there, I'm missing you crazy/I've been thinking...wondering who's loving you..."  Songwriting remains strong on the penultimate and excellent closing cut, "Life Has A Way."
1940;3;Thank you Mr. Hamilton for giving us this good music.
1940;4;Penultimate cut "Who's Loving You" has a nice 6/8 feel about it and delivers a notable refrain: "Hey there, I'm missing you crazy/I've been thinking...wondering who's loving you..."  Songwriting remains strong on the penultimate and excellent closing cut, "Life Has A Way."
1940;5;Penultimate cut "Who's Loving You" has a nice 6/8 feel about it and delivers a notable refrain: "Hey there, I'm missing you crazy/I've been thinking...wondering who's loving you..."  Songwriting remains strong on the penultimate and excellent closing cut, "Life Has A Way."
1940;6;Penultimate cut "Who's Loving You" has a nice 6/8 feel about it and delivers a notable refrain: "Hey there, I'm missing you crazy/I've been thinking...wondering who's loving you..."  Songwriting remains strong on the penultimate and excellent closing cut, "Life Has A Way."
1940;7;Penultimate cut "Who's Loving You" has a nice 6/8 feel about it and delivers a notable refrain: "Hey there, I'm missing you crazy/I've been thinking...wondering who's loving you..."  Songwriting remains strong on the penultimate and excellent closing cut, "Life Has A Way."
1940;8;The lyrics have meaning, the instrumentation is great and his voice is reminiscent of Bill Withers.
1940;9;It's also music you can dance to.
1940;10;Love this CD, its so romantic and smooth.
1941;1;It is really good i really think whoever buys this will be happy with your purchase .
1941;2;Hillary Scott, Charles Kelley and Dave Haywood perform at their very best on this fine CD
1941;3;It is really good i really think whoever buys this will be happy with your purchase .
1941;4;I saw these guys in an interview once and now I enjoy their music even more than before.
1941;5;I saw these guys in an interview once and now I enjoy their music even more than before.
1941;6;Excellent CD - their songs choices were great and this will be in heavy rotation during the next holiday period at my home.
1941;7;I saw these guys in an interview once and now I enjoy their music even more than before.
1941;8;Hillary Scott, Charles Kelley and Dave Haywood perform at their very best on this fine CD
1941;9;Upbeat and fun to hear.
1941;10;You will love this Christmas album!
1938;1;Tom Petty and his group show us again how to enjoy and play good music.
1938;2;If you have a surround system and a blue ray player, this disk is well worth the reasonable price I payed at Amazon.
1938;3;'Good Enough' - it's more than good enough
1938;4;'High In The Morning' - another strong song backed by a great story.
1938;5;From the opening blues rant of "Jefferson Jericho Blues" to the incendiary "First Flash of Freedom" to the gorgeous "The Trip To Pirate's Cove," each tune is a study in tone, lyricism, and taste.
1938;6;Get the Bluray instead and you can convert your FLAC to lousy compressed lossy MP3 for your portable iPod or burn it to a CD for the car but still have the amazing High Resolution sound at home...24 bit sound is an enormous improvement over the CD or MP3.
1938;7;'The Trip To Pirate's Cove' - compelling, excellent lyrics.
1938;8;'The Trip To Pirate's Cove' - compelling, excellent lyrics.
1938;9;'High In The Morning' - another strong song backed by a great story.
1938;10;Bottom line: great Petty's music (probably the best since Wildflowers which I would also love to see on a hi-def carrier) in a mind-blowing hi-def.
1939;1;The music is fresh and just happy and fun to listen to.
1939;2;And "Ram On" is a simple, heartfelt statement of what for him made life worth living in the midst of the Beatles' wreckage: finally giving his heart completely..."Ram" isn't perfect.
1939;3;rocker while "Sunshine Sometime" is a nice easy-listening song...I'm pleasantly surprised by how good this remaster/reissue is.
1939;4;And "Ram On" is a simple, heartfelt statement of what for him made life worth living in the midst of the Beatles' wreckage: finally giving his heart completely..."Ram" isn't perfect.
1939;5;plus some wonderful Sunshine and as you can read, the rest is history.
1939;6;"Monkberry Moon Delight" and "Eat At Home" are two of his most intricately constructed pop/rockers here-again domesticity seems to be the theme.
1939;7;"The Back Seat of My Car" revisits youthful longing and lust, and culminates in a full-on vocal by McCartney that's as raw as "Oh!
1939;8;Unfairly savaged at the time of its original release, Paul McCartney's second solo album, "Ram," is a magnificent tour de force, combining complex, soaring melodies and arrangements with playful lyrics that, while they often verge on nonsense, are consistently evocative, powerful, and effective in context.
1939;9;The music is fresh and just happy and fun to listen to.
1939;10;"Long-Haired Lady" and "Eat at Home" are love songs, the latter a clear tribute to Buddy Holly.
1936;1;Back then I enjoyed his playing, but never really got in to him.
1936;2;The album continues with probably the most inspiring and powerful Ozzy/Randy song "Crazy Train" running the track at full speed.
1936;3;His musical genius combined with his reputed good nature, made for one extraordinary human being.
1936;4;The album continues with probably the most inspiring and powerful Ozzy/Randy song "Crazy Train" running the track at full speed.
1936;5;I've always liked Ozzy Osbourne, but the main focus of this album (for me, anyway) is Randy Rhoads, as it is a tribute to him.
1936;6;He just had an endless bag of tricks and skills...By all accounts RR was a very humble and pretty clean living guy.
1936;7;The album continues with probably the most inspiring and powerful Ozzy/Randy song "Crazy Train" running the track at full speed.
1936;8;The album continues with probably the most inspiring and powerful Ozzy/Randy song "Crazy Train" running the track at full speed.
1936;9;A fun and fast-paced track that leaves you reeling and this rendition has a drum solo to boot.
1936;10;It is one he listens too often so I would recommend it for those folks that love Ozzy's music.
1937;1;I just got this CD and it is very good.
1937;2;For real,not blue eyed soul but powerful sex music, that's what this is.
1937;3;I just got this CD and it is very good.
1937;4;Rarely do you find a cd that has every cut worth listening too, worth singing too, worth repeating over and over again.....it is excellent.
1937;5;Rarely do you find a cd that has every cut worth listening too, worth singing too, worth repeating over and over again.....it is excellent.
1937;6;Its in my car, at home, computer at work and mp3 player.
1937;7;I heard this during a car trip this past holiday and I loved it.
1937;8;He brings to life the stories and emotions of the last 2 years of his life.
1937;9;Urban dance music for lovers.
1937;10;THis album tells the tales of love, loss, temptation, redemption and finding hope when all the odds are against you.
1950;1;The guitar riffs are killer and it just makes me feel good all over.
1950;2;They never put out a bad album and always putting their heart and soul in every release.
1950;3;The guitar riffs are killer and it just makes me feel good all over.
1950;4;All in all this is another great Pantera album that any Pantera or metal fan should own.
1950;5;Even back a few years ago, I remember reading reviews and hearing comments about "The Great Southern Trendkill", actually downing it if you can believe it, saying there "is not enough melody", "just noise", et cetera.
1950;6;On Pantera's "Official Live" album Phil said it best "... You won't hear this next song anywhere but in your car, at home, or on this fxxkin' stage, and that's the way it should be...".
1950;7;On Pantera's "Official Live" album Phil said it best "... You won't hear this next song anywhere but in your car, at home, or on this fxxkin' stage, and that's the way it should be...".
1950;8;Phil's lyrics also are more aggressive than usual, and Dimebag's guitars are awesome as usual, he is an amazing metal guitarist (Kerry King isn't too far behind).
1950;9;Some people want all fun and games all the time, and when somebody brings a deeper perspective from his/her own life experiences... it can be hard if you don't directly relate to the subject material and are resistant to explore another person's life experiences...TGSTK is about... killing the trendiness that metal had evolved into in the mid-late 90s.
1950;10;Floods: 5/5 (Love that solo).
1951;1;Music  and the book I fun read and good listening sure anyone that hears will enjoy.
1951;2;It was a good addition to my Twilight music collection.
1951;3;It was a good addition to my Twilight music collection.
1951;4;It was a good addition to my Twilight music collection.
1951;5;Music  and the book I fun read and good listening sure anyone that hears will enjoy.
1951;6;It was a good addition to my Twilight music collection.
1951;7;I have all five of the cd's in my car and I play them all the time.
1951;8;It was a good addition to my Twilight music collection.
1951;9;Music  and the book I fun read and good listening sure anyone that hears will enjoy.
1951;10;Loved all the songs, except for one.
1948;1;It's good to know someone still puts their Heart and Soul into their Music.
1948;2;And Sheila E. kicks some serious booty on the percussion..."Dance" is beautiful, sexy, sad.
1948;3;It's good to know someone still puts their Heart and Soul into their Music.
1948;4;"Incense & Candles" is another one of those sexy numbers that sports much quality and style.
1948;5;It is certainly more accomplished and focused than 2004's Musicology.
1948;6;Another standout is "Fury," a rock joint that reminds one of his indefinite range and ability.....My personal favorite is the haunting melody of "The Dance."
1948;7;Should be great in the car or at a party.
1948;8;"Satisfied", "The Word," and "Beautiful, Loved, and Blessed" reflect the singer's spirituality but still have those nuances that are so characteristic of the singer's lyrics...But, the best cut is a paean to fidelity called "Lolita."
1948;9;The opening track, "3121" is reminiscent of that young funk child that catapulted into superstardom
1948;10;It's a standout track that I love to hear over and over.
1949;1;I knew they had the good dance music, that endeared them to a generation, in them.
1949;2;A Pain That I'm Used To : Probably the 2nd best track on the album after Precious and will be their 2nd single as rumor has it.
1949;3;I knew they had the good dance music, that endeared them to a generation, in them.
1949;4;A Pain That I'm Used To : Probably the 2nd best track on the album after Precious and will be their 2nd single as rumor has it.
1949;5;Each song carries a world unto itself that opens up new vistas with every listen...I have read that Martin Gore's recent divorce has colored these songs with imprints of pain, and concern for his children.
1949;6;A Pain That I'm Used To : Probably the 2nd best track on the album after Precious and will be their 2nd single as rumor has it.
1949;7;"Damaged People" is also very good, with its mumured vocals and driving synths and some chilling effects.
1949;8;Love the music, love the lyrics.
1949;9;I knew they had the good dance music, that endeared them to a generation, in them.
1949;10;"Nothings Impossible" is catchy and relevant to to many who are looking to find love again.
1946;1;It has a unique solo done with some sort of woodwind instrument, and it also sounds very raw, which in my opinion is a good thing...Overall, a great album that all Countdown fans will enjoy.
1946;2;also good lyrics, dave singing the chorus in french was cool, sad song though about some guy dying or something and music sets the mood for someone passing away after saying his dying words.
1946;3;Ok now I am talking about Youthanasia the best megadeth album there is (rust in peace is good but overated really).
1946;4;"Youth" sports gigantic, killer riffs with the best being on "Reckoning Day", "Victory", well, mostly all of them get in your head one way or another.
1946;5;This album, like Countdown, focuses more on rhythm, and genuine songwriting, and it works nealry perfectly.
1946;6;The drums are again pounding and the guitars have a great distorted, and sometimes clean, sound too.
1946;7;Train of Consequences 10/10- One of the biggest hits off "Youthanasia" is also one of the most memorable with a driving beat and decent vocals.
1946;8;also good lyrics, dave singing the chorus in french was cool, sad song though about some guy dying or something and music sets the mood for someone passing away after saying his dying words.
1946;9;It's about having the chance to say goodbye if something happened unexpectedly...As for the bonus tracks, "Millennium of the Blind" is a fun little out-take but nothing I'd listen to alot.
1946;10;I'd love to have had a couple thrashers, to compliment what's here, but oh well.
1947;1;Heavy guitars (that are actually heavy), awesome solos, a vocalist who can scream and sing flawlessly, who has a soft side at times, a great drummer who can pound the double bass, and a good bassist.
1947;2;p.s.the title track is the best song ever for a bad day those of you who have heard it know what im talking about
1947;3;Heavy guitars (that are actually heavy), awesome solos, a vocalist who can scream and sing flawlessly, who has a soft side at times, a great drummer who can pound the double bass, and a good bassist.
1947;4;Pantera is THE GREATEST metal band of the 90's and one of the best ever.
1947;5;Even back a few years ago, I remember reading reviews and hearing comments about "The Great Southern Trendkill", actually downing it if you can believe it, saying there "is not enough melody", "just noise", et cetera.
1947;6;On Pantera's "Official Live" album Phil said it best "... You won't hear this next song anywhere but in your car, at home, or on this fxxkin' stage, and that's the way it should be...".
1947;7;On Pantera's "Official Live" album Phil said it best "... You won't hear this next song anywhere but in your car, at home, or on this fxxkin' stage, and that's the way it should be...".
1947;8;Good lyrics and good acoustic guitars.
1947;9;Some people want all fun and games all the time, and when somebody brings a deeper perspective from his/her own life experiences... it can be hard if you don't directly relate to the subject material and are resistant to explore another person's life experiences...TGSTK is about... killing the trendiness that metal had evolved into in the mid-late 90s.
1947;10;I just loved Phils screaming and agression.
1944;1;The former is reminiscent to me of some of her work from the&nbsp
1944;2;It's soothing, wonderful and almost sad...I love all the songs, and I can't say enough about it, it's an easy choice when you want something great to listen to.
1944;3;Its very good when you want to go to sleep or relax..."Amerantine" is very beautiful song and "its in the rain" are my two favorite!
1944;4;It's In the Rain is one of the songs, that I can just hear her voice naturally.
1944;5;It's In the Rain is one of the songs, that I can just hear her voice naturally.
1944;6;The songs are all new, yet they are at once as familiar as being home with your loved ones...I don't know, nor do I care, how she and her producer manage to get it right every time.
1944;7;It's In the Rain is one of the songs, that I can just hear her voice naturally.
1944;8;In a quasi celtic / new age style Enya manifests brilliant vocals, thought provoking lyrics and beautifully synthesized musical backdrops that add up to much more than mood setting music...Amarantine, although a long time in coming, is brilliant and well worth the wait.
1944;9;It sounds like a dance in slow motion in the middle of winter, simply amazing
1944;10;Her crystal clear melodious voice takes me to some really nice spaces and I love the soft and atmospheric synthesizer created music accompanying her.
1945;1;I love those from him...But i also enjoy the songs where he's clowning or just having fun like "My Name Is", "Shake That" w/Nate Dogg (with a sick beat to it) and "Just Lose It".
1945;2;If you're a fan of Eminem then this is a buy for you, or if you like Em but haven't been able to collect his albums then this is a perfect CD for you.
1945;3;All of these songs are pretty good, and When I'm Gone made a little noise at the end of 2005 on radio charts...Overall, Emimem is a rap phenomenon as can be evidenced by the fact that there are even college courses that are centered on Eminem.
1945;4;If you're a fan of Eminem then this is a buy for you, or if you like Em but haven't been able to collect his albums then this is a perfect CD for you.
1945;5;Great sounding...I say, go for it...In the future, I'd love to read a biography written by Marshall Mathers, and 'free-style' albums, with raps such as Microphone.
1945;6;cleaning out my closet-a very good track about his mom 5/5.
1945;7;I thoroughly enjoy this CD, and it has not been removed from the car CD player for days.
1945;8;His lyrics and style have set him apart from day one, and he isn't afraid to say Fu@k u to anyone who doesn't like his messages.
1945;9;Sure it's not ground-breaking hip-hop or even really "music", but its fun and different.
1945;10;You are adored and loved.
1927;1;If you enjoy the raw Zeppelin sound you will will be hard to go back to the studio sound from the first 4 albums.
1927;2;This cd contains an awesome collection of hard rock songs,  with some good true blue songs to the mix.
1927;3;There are multiple versions of some stuff here, but it's all good.
1927;4;This CD had such a neat picture of all the guys on it.
1927;5;Now, some live recordings of the Hammer of the Gods are plagued by a lack of focus by the band and erratic vocals by Robert Plant, but he is in absolute top shape on these two discs, and that's a major part of what makes the "BBC Sessions" so wonderful.
1927;6;A strikingly rich , sharp , clean sound to his solo in this track.
1927;7;"Traveling Riverside Blues" (not released on a studio album) is a terrific change-of-pace, and "What Is and What Should Never Be" is performed to great effect.
1927;8;This CD had such a neat picture of all the guys on it.
1927;9;And Zep's piano-driven blusn n' boogie version of Eddie Cochran's "Somethin' Else" is pure rock n' roll fun.
1927;10;greatest cd ever, It came in perfect condition and I love this cd.
1926;1;Sounds great, very good sound, and most of all very fun to listen too.
1926;2;Morrison Hotel, in a way, was a return-to-form for the Doors, ending the experimentation that did them both good and bad on their previous 2 albums (Waiting for the Sun, and the Soft Parade), but yet it was a new album for the group as well.
1926;3;Morrison Hotel, in a way, was a return-to-form for the Doors, ending the experimentation that did them both good and bad on their previous 2 albums (Waiting for the Sun, and the Soft Parade), but yet it was a new album for the group as well.
1926;4;Densmore's drumming is awesome and Manzerek's keyboard playing is very impressive!
1926;5;To that end, the vastly underrated guitar work of Robbie Krieger is the musical focus of this work, from the galloping intro of Roadhouse Blues to the trebly riff which closes out Maggie McGill, this album is a Krieger showcase.
1926;6;Densmore's drumming is awesome and Manzerek's keyboard playing is very impressive!
1926;7;It is a raucous roadhouse filled with blues, driving rock and darkly poetic images.
1926;8;As usual,  Morrison takes you on a ride from one end of the emotional scale to the  other, with penetrating music and lyrics the likes of which you'll not find  anywhere else in rock music.
1926;9;Besides, it's a great party album!
1926;10;Every song is great, and I love Robbie's guitar on "Peace Frog".
1925;1;Thank you Prince for another fantastic collection of music for us to enjoy forever.
1925;2;He's done some bad stuff, but "Purple Rain," "1999," and "Sign 'O' The Times" were outstanding work.
1925;3;very good c.d. by prince musicology is one of his many classics
1925;4;Tasty synth and organ fills add 2 the interest.
1925;5;From reviews I read, it's a return to form for his purple highness...I love this cd, right form the glossy digipak, through the songs and lyrics.
1925;6;The CD is totally clean and has escaped any lyrical or content warning, so it's safe to listen with kids or parents present!
1925;7;Tasty synth and organ fills add 2 the interest.
1925;8;.2)The lyrics r the most interesting and accessible since 'Sign o' the times'.
1925;9;"Life o' the party" is a great dance track that allows Prince to show is rap skills.
1925;10;I love the jazzy grooves, the classy horns, and the happiness and joy that it brings to so many people.
1924;1;Both sets of headphones sounded very good and pronounced.
1924;2;At the other end of the spectrum, "Goodbye, My Son" is breathtakingly quiet and sad.
1924;3;Both sets of headphones sounded very good and pronounced.
1924;4;I recommend the download as long as the app is further updated to fix bugs and you have a decent set of headphones.
1924;5;The liner note are very interesting to read.
1924;6;The difference between that and my car stereo and phillips brand home stereo was substantial because it really felt more real with the sound coming from seemingly different places.
1924;7;The difference between that and my car stereo and phillips brand home stereo was substantial because it really felt more real with the sound coming from seemingly different places.
1924;8;I am a bigger love of neo-classical music, and film scores in particular... and I love this...Full of rising and falling emotion, massive percussion that invoke images of massive battles, and some great textures (particularly towards the end), this is a must buy for lovers of mood pieces...I love it
1924;9;The music in 11.1 headphone surround was definitely interesting, unique, and fun.
1924;10;If you enjoyed the themes from The Man of Steel, then you will love this soundtrack.
1923;1;"A Must To Avoid" provides this CD with a strong ending...The liner notes include a couple of essays about Herman's Hermits and the artwork of the group reflects forethought and good judgment...Overall, Herman's Hermits enjoyed an all too brief role in the massive "British Invasion" of English music entering America during the 1960s.
1923;2;The bluesy sad "End of the World" is balanced by the entirely perky "Henry the VIII, I Am" and the hopeful "I'm into Something Good."
1923;3;Moreover, people who like classic pop vocals will thrill to numbers like "Mrs. Brown You've Got A Lovely Daughter
1923;4;"No Milk Today" sports a classic 1960s pop vocal feel to it as again they explore the subject of a love that no longer exists.
1923;5;This girl named Connie who ran for class president during my senior year had a poster made up that read "She's Wonderful, She's Marvelous, She's Fabulous, She's Beautiful...would you believe NICE?"
1923;6;The songs are singable and gave the students an appreciation of music that was popular before they were born.
1923;7;A nice musical trip down memory lane, pleasant listening
1923;8;Herman's Hermits stood out for their thoughtful, sometimes sad and frequently playful tunes that always had catchy melodies and pleasant lyrics
1923;9;This is a fun CD to listen to and to dance to.
1923;10;"A Must To Avoid" provides this CD with a strong ending...The liner notes include a couple of essays about Herman's Hermits and the artwork of the group reflects forethought and good judgment...Overall, Herman's Hermits enjoyed an all too brief role in the massive "British Invasion" of English music entering America during the 1960s.
1922;1;this is  good soundtrack with some fantastic songs if I missed giving anyone their props I sincerely apologize and am sorry for overlooking you !!!!
1922;2;Faith Evans' "Kissing You" is probably the best song she ever did, while Whitney Houston (who also played a main character in the movie) scored with her three contributions ("Exhale", "Why Does It Hurt So Bad", "Count on Me" with CeCe Winans).
1922;3;A great soundtrack overall and well worth looking into, and the movie is pretty good too!
1922;4;Thanks for the almost 20 minute version at your concert in Washington, D.C..
1922;5;Thanks for the almost 20 minute version at your concert in Washington, D.C..
1922;6;"Kissing You" by Faith, "Love Will Be Waiting At Home" by For Real, and "How Can You Call Her Baby?"
1922;7;Thanks for the almost 20 minute version at your concert in Washington, D.C..
1922;8;Faith Evans' "Kissing You" is probably the best song she ever did, while Whitney Houston (who also played a main character in the movie) scored with her three contributions ("Exhale", "Why Does It Hurt So Bad", "Count on Me" with CeCe Winans).
1922;9;This is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
1922;10;"My Love, Sweet Love," by Patti "Lady Marmalade" LaBelle is soooo pretty!
1921;1;A couple of good songs, bought used for a good price so I'm happy with purchase
1921;2;I love The Guess Who and this is a great collection of their work!
1921;3;very nicely done, good remaster
1921;4;I love The Guess Who and this is a great collection of their work!
1921;5;I love The Guess Who and this is a great collection of their work!
1921;6;Burton Cumming's voice is amazing, and the band produces a clean, integrated sound - the Guess Who rocks!
1921;7;It's an album that I take on every road trip, and play every time.
1921;8;I love the heartfelt emotion of "Laughing", "Undun" and "These Eyes" and the good time rockin of the classic "American Woman" and "Hand Me Down World".
1921;9;I love The Guess Who and this is a great collection of their work!
1921;10;I love The Guess Who and this is a great collection of their work!
1920;1;This is such a good song with powerful lyrics, and it gives a happy take on saying goodbye.
1920;2;The song is perfect, and it always picks me up on a bad day.
1920;3;Here Dave shows that his voice fits more than one type of music, that's for sure...`Let You Down' has such a calm and peaceful vibe to it, very laid back and relaxing.
1920;4;I'd probably have to say its "great".
1920;5;I always sit and put this one on when its time to study for an exam or even read.
1920;6;So Much to Say- (10 of 10)- I actually read a review on this page that criticized my favorite line in this song, "And my heaven is a nice house in the sky, got central heating, and I'm all right, yeah, yeah, yeah."
1920;7;It is perfect for car trips or just relaxing.
1920;8;The album continues to hit for many reasons
1920;9;"Two Step" makes me dance around the living room on my tippy toes, "#41" makes me bluesy and seductive, "Crash" will make you look across the room at your SO and love them even more for just being in the same realm of you, "So much to say" and "Two Much" are the fun songs to sing-a-long ones on the CD.
1920;10;It simply talks about the story of a boy who is born, grows up, and eventually see's his friends and loved ones die off as he is there to stay.
1935;1;She appears to be having a good time and the mood is more fun and upbeat.
1935;2;Sure Barbra's voice has matured a little, however this is not a bad thing at all... This beautiful voice is pure, honest and wrapped in perfect pitch!
1935;3;Sure Barbra's voice has matured a little, however this is not a bad thing at all... This beautiful voice is pure, honest and wrapped in perfect pitch!
1935;4;"Nice 'N' Easy" given a new life being a nice mix of a gorgeous seductive vocal surrounded by a richly romantic arrangement with cool jazz inflections featuring nice 'n' easy Chris Botti on Trumpet...stellar performance of "That Face" is given an appealing big-band workout, another exotic gem "So Many Stars" is dreamy with a lush Brazilian arrangement featuring a vocal that is so fine.
1935;5;I think I read another review on here that said this album reminds the person again why they are a fan, and that is the best way to sum it up.
1935;6;Congratulations Barbra, you have brought it home and then some!
1935;7;Okay sure, she'll vocalize when in the car heading to the studio, but that's it.
1935;8;I can write about the music, the lyrics, Barbra's vocal delivery, song choice, production value, thematic ideas...there's plenty to write about...- You don't need to write about all that.
1935;9;Fun, a bit sassy and totally Broadway, the song compliments Barbra Streisand's voice (and vice versa).
1935;10;"Alone in the World" is a love song, and this is what she does best.
1934;1;An amazing album that I wish I had heard in its entirety years ago...RECOMMENDATION: For younger readers - If you enjoyed this album then you should also check out 'The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway' by Genesis.
1934;2;I highly recommend this album
1934;3;Leftoverture, for all its virtues, is simply a collection of leftover songs and spur-of-the-moment efforts which sounds remarkably good...Despite the poor 2002 remastering job, Point Of Know Return was recorded far-and-away much better than Leftoverture.
1934;4;I highly recommend this album
1934;5;POINT OF KNOW RETURN is yet another great Kansas CD, with the existential/cautionary title song and "Dust In The Wind", the Albert Einstein profile "Portrait (He Knew)", and the Howard Hughes character study "Closet Chronicles" leading the way.
1934;6;"Portrait","Lightning's Hand" & "Nobody's Home".
1934;7;I highly recommend this album
1934;8;He played "Point of No Return" and it was amazing
1934;9;"Lightning's Hand" is a great rocker that's a little cheesy but still a lot of fun with some fine guitar work by Kerry Livgren and Rich Williams.
1934;10;I highly recommend this album
1933;1;"Great" music like this - and trust me, if you have an appreciation for music, you will love this album - is only being enjoyed alone right now.
1933;2;If you love music, this cd is brilliant... If "Kind of blue" is a diamond, "In a silent way" is pure gold,  both very precious but in very different forms.
1933;3;It creates a relaxed, almost stoned feel to the lp (which could also be part of the mood of the lp- I'm sure many of the players were dope smokers).
1933;4;met where this daring piece de resistance feature three electric keyboards from Chick.
1933;5;My first album was bitches' brew and having found that during a prolonged session of study for combinatorics, I found the music absolutely stunning as I rewove my ways through some tough theorems...So I went out and bought this one right away.
1933;6;If you work at a high stress job during the day, then this is the CD you definitely want to play when you get home.
1933;7;"In a Silent Way" quickly draws you into its languidly ethereal atmosphere, driving poly-rhythms and wonderful extemporisations and, like all true jazz masterpieces, pays out enormous bonuses from repeat listening.
1933;8;met where this daring piece de resistance feature three electric keyboards from Chick.
1933;9;"Shhh/Peaceful" is one of those pieces doesn't really go anywhere but offering a fun ride as it motors along
1933;10;I love this CD by Miles Davis.
1932;1;'The Motivator' is a catchy song with a good driving force, 'Mambo Sun' is the great opener and mood setter for the album,'Lean Woman Blues' is a great "happy" blues song, and almost a live, written on the spot kind of song!
1932;2;The mix of Bolan's poems set to music mingled with Tony's production and orchestral arrangements are captured perfectly in "Cosmic Dancer," my favorite track on the album...There's not a bad song here.
1932;3;If you are stranded on desert island, then probably should wish for good food and fresh water.
1932;4;One of the great rock  albums of all time.
1932;5;Bolan focused his Tolkein-esque world into a postmodern blend of 50s rock and 60s cosmic vision that created the 70s and influenced everyone in England at the time.
1932;6;Vinyl is really and truly the way that this band was meant to be experienced in home...If you enjoy this album, also be on the lookout for 'The Slider', the follow-up to this album...Highly recommended!
1932;7;I listen to it in the car for the most part.
1932;8;Set those lyrics to an incredible and original groove, and voila!
1932;9;All the little babes loved it, and the big poster of Mr Bolen graced the bedroom wall of many a love sick teen age girl...But back to the music, This is a fun, mostly happy romp of an album with mostly bare bones rock/pop songs that make you want to sing along, even dance.
1932;10;It's the album with the 11 songs we know and love.
1931;1;His fun, playful side is also pleasently presented with "Another Saturday Night," and the beautiful, reflective, happy "(Remember the Day of the) Old Schoolyard"...Every song is amazing
1931;2;This  is an album that will "carry you back, like your dad's best jeans  denim blue, faded up to the sky".
1931;3;peace train brings back fond memories of the stories our parents tell in regards to women's rights, vietnam resistance, and other significant triumphs which have taken place in the past decades.
1931;4;I predict that you will enjoy "Morning Has Broken" very, very much..."Peace Train" sports some great guitar work as Cat Stevens sings flawlessly
1931;5;The Catman was also a very fine looking dude, if any women read this review.
1931;6;The first is a lively, joyous folk tune-love song, the second an austere, haunting prayer that is as different from the first as it is from "Morning Has Broken."
1931;7;The first is a lively, joyous folk tune-love song, the second an austere, haunting prayer that is as different from the first as it is from "Morning Has Broken."
1931;8;Still, after thirty years of  listening to the songs included on this album, while it still puzzles me  that anyone capable of creating such beautiful lyrics, enchanting melodies,  and memorable arrangements could now be so rigid and intolerant of others,  I cannot help but love the work itself.
1931;9;His fun, playful side is also pleasently presented with "Another Saturday Night," and the beautiful, reflective, happy "(Remember the Day of the) Old Schoolyard"...Every song is amazing
1931;10;I also love "Hardheaded Woman", "Wild World', and the very  early and incredibly somber rendition of "Lady D'Arbanville".
1930;1;Good Sound Quality and just a lot of fun to listen too!!
1930;2;Great for the gift it was intended to be.
1930;3;The Monkees had an incredibly good sound and their musical legacy is a fine one.
1930;4;Great for the gift it was intended to be.
1930;5;Great for the gift it was intended to be.
1930;6;MICKEY's solid RNB-influenced yelp, MIKE's nasally twang and down home ditty-writing, DAVY's inviting show biz flair and PETER's underused, plaintive delivery propel radio friendly fare like PLEASANT VALLEY SUNDAY, VALLERI, (I'M NOT YOUR) STEPPIN' STONE, FOR PETE'S SAKE and DAYDREAM BELIEVER, which all sound as blissfully carefree and sparkling fresh today as when they were minted.
1930;7;I keep it in the car and listen to it quite often.
1930;8;Great for the gift it was intended to be.
1930;9;People like to bash The Monkees and put them down, but there really is no denying that their music is catchy, fun and singable.
1930;10;I will always love and remember them from my childhood.
1929;1;Ok, I really enjoy "Hotel California", but I have to say "Desperado" is the Eagles finest hour in their career.
1929;2;It asks, is it all worth it, all this fast living on the edge, without love?
1929;3;Desperados "Out of Control" is a good rocker.
1929;4;It asks, is it all worth it, all this fast living on the edge, without love?
1929;5;It asks, is it all worth it, all this fast living on the edge, without love?
1929;6;It asks, is it all worth it, all this fast living on the edge, without love?
1929;7;He would begin to work his way towards the exit-left after this, hanging on through ON THE BORDER, and barely maintaining grip through ONE OF THESE NIGHTS, but his multi-instrumental finesse and talent are so high on this album, I believe he was the real driving force behind it.
1929;8;Tequila Sunrise, Certain Kind of Fool, and Outlaw Man are amazing--lyrics, melody, vocals, and musicianship come together perfectly.
1929;9;They go deep lyrically, and mix in a shocking, fun vibe of sound.
1929;10;On "Doolin-Dalton" the band got help from a couple of solid singer-songwriters:  Jackson Browne, who co-wrote the Eagles' hit "Take It Easy", and John David Souther, who collaborated on such Eagles hits as "Best Of My Love", "New Kid In Town", and "Heartache Tonight" and had his own hit in '79 with "You're Only Lonely".
1928;1;Songs like "Sing for the Day", "Lords of the Ring" and the epic "Queen of Spades" are just as good if not better than the hits...I own about 9 Styx albums, and I feel this is their most seminal work.
1928;2;"Sing For The Day" is a nice mellow Tommy Shaw offering, while "Blue Collar Man (Long Nights)" and "Renegade" are big rocking hits with Tommy on lead.
1928;3;Styx get a very bad rap these days, and weren't liked very much by critics at the time, but good music is good music, regardless.
1928;4;By the time Pieces of Eight was released, Styx had established themselves as a successful rock band.
1928;5;Read "Aku Aku'" by Thor Heyerdahl, the marvelous Norwegian adventurer and ethnologist, if you are at all interested in Easter Island.
1928;6;Sounds great on my home stereo!
1928;7;Every day one may discover something else while playing this CD at home or in a car.
1928;8;Styx get a very bad rap these days, and weren't liked very much by critics at the time, but good music is good music, regardless.
1928;9;The Great White Hope is a slightly nerdy song but it's a lot of FUN and James Young is awesome singing the tune.
1928;10;I've seen them live twice
2200;1;"Ultimate" is obviously up for discussion but it is darn good and should be in any person's collection that loves the blues.
2200;2;This disc's version of "How Blue Can You Get" is B.B.'s best, in my opinion.
2200;3;"Ultimate" is obviously up for discussion but it is darn good and should be in any person's collection that loves the blues.
2200;4;A slick review of all his old stuff, complete with screamin' chicks.
2200;5;I've read many times that this is the ultimate live blues record.
2200;6;The recording is nice and clean and came at a great price.
2200;7;His guitar sound is precise and powerful, driving emotional versions of some of his most influential songs, including "Every Day I Have the Blues" and "How Blue Can You Get"
2200;8;The crowd really feeds into his emotions, giving a great response at times, like when he wails "I gave you seven children, and now you want to give 'em back" during HOW BLUE CAN YOU GET.
2200;9;A slick review of all his old stuff, complete with screamin' chicks.
2200;10;"Ultimate" is obviously up for discussion but it is darn good and should be in any person's collection that loves the blues.
2201;1;So, in closing...this is a fantastic contribution to the brilliance that is The Deftones and will look and sound pretty good in any CD collection!
2201;2;The entire album is phenomenal, and I honestly don't think it has a bad track or "filler".
2201;3;Very good group, I liked it very much and thank you very much
2201;4;It sports a great riff, fun to listen to and even more fun to play.
2201;5;The lyrics, as with all Deftones songs, are very interesting to read and you will most likely never figure out the true meanings!
2201;6;The riffs really hit home, Chino displays his chillingly beautiful voice, and with everything else, it all combines to make this outstanding CD.
2201;7;Around the fur it's an amazing record with great guitar riffs and vocals , even tough they aren't a popular band in Mexico they have become one of my favorite bands , my personal favorites are my own summer and be quiet and  drive
2201;8;Chino's lyrics are great here
2201;9;And obviously it's just as fun to play.
2201;10;If like the heavy scene you'll  love this one.
2202;1;Kenny Chesney has songs with a variety of moods, some serious (The Good Stuff), some endearing stories that speak to me (I Go Back), some just pure fun (Out Last Night).
2202;2;If you are a fan get it !
2202;3;very good record, fast shipping
2202;4;If you are a fan get it !
2202;5;If you are a fan get it !
2202;6;If you are a fan get it !
2202;7;One of those albums that you slap in the CD player in the car and you find yourself singing along at the top of your lungs, playing air guitar, and going faster than the law allows.
2202;8;If you are a fan get it !
2202;9;This is a awesome cd it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
2202;10;I love the whole CD
2203;1;He has improved in leaps and bound from the work he did on Black Star, even though some of it ("Definition") was very good.
2203;2;It's not that bad though...Touch You 7.5/10: I'm not a huge fan of the chorus, but the rest of the song is really good., including the "IMAX" line from before...Good Mourning 9/10: This song, about death and mortality, is one of the most incisive and beautiful on this incisive and beautiful album.
2203;3;It's not that bad though...Touch You 7.5/10: I'm not a huge fan of the chorus, but the rest of the song is really good., including the "IMAX" line from before...Good Mourning 9/10: This song, about death and mortality, is one of the most incisive and beautiful on this incisive and beautiful album.
2203;4;It is one of those rare albums that only come once in 20 or 30 years.
2203;5;The album has so much focus and the songs build up to the climax of the introspective which Kweli flexes his own intelligence.
2203;6;It is one of those rare albums that only come once in 20 or 30 years.
2203;7;I listened to this cd just driving around the neighborhood because it's full of flavor and rhythm.
2203;8;Great beats, great lyrics, perfect song structure.
2203;9;Nelson Mendela's hip-hop quotable is a laughable situation poking fun at the blingbling respect in today's world.
2203;10;If you love real hip hop then you must own this.
2204;1;As A note to the reader if you do not enjoy one Nine Inch Nails cd there is still A good chance that you will enjoy A nother one as no two of Trents albums are alike.
2204;2;This makes a greater showing on the next full album, the masterwork, "The Downward Spiral", in which Trent would consolidate his standing as being the best at building songs from the ground up...All in all, not bad.
2204;3;Thing is...it's in a good way.
2204;4;They made something in which you can feel all the anger, madness and raw power, and still be catchy and well-made and written.
2204;5;If you enjoyed "Star..., Inc." from The Fragile (another example of anger focused into music) you are going to LOVE this album.
2204;6;"Happiness In Slavery" is another one of NIN's best songs (check out the creeped out video on NIN's "Closure" home video), while "Help Me I Am In Hell" and "Gave Up" nicely round out this EP.
2204;7;I figured I'd take a trip back in time... And give this masterpiece a review...BROKEN is as Aggressive as it is Flawless, Trent hit the mark with this beauty.
2204;8;It has great lyrics, a very catchy riff, and a awesome chorus.
2204;9;And texture makes an even greater emergence than in Pretty Hate Machine...tracks such as "Last", have uncountable layers, that prove that NIN make some of the most complex dance music ever...well, excepting all noise music.
2204;10;"Physical" is a big departure, but I love it.
2205;1;I am happy for him retiring - and this CD is a good way to go.
2205;2;GS has done it again and no one can top him.
2205;3;I am happy for him retiring - and this CD is a good way to go.
2205;4;GS has done it again and no one can top him.
2205;5;GS has done it again and no one can top him.
2205;6;GS has done it again and no one can top him.
2205;7;Just listened to this in my car on a long drive...the CD music length is a little over 77 minutes long...and I loved it!
2205;8;GS has done it again and no one can top him.
2205;9;GS has done it again and no one can top him.
2205;10;Awesome CD love George Strait !!!!
2206;1;The songs on this album are as good as the "Heaven and Hell" CD, and a lot more fun.
2206;2;Black Sabbath always be Osbourne, Iommi, Butler and Ward, but his record with another rock star is another masterpiece that all metal find the original roots of it the songs are great even the bad production gives an original seal to this record buy it listen it and appreciate the musical composing of the forefathers of al extreme metal BLACK SABBATH
2206;3;This album got a bad rap when it came out but this is pretty much the last good album by Sabbath until 'Reunion.'
2206;4;With the great IAN GILLAN at the vocals, SABBATH create another metal monster!
2206;5;Let me begin by saying that I really love this album and if you are reading this review then you probably have heard it or maybe not.
2206;6;It's nicely cleaned up as well.
2206;7;The opener Trashed sets the tone with a powerhouse, up-tempo heavy metal edge, and lyrics about Gillan getting drunk and crashing Bill Ward's car, which actually happened.
2206;8;The opener Trashed sets the tone with a powerhouse, up-tempo heavy metal edge, and lyrics about Gillan getting drunk and crashing Bill Ward's car, which actually happened.
2206;9;The songs on this album are as good as the "Heaven and Hell" CD, and a lot more fun.
2206;10;I really like GILLAN vocals and i love SABBATH, so this is a diamond rock for me!
2207;1;you will not be disappointed :)  And while you're at it - - buy everything she has out there, she is incredibly talented / interactive with the audience and she is going to be fun to follow :)  enjoy
2207;2;She can sing up tempo happy songs as well as more reflective and sad songs.
2207;3;This singer/songwriter is such a good friend to write this song of encouragement to her friend.
2207;4;I listen to this album over and over and love it.
2207;5;I listen to this album over and over and love it.
2207;6;I listen to this album over and over and love it.
2207;7;You will not be disappointed and its safe for my kids to jam out with me... we all sing Brave really loud in the car and gets us going on a happy path
2207;8;She knows how to tell a story and put her emotions into lyrics.
2207;9;I can see it from the eyes of a little girl playing dress up and dancing around, to a lonely teenager deciding she doesn't need everyone's approval, to the secure adult woman who closes the chapters of her life as she continues to move forward...No regrets in buying this album, so of course I recommend giving it a listen.
2207;10;There are a couple of love songs like the second single, "I Choose You" and "Cassiopeia" in which Sara gives us an astronomy lesson, okay not really but just take a look at the lyrics and you'll see what I mean by that.
2192;1;The beats on this are jazzy, real melodic, and most of all have funky rhythm to them, every song on this album is good, its just a fun loving album.
2192;2;a true 5 star album, not one bad track!
2192;3;"Midnight" has a dope beat, good lyrics, very smooth track.
2192;4;Q Tip and Phife are at their best, (check the rhymes and pop culture references on "Keep it Rollin'") and Ali's production is on point.
2192;5;Q Tip and Phife are at their best, (check the rhymes and pop culture references on "Keep it Rollin'") and Ali's production is on point.
2192;6;Q Tip and Phife are at their best, (check the rhymes and pop culture references on "Keep it Rollin'") and Ali's production is on point.
2192;7;Cop this album up for real, if you really want a head trip!
2192;8;"Midnight" has a dope beat, good lyrics, very smooth track.
2192;9;"We Can Get Down" might be the catchiest track here, gotta love the chorus, just a fun song overall.
2192;10;This was my first TCQ purchase and I loved every single track on this amazing album.
2193;1;It's a fantastic album...Good job, Macca!
2193;2;He tells us not to be sad because he's going on to a better place.
2193;3;There are VERY good elements of good Paul solo work, good Wings, and even Beatles in Memory Almost Full.
2193;4;I really like the killer cut "House of Wax" another song that let's Paul's vocals get a real workout (think "Oh darling" - vocally), and the lead guitar is great stuff indeed.
2193;5;Maybe Paul himself is reading all the MAF reviews from amazon.com, all I can say to you sir is Thank You!
2193;6;When I got home I listened with my Bose headphones on and it was a remarkable experience.
2193;7;This song has a similar driving beat as that of "Junior's Farm"..."See Your Sunshine" has some great Beach Boy-esque "doo-doo-dooos", and I can easily hear Linda's voice singing bakgrounds - if only....."That Was Me" is another great rocker where Paul looks back on his youthful days in Liverpool.
2193;8;As they confront their mortality, their voices express a mixture of vulnerability and strength, an aching emotion that makes them masterpieces in my personal pantheon...Paul is also confronting his own death in "Memory Almost Full" with songs like "The End of the End" and "Gratitude," but in a classically McCartneyesque way: a lot of the songs are sprightly and essentially sunny in a way that I find a little at odds with Paul's lyrics.
2193;9;This song puts me a good mood  It really makes me want to dance.
2193;10;Would sound great Live..."You Tell Me" - Is a guitar-based ballad, with Paul's most haunting vocals as he recalls memories of summers Past with a loved one and questioning if the feelings that had and the time they spent together really happened.
2194;1;I'm just a fan of David Gray and this happened to be one of my favorite CD by him... I recommend for any person interested in listening to David Gray, good beginner's album!
2194;2;It goes from sad, to happy, to writing about his feelings, and to everywhere in between.
2194;3;I'm just a fan of David Gray and this happened to be one of my favorite CD by him... I recommend for any person interested in listening to David Gray, good beginner's album!
2194;4;Love this CD and get lots of compliments on his music.
2194;5;I understand the Dave Matthews comparisons as well -- both focus heavily on well contructed and well executed songs.
2194;6;It's rare for songs to appeal to me so immediately but when I got it home I found I liked every one first time and repeated listens have only deepened my love of them and my respect for David Gray.
2194;7;I would travel quite far to see him in person...Sincerely Captivated by this wonderful singer/song writer, Chris Johnson
2194;8;But they both use their distinctive voices, terrific melodies and personal lyrics to convey real emotions.
2194;9;He does a really good job of mixing  guitar acoustic with dance rhythms.
2194;10;Love this CD and get lots of compliments on his music.
2195;1;so much fun and talent there!
2195;2;They bring back memories of when I first heard them back in the 60's.
2195;3;Love it bring back so many good memories!
2195;4;They bring back memories of when I first heard them back in the 60's.
2195;5;They bring back memories of when I first heard them back in the 60's.
2195;6;They bring back memories of when I first heard them back in the 60's.
2195;7;It's also a great cd for riding in the car.
2195;8;Four months later the band closed one decade and opened another with a double sided masterpiece: "Everybody Is A Star" is as incandescent as the greatest doo-wop, yet was utterly contemporary, a melodically gorgeous affirmation backed with a far darker side, "Thank You", five minutes of irresistable hard funk boasting one of Sly's all time finest lyrics.
2195;9;This is a fantastic party album for those who like upbeat dance music, and a great opportunity for the younger generation to get to know one of the best of his era for R&B/funk.
2195;10;Love this album and always will.
2196;1;It is a silly fun happy record that aches and oozes of summertime in New York City.
2196;2;There is something intriguing and almost unnatural about the fact that I am continuously drawn towards Vampire Weekend.
2196;3;But there are good feelings.
2196;4;There is something intriguing and almost unnatural about the fact that I am continuously drawn towards Vampire Weekend.
2196;5;There is something intriguing and almost unnatural about the fact that I am continuously drawn towards Vampire Weekend.
2196;6;The response was quickly and the product came safe to my home, it was a good buy.
2196;7;Later, when I put it in my car with all the windows down and the warm air streaming over me, I got hooked.
2196;8;The lyrics are witty, and the rhythms are catchy.
2196;9;Sure they may not be ultra-complex or even that original, but this album is more fun than anything that I've heard in a rather lengthy period of time.
2196;10;After a couple of successful top hit singles on the UK Indie charts, Vampire Weekend got picked up by none other than XL Records.
2197;1;I'm just a Seer whose intentions are good ---Metamorpho
2197;2;So, when he sings of pain, or loss, or love - the grittiness of his voice and experience gives it the stamp of reality.
2197;3;I'm just a Seer whose intentions are good ---Metamorpho
2197;4;They are streetwise English boys who worked hard and made it on grit, stance, and a whole lotta heart and soul.
2197;5;They are streetwise English boys who worked hard and made it on grit, stance, and a whole lotta heart and soul.
2197;6;Eric Burdon is in top form on the hits, but his vocals are equally impressive on tracks like "Bring It Back Home to Me" and "Round and Round".
2197;7;Still a good one to listen to especially on long car rides.
2197;8;They are streetwise English boys who worked hard and made it on grit, stance, and a whole lotta heart and soul.
2197;9;I was just out of gradeschool and attending a friend's backyard party.
2197;10;Coupled with the fact that these English guys put their own spin on this music made them very unique indeed...You know, I can imagine club hopping in London back then and hearing this band give it everything.
2198;1;Every time I hear this incredible album it makes me simultaneously happy and sad-- happy that such a masterpiece was ever recorded and that it still exists for all to hear and enjoy, and sad that the time it always takes me back to is gone forever.
2198;2;often sad and angry and sometimes pensive and thoughtful and even funny, this glorious album demonstates Crosby's versatility and talent...and 'Song with no Words' onwards is such a great way to bring an album to a close.
2198;3;with his open tunings, his other-worldly harmonies, and his good friends, david crosby released the ultimate album of those days.
2198;4;This is music drunk on its own beauty, a true one-shot wonder, unique in its oeuvre.
2198;5;As I read over the reviews on Amazon, it's nice to know that this great work had as profound an effect on others as it did me, and that so many people think it is brilliant.
2198;6;This has to be one of the albums of the century and every home should have one...Shameless plug time.
2198;7;This is right up there with Sgt. Pepper and Dark Side of the Moon as far as being a great Trip album.
2198;8;often sad and angry and sometimes pensive and thoughtful and even funny, this glorious album demonstates Crosby's versatility and talent...and 'Song with no Words' onwards is such a great way to bring an album to a close.
2198;9;A good album to chill to and worth getting so you can have fun trying to "spot" the famous guests on it(don't look at the inlay first!)
2198;10;You'll love it...Dreamy, hazy, smooth, beautiful.....People that do not enjoy this, I don't know.
2199;1;Wish I could give another half star because the album is really amazing.....Purchased used and description said very good condition yet when album showed the grand illusion(the reason I wanted the album) had a large scuff/scratch on it and I was scared it wouldnt play on a turntable...Luckily this had kittle to no effect on the album so I can keep and enjoy it :).
2199;2;I love this music, regardless of the negative criticism surrounding it.
2199;3;Wish I could give another half star because the album is really amazing.....Purchased used and description said very good condition yet when album showed the grand illusion(the reason I wanted the album) had a large scuff/scratch on it and I was scared it wouldnt play on a turntable...Luckily this had kittle to no effect on the album so I can keep and enjoy it :).
2199;4;Better than the 8-track I had as a kid.
2199;5;Better than the 8-track I had as a kid.
2199;6;Styx was a pop/rock band with the flavor of progressive rock, but a new hearing with more experienced ears brings it home to me that Dennis DeYoung was the one who primarily gave Styx the prog flavor that differentiated the band.
2199;7;Better than the 8-track I had as a kid.
2199;8;this is a really fitting lyric and this was written back in the late 70's.
2199;9;STYX is a band that realized then and still "carries on" today that music can achieve something greater than a nice beat to dance to.
2199;10;I love this album as a whole.
2185;1;This 14+ minute wave washes over you with a hedonistic look into expansionism using a multitude of musical sounds that evoke the very imagery of the lyrics, amazing in its artistic complexity and beautiful in its humanizing emotions...Private Investigations follows, another sweeping but shorter epic at just half the time of Telegraph Road.
2185;2;LOVE OVER GOLD kicks off with its first track as a historical and humanly personal inspection of sweeping scope, the building of the American dream from communications, corporations, and the blue collar working stiff crumbling at the edges.
2185;3;It has low background noise, thus the scene has pretty good depth.
2185;4;The two songs having made up side one of the original LP alone are worth the price of admission, this is Dire Straits' in full regalia at the top of their artistic form...Side two of the album blazed forth with tongue in cheek humor being serious in content but snarky in delivery, and what better way to expound on the hazards of Industrial Disease!
2185;5;The two songs having made up side one of the original LP alone are worth the price of admission, this is Dire Straits' in full regalia at the top of their artistic form...Side two of the album blazed forth with tongue in cheek humor being serious in content but snarky in delivery, and what better way to expound on the hazards of Industrial Disease!
2185;6;The two songs having made up side one of the original LP alone are worth the price of admission, this is Dire Straits' in full regalia at the top of their artistic form...Side two of the album blazed forth with tongue in cheek humor being serious in content but snarky in delivery, and what better way to expound on the hazards of Industrial Disease!
2185;7;The two songs having made up side one of the original LP alone are worth the price of admission, this is Dire Straits' in full regalia at the top of their artistic form...Side two of the album blazed forth with tongue in cheek humor being serious in content but snarky in delivery, and what better way to expound on the hazards of Industrial Disease!
2185;8;This 14+ minute wave washes over you with a hedonistic look into expansionism using a multitude of musical sounds that evoke the very imagery of the lyrics, amazing in its artistic complexity and beautiful in its humanizing emotions...Private Investigations follows, another sweeping but shorter epic at just half the time of Telegraph Road.
2185;9;"Two Young Lovers", a very nice dance number with a jumpy sax and "If I Had You", a solid 50's style rocker, fun times.
2185;10;LOVE OVER GOLD, as the title suggests, is Knopfler's statement on what is important in life.
2184;1;Well, as a child I had bought a few of their albums and always found at least two songs that I considered 'classics' as well as 'discovering' other songs on those albums which were good or fun or had some sort of appeal.
2184;2;'Moneytalks' shows Brian Johnson's vocal ability going beyond its former limits (though the album's absence of his lyrics is puzzling) while the blue collar salute 'Goodbye and Good Riddance to Bad Luck' goes great with the rest of the album's songs.
2184;3;'Moneytalks' shows Brian Johnson's vocal ability going beyond its former limits (though the album's absence of his lyrics is puzzling) while the blue collar salute 'Goodbye and Good Riddance to Bad Luck' goes great with the rest of the album's songs.
2184;4;I love to listen to the "Razors Edge" when I workout.
2184;5;ACDC, a legendary rock band, delivered what I personally feel is their second best album ever, second only to Back in Black.
2184;6;I remember seeing the video for "Thunderstruck" & Angus is all over that guitar then all the sudden the band kicks in, home run right from the start to finish.
2184;7;When I'm alone in the car, I always crank up the stereo!
2184;8;'Moneytalks' shows Brian Johnson's vocal ability going beyond its former limits (though the album's absence of his lyrics is puzzling) while the blue collar salute 'Goodbye and Good Riddance to Bad Luck' goes great with the rest of the album's songs.
2184;9;Well, as a child I had bought a few of their albums and always found at least two songs that I considered 'classics' as well as 'discovering' other songs on those albums which were good or fun or had some sort of appeal.
2184;10;Love this one from "Battleship".
2187;1;There's a good mix of anger and soft emotions too!
2187;2;Listen to the first two tracks on this cd to hear how diverse Miranda can be...Gunpowder and Lead is leather and electric and the very next track Dry Town is blue jeans and root beer.
2187;3;Haha, this album is a good listen.
2187;4;If you like country and if you liked her first album, you will really enjoy this cd!
2187;5;If you like country and if you liked her first album, you will really enjoy this cd!
2187;6;If you like country and if you liked her first album, you will really enjoy this cd!
2187;7;Always keep some Miranda music in my car for road trips!
2187;8;There's a good mix of anger and soft emotions too!
2187;9;This is my favorite by Miranda...she does an excellent job of mixing it up with fun, craziness, emotion and love...way to go girl!!!
2187;10;Although I am a fan of the more modern form of country, I love this album!
2186;1;Different from there other cds but really good!
2186;2;Another solid album by Halestorm, love their music, keep it coming!
2186;3;Different from there other cds but really good!
2186;4;Another solid album by Halestorm, love their music, keep it coming!
2186;5;Also, the songs seem to lead from one into another, as if you're listening to one long piece, as opposed to song, two second space, song, two second space, etc., which I feel really adds to the listening experience in this modern era of ADD where everyone focuses on a single, if that.
2186;6;"Into The Wild Life (Deluxe) [Clean]" is great!
2186;7;Another solid album by Halestorm, love their music, keep it coming!
2186;8;Most memorable and stand outs are "Dear Daughter
2186;9;Lzzy and Arejay deliver again with a great album that is fun yet a solid performance.
2186;10;Another solid album by Halestorm, love their music, keep it coming!
2189;1;i do think this is a surprisingly good effort from them, especially since it seemed they just duct taped this band together to do these tracks.
2189;2;I bought the vinyl and it's super sweet It's blue and has 3 sides, Side "d" is blank but with they're logo on it, it looks pretty cool.
2189;3;Good job, lads, and keep the peace.
2189;4;Joey Belladonna's voice was a welcome return.
2189;5;Joey Belladonna's voice was a welcome return.
2189;6;The chorus in this song is also brilliant, as are the lyrics and Joey's vocals throughout, and the song also concludes with some gloomy, clean guitar notes as well.
2189;7;Scott Ian continues to prove why he is one of metal's all time best rhythm guitarists as he drives through each song churning out an endless batch of tight, crushing, seething, energetic, thrash induced riffage, and meanwhile, new lead guitarist Jon Donais (of Shadows Fall fame) sounds just absolutely great and inspiring here with his incredibly amazing, melodic yet ripping, shredding solos that really bring a youthful vibrancy to the table.
2189;8;Timely lyrics that's prove heavy metal has more to offer than meets the eye.
2189;9;Joey Belladonna's voice was a welcome return.
2189;10;I just love it...The final fourth of "For All Kings" is just nothing but pure Anthrax magic.
2188;1;I even enjoy his newer "Good Time" album.
2188;2;So, for you Gospel lovers, treat yourself to a couple of CD's that just maybe, you would have never been aware of if it wasn't for me, one of Hag's biggest fans.
2188;3;Some of the new Christian music that is the "In" thing now are very good songs, and very outstanding!
2188;4;So, for you Gospel lovers, treat yourself to a couple of CD's that just maybe, you would have never been aware of if it wasn't for me, one of Hag's biggest fans.
2188;5;This cd isn't merely pleasant background music, it really inspires one to focus on the Lord with an attitude of thankfulness for his mercy and grace.
2188;6;She is in the best nursing home in Wyoming, in Rawlins Care Pavilion, where someone gave this music to her.
2188;7;I have enjoyed this CD so much it made the move from my office to my car.
2188;8;So, for you Gospel lovers, treat yourself to a couple of CD's that just maybe, you would have never been aware of if it wasn't for me, one of Hag's biggest fans.
2188;9;So, for you Gospel lovers, treat yourself to a couple of CD's that just maybe, you would have never been aware of if it wasn't for me, one of Hag's biggest fans.
2188;10;There are many of my old favorite hymns and a couple I hadn't heard before and I love every one of them.
2191;1;If you're a fan of their original group, you will enjoy this disc as well...Thank goodness for bands like Asia (and Deep Purple) for not only reuniting, but also making quality new music.
2191;2;In a world today with so much that has gone bad over time, there still are some perfect gems.
2191;3;Sleeping Giant/No Way Back/Reprise and Parallel Worlds/Vortex/Deya have to be two of the greatest pieces of music they have ever created.
2191;4;It's like a beautiful garden in the desert of modern music.
2191;5;When I read that this album was coming out I knew I wouldn't be disappointed...Phoenix is a great CD that is as good as the originals.
2191;6;Keep it clean and clear, the band is on the right focus path.
2191;7;It's like a beautiful garden in the desert of modern music.
2191;8;In a world today with so much that has gone bad over time, there still are some perfect gems.
2191;9;It's like a beautiful garden in the desert of modern music.
2191;10;I will admit I have been a fan of Asia since 1982 and loved the first two albums (yes, I love the Alpha album, what of it?)
2190;1;This is an extremely good album that is worth owning by Marilyn Manson fans and hard rock/alternative metal fans might even enjoy it.
2190;2;The tracklisting is great and there is NOT one bad song on this album.
2190;3;In anycase, the disc is certainly worthy of being in any fan's collection, and while it may not be another AntiChrist Superstar or Mechanical Animals, it's still miles ahead of Portrait of an American Family, and that album was very good...My favorite songs on the disc are "The Love Song", "Target Audience", "President Dead", "The Nobodies", "The Death Song", "Burning Flag", and "Coma Black".
2190;4;The best songs are GodeatGod (BEST ON THE CD), The Love Song, Disposable Teens, The Fight Song, and Burning Flag.
2190;5;It's definitely worth a read.)
2190;6;The best songs are GodeatGod (BEST ON THE CD), The Love Song, Disposable Teens, The Fight Song, and Burning Flag.
2190;7;There is also a hidden extra feature for you if you pop it into your CD-ROM drive on your computer (Note: not for the weak-stomached!)
2190;8;The lyrics to King Kill 33 will never be out of my head, an actor could use it, it's full of such raw emotion.
2190;9;Valentine's Day: A great creepy song that is very fun to sing.
2190;10;And then you listen your way through "the Love Song", an ironic song showing america's obsession with guns and how they all love to hate.
2177;1;Several well known hits and a few not as well known good songs.
2177;2;Many of there greatest songs.
2177;3;Several well known hits and a few not as well known good songs.
2177;4;Many of there greatest songs.
2177;5;Many of there greatest songs.
2177;6;Many of there greatest songs.
2177;7;It's good to put in the car and take to the freeway...This offers 14 really good songs from the group dating back to 1983's Sunday Bloody Sunday.
2177;8;Many of there greatest songs.
2177;9;Many of there greatest songs.
2177;10;"Pride (In The Name Of Love)" is a deceptive love song, it may sound like a romantic tune, but when it talks about "Love" it's referring to things deeper than puppy love.
2176;1;Sure, reasonable people may have disliked them because they actually did dislike them, but equally it cannot be denied that some people chose to dislike them for fun, for non-musical reasons or simply because it was the thing to do...Luckily for the version of the band with Todd La Torre, their record is actually very good.
2176;2;Sad as it may be, Tate is indeed a shadow of his former self...Enter new vocalist, Todd La Torre, formerly of Crimson Glory, and young guitarist Parker Lundgren, and you have a new Queensyche.
2176;3;Its just well written, good music, with some fairly memorable choruses, melodic guitar solos, and a lot more bite and energy than on the less popular Queensrche albums.
2176;4;`Spore' is kind of what the band tried to do on Tribe, but with that extra "umph."
2176;5;I got this album expecting to be as good as said in the reviews I had read.
2176;6;A bit darker, and the verse has some clean guitar work that'll take you back to the DeGarmo days.
2176;7;An awesome driving verse riff and a "mini" solo after the first chorus that is one of my favorite moments on the album.
2176;8;Sad as it may be, Tate is indeed a shadow of his former self...Enter new vocalist, Todd La Torre, formerly of Crimson Glory, and young guitarist Parker Lundgren, and you have a new Queensyche.
2176;9;Sure, reasonable people may have disliked them because they actually did dislike them, but equally it cannot be denied that some people chose to dislike them for fun, for non-musical reasons or simply because it was the thing to do...Luckily for the version of the band with Todd La Torre, their record is actually very good.
2176;10;Love the chord progressions and Todd does a great job singing it...Midnight Lullaby - An intro for A World Without.
2179;1;"Garage Inc." is very good, because it gives the speed and the fury for the fans who cannot face change, and the truly unique and original takes of somebody else's songs for those who enjoy watching this band grow, challenging themselves and their fans.
2179;2;Live, raw, energetic, and with the Lemmymeister himself  sound amazingly awesome.
2179;3;I prefer old Metallica to new, but still like it all, so I see it as half brilliant and half really good.
2179;4;Live, raw, energetic, and with the Lemmymeister himself  sound amazingly awesome.
2179;5;Live, raw, energetic, and with the Lemmymeister himself  sound amazingly awesome.
2179;6;This CD sounds clean, crisp and is better the louder you listen to it.
2179;7;Live, raw, energetic, and with the Lemmymeister himself  sound amazingly awesome.
2179;8;Hetfield sings this one amazingly, capturing enough of Cave and injecting some of his own style into the ominous lyrics.
2179;9;This album is great fun to listen to, in part because it sounds like Metallica had fun recording it.
2179;10;The Motorhead covers are great, too, but the production quality could be better on a couple of them, I forget which.
2178;1;A fantastic band and alotta good songs on this one....
2178;2;Linkin Park has gotten a bad reputation in recent years due to their slight change in musical style, some people enjoy it, others don't.
2178;3;While his voice is good, it's not really as good as Chester's voice...The softer songs on here do show us what this band has to offer on the "alternative" side.
2178;4;This CD was my favorite of all three.
2178;5;This CD was my favorite of all three.
2178;6;this is a awsome product once again you get hilarious comentary from linkin park, get to see their beautiful house for recording this cd how they put together the cd.
2178;7;The other biggest change in the band comes in their deeper, political driven lyrics.
2178;8;There's still the electronic sounds, there's still the rap, there's still the mosh-friendly songs, but it's all a bit more subdued, giving the songs here much more weight, sincerity, and emotion...Yeah, it sounds a bit weird to be saying this about a mainstream rock band, but this CD really features some strong lyrics, some very strong and catchy songs, as well as some great actual music.
2178;9;"Bleed It Out"--you can tell just by listening that the band had fun doing this one (also backed up in the liner notes, but on this one you don't need the liner notes to tell you).
2178;10;The Little Things Give You Away, amazing song and has the solo that every linkin park fan has been waiting for and its very beautiful and the whole song is just great...Agree or Disagree, I think this record is amazing and if you give it a few listens I'm sure you'll fall in love with it.
2181;1;Fantastic arrangements, great funky grooves and that fun quirky lyrical sense we know and love...I would say Sunken Condos is on equal ground to the Nightfly, and that's a bold statement.
2181;2;Sad to say, that the old playground saying: Once as good as a million works for the CD.
2181;3;Vocal blend is unbelievable- takes the best of SD-- gives me the chills--another totally great guitar solo by Herrington...8) Good Stuff- TOTALLY FUNK-EEEE!
2181;4;Michael `gets it' and his horn playing/orchestration are powerful.
2181;5;Michael `gets it' and his horn playing/orchestration are powerful.
2181;6;Michael `gets it' and his horn playing/orchestration are powerful.
2181;7;I've been listening to this CD in my car for 3 weeks and appreciate it more each time I hear it.
2181;8;Good bass lines here and the guitar solo by Jon Herington provides a "Two Against Nature" vibe...  "I'm Not The Same Without You" speeds it up a little with good lyrics and a touch of "Nightfly" with the harmonica session.
2181;9;There is an underlying sense of fun and joy in these songs.
2181;10;Better than The Nightfly--and I LOVE Nightfly...It surpasses Steely Dan's Grammy Award winning Two Against Nature.
2180;1;At the time several critical reviews led by Rolling Stone magazine had given the album a drubbing and as the follow-up to the prior year's Saucerful Of Secrets, Pink Floyd was officially ordained "random space noise" and like all good rebellious teenagers we just loved it all the more.
2180;2;Was the young Richard Wright a humble genius?"
2180;3;At the time several critical reviews led by Rolling Stone magazine had given the album a drubbing and as the follow-up to the prior year's Saucerful Of Secrets, Pink Floyd was officially ordained "random space noise" and like all good rebellious teenagers we just loved it all the more.
2180;4;Was the young Richard Wright a humble genius?"
2180;5;Was the young Richard Wright a humble genius?"
2180;6;When I first heard this record at my friend's house, I just wondered how unpredictable and impressive Pink Floyd can be on every album!
2180;7;The songs are way cooler here....The studio album is completely strange, but if you open your mind you can trip on the songs smoothly......PINK FLOYD RULES!!!!!
2180;8;It has a loping drum and bass line, a psychedelic keyboard modulation, haunting lyrics, extremely subtle guitar work from both Gilmore and Barrett (the only track ever with all five band members) and is just plain gripping.
2180;9;"The Grand Visier's Garden party" is a complex sound collage, which builds layers of percussion and stretches recording technology to the brink.
2180;10;At the time several critical reviews led by Rolling Stone magazine had given the album a drubbing and as the follow-up to the prior year's Saucerful Of Secrets, Pink Floyd was officially ordained "random space noise" and like all good rebellious teenagers we just loved it all the more.
2183;1;What I like about this album is the poetry, but I enjoy the layered guitar and syncopated rhythms too.
2183;2;This monumental record has received a lot of negative criticism over the years.
2183;3;I especially love the drumming by good ole Drumbo (John French).
2183;4;He is the master of the nether-regions of music.
2183;5;There are a few tracks that are just Van Vliet reading his poetry/lyrics a-cappella and all of the lyrics stand up quite well on their own.
2183;6;Took my new found treasures home and figured out how to play a record.
2183;7;Admittedly I more admire this classic work than keep it in heavy rotation in the car stereo.
2183;8;A fantastic album of stunningly original lyrics and music that will grab the open-eared listener and hold them.
2183;9;That, at least, marks Trout Mask Replica as a notable entry in the rock canon...But what really endears this album to me, and many others, is the fact that despite all of its inherent strangeness, its still fun and intriguing.
2183;10;On first listen, I loved it, and a couple 55 times of listening to it's entirety, I love it even more.
2182;1;A very, very good latter-day Bob Dylan album that is almost as good as his classics.
2182;2;A mature album, dark and introspective...there is not one bad song on here.
2182;3;A very, very good latter-day Bob Dylan album that is almost as good as his classics.
2182;4;Starting with the opener Love Sick (one of Dylan's strongest songs in years), the album seems to show a cynical and bittersweet attitude towards love, one that Dylan puts across convincingly.
2182;5;Though there were some silver linings during this time, it wasn't until Fall of 1992 that Bob finally made an effort to consistently try and reclaim his once untouchable position in the music world, with the release of the blues covers album "Good As I Been to You" and a series of truly stunning live performances...Throughout 1993 and 1994 he gradually improved, his singing and playing became more focused and expressive, culminating in a triumphant comeback performance at Woodstock 25.
2182;6;The other is Lanois's modern, clean sound, very laden with studio effects, going against what Dylan wanted.
2182;7;A veiled history of American folklore, intertwined with Dylan's own traveling minstrel story, it gets right at your heart.
2182;8;Dylan's gift, his strength, has always been his lyrics, emotion and delivery.
2182;9;It's a fine album, and a surprisingly fun listen, but TIME OUT OF MIND is a far meatier piece of work and nothing less than a masterpiece, one of the great albums of all time.
2182;10;Starting with the opener Love Sick (one of Dylan's strongest songs in years), the album seems to show a cynical and bittersweet attitude towards love, one that Dylan puts across convincingly.
2234;1;The DVD and CD are fantastic, it's fun to watch Barbra interact with the audience and her duets with her son, Jason, are beautiful.
2234;2;This is my favorite Streisand album in a long time.....there's a lot of conversation with the audience but it's enjoyable!
2234;3;Definitely, she is now not as good as she was so many years ago (vocally), but artistically, she is still very pleasant to listen to: more relaxed and more mellow.
2234;4;This is my favorite Streisand album in a long time.....there's a lot of conversation with the audience but it's enjoyable!
2234;5;This is my favorite Streisand album in a long time.....there's a lot of conversation with the audience but it's enjoyable!
2234;6;she is very comfortable because she is home  in Brooklyn.
2234;7;Otherwise, I totally love it and play it over and over in my car.
2234;8;The new lyrics are fun and clever.
2234;9;The DVD and CD are fantastic, it's fun to watch Barbra interact with the audience and her duets with her son, Jason, are beautiful.
2234;10;I particularly love her version of Make Our Garden Grow from the play, Candide by Leonard Bernstein!
2235;1;Top 5 bands (on my list anyway) they sound fantastic and the drama between Stevie and Lindsey is fun to watch and its nice to see how happy Mick is playing drums again with them.
2235;2;Take 5 eager/artistic rock  musicians - bring them together in a studio and unleash them - the result is solid gold masterpieces.
2235;3;And it's so good  to see Stevie with "Gipsy" and Christine with  "Songbird".
2235;4;Take 5 eager/artistic rock  musicians - bring them together in a studio and unleash them - the result is solid gold masterpieces.
2235;5;Take 5 eager/artistic rock  musicians - bring them together in a studio and unleash them - the result is solid gold masterpieces.
2235;6;Take 5 eager/artistic rock  musicians - bring them together in a studio and unleash them - the result is solid gold masterpieces.
2235;7;Take 5 eager/artistic rock  musicians - bring them together in a studio and unleash them - the result is solid gold masterpieces.
2235;8;Take 5 eager/artistic rock  musicians - bring them together in a studio and unleash them - the result is solid gold masterpieces.
2235;9;John McVie, as usual, fades quitely into the background to perform his miracles on bass guitar, but Mick Fleetwood is flashy and showy and devilishly fun on the drums--and together they create the backbone that gives the soloists support.
2235;10;i wept tears of joy as i watched this healing unveil before my eyes as i watched FM join together as one for the first time - such love filled the stage.
2232;1;Enjoy their high energy CHRISTMAS music very much,another good one
2232;2;They bring out a sense of Christmas Spirit in even the most hardened of hearts among the Grinches!
2232;3;great Christmas-type music and a story combined.this is a good example of new holiday music.a good buy for anyone wanting a Chistmas library.
2232;4;They bring out a sense of Christmas Spirit in even the most hardened of hearts among the Grinches!
2232;5;They bring out a sense of Christmas Spirit in even the most hardened of hearts among the Grinches!
2232;6;They bring out a sense of Christmas Spirit in even the most hardened of hearts among the Grinches!
2232;7;Even my "don't bother me with Christmas music" son really liked this cd when he was a captive audience in the car.
2232;8;This CD includes one of my favorite holiday lyrics - "For we all seem to give our lives away,.
2232;9;They bring out a sense of Christmas Spirit in even the most hardened of hearts among the Grinches!
2232;10;I am so in love with TSO's music.
2233;1;Solid songs, fine remastering and most importantly, a fun time for all who enjoy the "underappreciated" Beatle.
2233;2;Belting out his best from his solo career.
2233;3;For those new fans, this will give you a good cross section of the solo career of the man behind the drum kit for the Beatles.
2233;4;Belting out his best from his solo career.
2233;5;This great sounding C.D. comes with a wonderful booklet that tells you a bit about the songs and a lot about Ringo Starr the man, especially when you start reading the names of the people that he called friends!!!
2233;6;A few patches look like home movies more than a professional video
2233;7;Belting out his best from his solo career.
2233;8;Belting out his best from his solo career.
2233;9;This is the one to get if you like the Beatles and Ringo, the fun Beatle.
2233;10;Beatle and Ringo fans alike will love this collection.
2238;1;Truly amazing voices and a great CD for everyone to enjoy!
2238;2;Il Divo is one of the greatest tenors group in the entertainment world and this particular Deluxe 2 CD version of their Greatest Hits, is one of the best offered by Amazon.
2238;3;It relaxes you and they have great voices.
2238;4;Il Divo is one of the greatest tenors group in the entertainment world and this particular Deluxe 2 CD version of their Greatest Hits, is one of the best offered by Amazon.
2238;5;Il Divo is one of the greatest tenors group in the entertainment world and this particular Deluxe 2 CD version of their Greatest Hits, is one of the best offered by Amazon.
2238;6;She adores this group and as a gift this was a home run.
2238;7;I'm a music lover and have to do a lot of driving work related so this CD's are my companionship in my journey and I enjoy sooo much.
2238;8;Il Divo is one of the greatest tenors group in the entertainment world and this particular Deluxe 2 CD version of their Greatest Hits, is one of the best offered by Amazon.
2238;9;Il Divo is one of the greatest tenors group in the entertainment world and this particular Deluxe 2 CD version of their Greatest Hits, is one of the best offered by Amazon.
2238;10;Love IL Divo Beautiful music.
2239;1;Today, it is easy to think of them only when "Happy Together" is played somewhere, ...or "200 Motels" is run on TV...But to truly enjoy this band, it is necessary to see their show LIVE!
2239;2;Shipping was quick and package was in perfect shape.
2239;3;"It Ain't Me" was wonderful and turns out it was written by that Dylan guy that usually puts me to sleep, but their version ain't nothing like those strumming sojourns into the Bangladesh past
2239;4;Shipping was quick and package was in perfect shape.
2239;5;Shipping was quick and package was in perfect shape.
2239;6;Shipping was quick and package was in perfect shape.
2239;7;I bought this particular CD so that I could listen to these great songs while driving.
2239;8;Shipping was quick and package was in perfect shape.
2239;9;This one is a lot of fun and good sound quality.
2239;10;If you love the Turtles, this is the album to buy!
2236;1;The last of the "ultimately awesomely fantastic songs", rather than the "Just really really good" songs is "Syeeda's Song Flute", with a playful but far from cloying (and actually very catchy) melody.
2236;2;For fans of albums like Blue Train or some of the other  Coltrane works of this period, this album is a must for you.
2236;3;this was my first coltrane album, way back at the tender age of 20 (up to 45 now, i am), and it was the start of something very good in my life.
2236;4;Fans of John Coltrane at his most accessible are in for a treat here with this mini-lp replica sleeve version of one of jazz's seminal recordings.
2236;5;I expected this disc to be good because before I bought it I read all those prior reviews, but this good?
2236;6;Fans of John Coltrane at his most accessible are in for a treat here with this mini-lp replica sleeve version of one of jazz's seminal recordings.
2236;7;His drive for perfection is extraordinary,  whether it be a simple tune like "Mr. PC" or the complex  structure of the title cut.
2236;8;It is a beautiful, sublime composition which proved once and for all that Coltrane was alot more than just a technical marvel,he had real soul and emotion to go with his physical skills...If you are new to Jazz this should definately be one of the first albums you pick up.
2236;9;I noticed that a lot of hardcore jazz folks have written extensively about the arcane virtues of this album, so I just want to chime in that I find this music to be quite fun and accessible compared to Coltrane's later work.
2236;10;I love to listen to the hundreds of version that have been recorded.
2237;1;Not a fantastic song, but again, not awful...The second side is where things start getting really good.
2237;2;A very complex and ambitious piece going through many different themes without a bad moment.
2237;3;"Foxtrot" is my personal favorite Genesis album from the Peter Gabriel era, with the other albums from "Trespass" to "The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway" all tying for second, and "From Genesis To Revelation" third (but in good company).
2237;4;The pieces on the album cover a wide dynamic range, and span from the delicate Steve Hackett solo acoustic guitar piece (Horizons), to the charming piece Time Table, through the thunderous and highly syncopated 6/4 workout on Watcher of the Skies and finally, the incredible epic Supper's Ready, which cycles between loud/soft passages.
2237;5;The subject matter is deeply "cosmic" with surrealist touches, and is wonderfully delivered by vocalist Peter Gabriel - based on what I have read, Peter premiered the pieces on Foxtrot by marching out wearing a fox head mask and a red dress (in a Dublin boxing ring no less).
2237;6;Although a bit of an unusual choice for this kind of an album, it works perfectly to calm the waters and cleanse the palette for what's to come, which is.....Supper's Ready:  The opening of this 23-minute epic was based on a rather spooky incident that happened when Peter Gabriel was alone with his wife at their home one evening.
2237;7;A driving 25-minute piece about the apocalypse, this ever changing piece never gets old.
2237;8;Instead of the simple, repetative love lyrics that one  usually hears on top-40 radio (some of which you get from later period  Genesis), many earlier Genesis songs contained interesting stories, some  funny, some sad.
2237;9;This significant piece epitomizes what the group Genesis was all about (emphasis on WAS), runs the gamut of earthly view through all the absurd distortions that reality can manifest, pulverizes it entirely when all the Antichrists of the ages get together to party in 9/8 (yes you CAN dance to that beat) before flinging the doors open to a blinding white warm Heaven, the promise of illuminating our true way home.
2237;10;From Watcher Of The Skies to the incredible Supper's Ready, this album is amazing songwriting coupled with incredible chops, making for the perfect prog album.
2226;1;Each song differs from the one before it and that is a good thing...This CD ends with a song that I can only describe as the Rolling Stones on an acid trip...this CD is fun and melodic...I hope a turning point for an excellent duo into more uncharted territory.
2226;2;"True Blue" adds just a bit of a new slant to The 'Keys traditional sound, but is still fully true to form.
2226;3;Each song differs from the one before it and that is a good thing...This CD ends with a song that I can only describe as the Rolling Stones on an acid trip...this CD is fun and melodic...I hope a turning point for an excellent duo into more uncharted territory.
2226;4;Some nice guitar work on this album.
2226;5;If you're reading this guys, please do a Red Rocks 3 night stand!
2226;6;I love the boys, probably due in part to the fact they call my hometown of Nashville their home now.
2226;7;Each song differs from the one before it and that is a good thing...This CD ends with a song that I can only describe as the Rolling Stones on an acid trip...this CD is fun and melodic...I hope a turning point for an excellent duo into more uncharted territory.
2226;8;Ever since the Black Keys have begun their musical journey this one is another that will make you so happy with their unique sound, lyrics, and rhythm.
2226;9;Each song differs from the one before it and that is a good thing...This CD ends with a song that I can only describe as the Rolling Stones on an acid trip...this CD is fun and melodic...I hope a turning point for an excellent duo into more uncharted territory.
2226;10;Listen to the end of "In Our Prime' as an example...I highly recommend if you're a fan of Dan's guitar sounds and Patrick's drum style then you will love this album.
2227;1;I enjoyed the choice of songs, his energy, meeting those artists that made up the wonderful music contributing to a good concert.
2227;2;The last song on the DVD,Awake, is my favorite Josh song of all time, and it always makes me feel warm, cozy and a bit sad to think about the passage of time, and loved ones.
2227;3;I enjoyed the choice of songs, his energy, meeting those artists that made up the wonderful music contributing to a good concert.
2227;4;There are two parts to this concert and as Josh returns for part 2, he makes his way all the way through the venue from one end to the other, singing and shaking hands with literally a hundred fans!
2227;5;There are two parts to this concert and as Josh returns for part 2, he makes his way all the way through the venue from one end to the other, singing and shaking hands with literally a hundred fans!
2227;6;He is so "at home" with the audience and he makes it feel like it is a small intimate performance.
2227;7;I can listen to the cd in the car and watch the dvd in the house.
2227;8;The last song on the DVD,Awake, is my favorite Josh song of all time, and it always makes me feel warm, cozy and a bit sad to think about the passage of time, and loved ones.
2227;9;There are two parts to this concert and as Josh returns for part 2, he makes his way all the way through the venue from one end to the other, singing and shaking hands with literally a hundred fans!
2227;10;When I have time, I love to put this in the player and just watch him go.
2224;1;Fantastic and I loved it!
2224;2;It is for all intent and purpose a great blue album by three white guys that was largely unknown at the time.
2224;3;So good it never gets old.
2224;4;Fantastic and I loved it!
2224;5;Fantastic and I loved it!
2224;6;Another great example of Mike Bloomfield's fluid and clean guitar style can be found on "My Labors" by Nick Gravenites much of which is recorded live in concert.
2224;7;Fantastic and I loved it!
2224;8;His playing while not fast and flashy like Stevie Ray Vaughan or Johnny Winter relies on string bending, dynamics and emotion.
2224;9;Fantastic and I loved it!
2224;10;Fantastic and I loved it!
2225;1;He's a real class act...The only other current artist that gives me that same, optimistic, good feeling when listening is David Archuleta from American Idol.
2225;2;Not a bad cut on this album -- in fact, all are great...This album is a classic that belongs in the collection of everyone who loves Christmas music.
2225;3;He's a real class act...The only other current artist that gives me that same, optimistic, good feeling when listening is David Archuleta from American Idol.
2225;4;The cover photo is very ideal,with Williams sporting a tuxedo.
2225;5;It's undoubtedly one of the best CDs in our 200-album Christmas collection, and one that we play often during the holidays...But in case someone (even Andy himself) is reading this and wants an idea for another Christmas album, I just want to second the previous reviewer's call for an album with Andy joined by his brothers on holiday classics...I was extremely impressed by the Williams Brothers' harmonizing on the aforementioned Andy Williams Christmas DVD, and would love to hear more.
2225;6;Growing up, Andy Williams Christmas Album was played every Christmas in our home, and I loved it!
2225;7;His wonderful character and personna shines through on this as well as all of his Christmas albums.
2225;8;Not a bad cut on this album -- in fact, all are great...This album is a classic that belongs in the collection of everyone who loves Christmas music.
2225;9;The songs on the first side are a whole lot of fun, and the songs on the second side are sublimely beautiful.
2225;10;Not a bad cut on this album -- in fact, all are great...This album is a classic that belongs in the collection of everyone who loves Christmas music.
2230;1;This is a very good album, good music and enjoy hearing it many times.
2230;2;Boz doesn't make bad music and this is Boz music and it's great.
2230;3;An old friend from the late seventies is doing a very good job on guitar - Mr. Ray Parker jr.
2230;4;An old friend from the late seventies is doing a very good job on guitar - Mr. Ray Parker jr.
2230;5;Am enjoying listening to it as I read or just move around my condo.
2230;6;An old friend from the late seventies is doing a very good job on guitar - Mr. Ray Parker jr.
2230;7;An old friend from the late seventies is doing a very good job on guitar - Mr. Ray Parker jr.
2230;8;Boz doesn't make bad music and this is Boz music and it's great.
2230;9;This is a song that I could see myself dancing with a beautiful woman to.
2230;10;Highlights are the touching "Last Tango on 16th street", "Full of Fire" with Boz own kind of Memphis -Soul and the heart warming "Love don't love nobody".
2231;1;Had all his 33 records was happy to get these so I could play them in my car and enjoy
2231;2;It gets frequent play during the holidays as it always warms my heart and I reflect over my life remembering when I first heard many a particular song...It even sparked me to make a few trips to local shops and to make additional purchases here on Amazon of his albums.
2231;3;Very good CD and my friend absolutely loved it.
2231;4;It gets frequent play during the holidays as it always warms my heart and I reflect over my life remembering when I first heard many a particular song...It even sparked me to make a few trips to local shops and to make additional purchases here on Amazon of his albums.
2231;5;It gets frequent play during the holidays as it always warms my heart and I reflect over my life remembering when I first heard many a particular song...It even sparked me to make a few trips to local shops and to make additional purchases here on Amazon of his albums.
2231;6;This album was bought for Christmas and enjoyed by all visitors to our home.
2231;7;It gets frequent play during the holidays as it always warms my heart and I reflect over my life remembering when I first heard many a particular song...It even sparked me to make a few trips to local shops and to make additional purchases here on Amazon of his albums.
2231;8;It gets frequent play during the holidays as it always warms my heart and I reflect over my life remembering when I first heard many a particular song...It even sparked me to make a few trips to local shops and to make additional purchases here on Amazon of his albums.
2231;9;It gets frequent play during the holidays as it always warms my heart and I reflect over my life remembering when I first heard many a particular song...It even sparked me to make a few trips to local shops and to make additional purchases here on Amazon of his albums.
2231;10;i would recommend this to anyone who loves romantic music and he has a beautiful voice.
2228;1;This song is very up beat and fun, but I just don't think her voice is as good as it usually is on...2)All-American Girl(10/10)When I saw the title of this song I thought it would be about her being an all-American girl, but it's not.
2228;2;Truly, there is not a bad song on the album- it is so wonderful!
2228;3;Carrie scores big points with this closing number as she sings about the every day changes (good or bad) that happen to us all.
2228;4;This vocal performance is the second-best on `Ride,' as she is able to captivate the audience and comes off as very believable.
2228;5;This vocal performance is the second-best on `Ride,' as she is able to captivate the audience and comes off as very believable.
2228;6;After winning American Idol, selling 6 million copies of her debut album (pretty amazing in today's fast declining album market), and taking home too many awards to count on two hands, Carrie Underwood delivers sophomore album "Carnival Ride."
2228;7;At times she is flying so high she will never come down, then the next minute you will cry, laugh, reflect, dance, and shout at the top of your lungs with the top down on your car.
2228;8;The lyrics perfectly portray the racing thoughts and feelings one might feeling in that situation, and the music compliments the same emotions.
2228;9;At times she is flying so high she will never come down, then the next minute you will cry, laugh, reflect, dance, and shout at the top of your lungs with the top down on your car.
2228;10;I love how the song builds into a story.
2229;1;My husband loves this and that's good enough for me.
2229;2;Today marks the sad 23rd anniversary of the tragic loss of a LEGEND....a man who continues to inspire millions with his electrifying talent and his integrity as a musician.
2229;3;My husband loves this and that's good enough for me.
2229;4;This is probably one of the best CDs of Stevie Ray Vaughn that I own.
2229;5;Self-taught, couldn't read music, yet his playing was shockingly complex and beautiful.
2229;6;This is probably one of the best CDs of Stevie Ray Vaughn that I own.
2229;7;It makes a great set for the car too...You find all the songs from Greatest Hits here minus "Taxman".
2229;8;Today marks the sad 23rd anniversary of the tragic loss of a LEGEND....a man who continues to inspire millions with his electrifying talent and his integrity as a musician.
2229;9;This is probably one of the best CDs of Stevie Ray Vaughn that I own.
2229;10;It could have used a couple more,such as "Pipeline" and "Ain't Gonna Give Up On Love",but it's still a really good compliation set.
2219;1;Now I am happy w/ my tunes & my wallet is happy about the price!
2219;2;He had an incredibly soulful voice and was an exceptionally gifted musician to boot.
2219;3;A good collection of his works.
2219;4;He had an incredibly soulful voice and was an exceptionally gifted musician to boot.
2219;5;He had an incredibly soulful voice and was an exceptionally gifted musician to boot.
2219;6;He had an incredibly soulful voice and was an exceptionally gifted musician to boot.
2219;7;lots of time line on this C D and worth the trip through time reminds of the days of W L S radio out of Chicago....oooops tell'n my age sorry folks, lots of great music fantastic buy
2219;8;He had an incredibly soulful voice and was an exceptionally gifted musician to boot.
2219;9;He had an incredibly soulful voice and was an exceptionally gifted musician to boot.
2219;10;I love this album
2218;1;I'm older and do remember all these songs when I was young and it gives me great memories of fun and happy holidays.
2218;2;The goal was to have a holiday album that would stack up against both other Christmas albums and the pop albums produced by his quartet of artists: Darlene Love, the Ronettes, the Crystals, and Bob B. Soxx and The Blue Jeans.
2218;3;Spector and Co. not only capture the good feelings and wonderful spirit of Christmas, but amazingly enough, you can dance to them, too.
2218;4;tony kornheiser, radio sports and culture guru, proclaimed this the greatest christmas album ever, not just the greatest rock and roll christmas album, on his show today, so i got it and listened to it and he was right.
2218;5;This is by far the most fun Christmas album ever made.
2218;6;"Marshmallow World" is fun but a trifle, while her "Winter Wonderland" may be the best track on the album, with "Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)" a soulful plea not to be separated for the holidays.
2218;7;For all you AM/FM radio fans out there, you will enjoy this nostalgic trip down early 60's holidays!
2218;8;This version of the song also features the extra lyrics about being in Los Angeles during the holiday
2218;9;This is by far the most fun Christmas album ever made.
2218;10;The arrangements are high-spirited and ebullient, and the stable of stars with whom he recorded so many classic 60's pop hits are all in peak form...You know them, you love them.
2217;1;On _Scarlet's Walk_ though, she makes good use of these arrangements for underscoring the emotions rather than forcing them.
2217;2;It is sad how much tragedy can bring out the most emotion in people but through Tori's SCARLETS WALK, the world is a better place and all of us can heal and love each other more!
2217;3;I was looking for  a good seller for this particular CD for awhile, and Amazon.com gave me a good price and good quality
2217;4;Upon first listen, it has amazing contrasts between songs and though it is a concept album, that does not get in the way of the beauticious lovelies that Tori decides to share with us.
2217;5;With this album Tori focuses on her extensive recent journeys throughout the USA, and shifts the focus to the inner struggles of the average women she met from many walks of life.
2217;6;For me, the song "Crazy" hit really close to home.
2217;7;The more settle music of "Scarlet'ws Walk" it's a group of tunes that saw the life by specific livings in a USA travel trip.
2217;8;It is sad how much tragedy can bring out the most emotion in people but through Tori's SCARLETS WALK, the world is a better place and all of us can heal and love each other more!
2217;9;The chorus and bridges make it one of the most fun songs to sing along with.
2217;10;Love the Tori Amos album of your choice
2216;1;Roy Orbison possessed the fantastic ability to take a song and turn it into a magnificent tour de force
2216;2;One of the Best along With Johnny Cash, His Music is sometimes Sad, Melodic.
2216;3;"Oh, Pretty Woman" gives us a strong ending for this album...The liner note artwork is good
2216;4;"Running Scared" has extra guitars to bolster the melody
2216;5;HDCD encoded when remastered (even if your CD player does not specifically decode them, see my review of Dave Brubeck's 1997 CD release of "Time Out" elsewhere to read of the many benefits of that process), the quality of the sound is phenomenal, especially considering the songs were originally recorded in the early '60s.
2216;6;"Running Scared" has extra guitars to bolster the melody
2216;7;big Orbison fan and I love jamming to this in the car.
2216;8;One of the Best along With Johnny Cash, His Music is sometimes Sad, Melodic.
2216;9;His older songs bring back lots of memories, and fun times.
2216;10;Moreover, "Candy Man" begins with some great harmonica that continues through the song
2223;1;Having soul means having lived through good times, bad times, happy times, and sad times.
2223;2;Having soul means having lived through good times, bad times, happy times, and sad times.
2223;3;Life isn't so much of balancing the good and the bad as it is learning to integrate the two and Young does a terrific job of integrating all of the aspects of life into great songs and powerful music.
2223;4;As an introduction to the wonderful world of Neil, it can't be beat
2223;5;Even if you own the whole Young catalogue  already, it's still amusing to read his liner notes.
2223;6;I grew up in a house with the whole CSN&Y thing and I have to say that the two individuals I gravitate to most often are David Crosby and Neil Young.
2223;7;But that's a very fine line to travel, and one that's basically  impossible to traverse for any sustained period.
2223;8;Having soul means having lived through good times, bad times, happy times, and sad times.
2223;9;These two discs are saturated with masterpieces.
2223;10;And, finally, I do have to add this - I love A Man Needs a Maid...At last count I had twenty-three Neil Young records and CDs.
2222;1;All very fine songs with real fun lyrics on 'Living Wreck' and wonderful screechy vocals on `Bloodsucker'that the band covered on their 'Abandon' album...Though am not mentioning Jon Lord, his work on the keys is an integral part of the album and can be felt everywhere at times mellowing the song at others giving it the hardness...All in all a great innovative riff based album with great vocals by Ian.
2222;2;This album is pure, and too bad it never gets airplay, this is a gem worth getting indeed.
2222;3;Still it had good success in the UK, reaching #4...This album contains some real heavy tracks with loads of drive.
2222;4;I had to hit the pause button after this epic.
2222;5;I love Child In Time, and after reading the sleeve's story about them recording in the same house as Uriah Heep, it made perfect sence.
2222;6;I love Child In Time, and after reading the sleeve's story about them recording in the same house as Uriah Heep, it made perfect sence.
2222;7;This one just drives along at full speed to conclude a amazing album...If you get the 25th Anniversary Edition, bonus tracks will follow like Black Night (re-mix) and Cry Free (re-mix) which are great additions...Blackmore, Lord, Glover, and Paice all have tremendous skill with their instruments, and Gillian is a great rock singer.
2222;8;All very fine songs with real fun lyrics on 'Living Wreck' and wonderful screechy vocals on `Bloodsucker'that the band covered on their 'Abandon' album...Though am not mentioning Jon Lord, his work on the keys is an integral part of the album and can be felt everywhere at times mellowing the song at others giving it the hardness...All in all a great innovative riff based album with great vocals by Ian.
2222;9;All very fine songs with real fun lyrics on 'Living Wreck' and wonderful screechy vocals on `Bloodsucker'that the band covered on their 'Abandon' album...Though am not mentioning Jon Lord, his work on the keys is an integral part of the album and can be felt everywhere at times mellowing the song at others giving it the hardness...All in all a great innovative riff based album with great vocals by Ian.
2222;10;I recomend it to every creature on earth that loves rock music!!!
2221;1;Scott Stapp is a very good vocalist, his voice can recall the days Eddie Vedder rocked the house but it is not a complete Vedder imitation, Stapp finds his own identity as does Creed as a whole.
2221;2;Its pretty sad that Brian Marshel left the  band because his bass in this album is very good.
2221;3;Scott Stapp is a very good vocalist, his voice can recall the days Eddie Vedder rocked the house but it is not a complete Vedder imitation, Stapp finds his own identity as does Creed as a whole.
2221;4;TORN and MY OWN PRISON fit this description.
2221;5;Read it and buy, now.
2221;6;Scott Stapp is a very good vocalist, his voice can recall the days Eddie Vedder rocked the house but it is not a complete Vedder imitation, Stapp finds his own identity as does Creed as a whole.
2221;7;The memorable songs are fantastic, with great, heartfelt vocals and hard driving guitar.
2221;8;The songs are strong and well-executed, especially the epic "Ode" with it's edgy lyrics and edgy licks by guitarist Mark Tremonti, it is a fast-paced track with a great heavy undercurrent.
2221;9;TORN and MY OWN PRISON fit this description.
2221;10;: ) If you getting this for someone that loves CREED,, They will thank you forever.
2220;1;Without sounding too "mushy", for the first time in their career it seems that Eddie found a happy place or perhaps had begun settling in nicely and feeling good about the direction of the band.
2220;2;I liked it from the first time I listened to it, but suddenly realized HOW much I liked it out of the blue.
2220;3;On Wishlist, another calm melodic beauty anchored by the simplest of riffs Eddie Vedder summarizes this mood perfectly with "I wish I were a messenger and all the news was good."
2220;4;Much great music to be heard by all is on Yield, like "Brain of J", yet another great opening song for PJ.
2220;5;If you have read any of my other Pearl Jam reviews, they are my favorite band of all time next to The Beatles.
2220;6;They played my home town that year, I loved it.
2220;7;While this album from '99 has a different sound overall, repeated listening reveals the solid backbone of inspiration and musical directions that has driven this group over it's impressive long career.
2220;8;Given to Fly-5/5-I love the lyrics to this song, but this is a great song period...5.
2220;9;'Yield' is incredibly awesome , emotional, & one of Pearl Jam's more fun albums.Also one of the most critically acclaimed albums of the 90s, if they made more music videos for this album besides just 'Do the Evolution', it couldve sold 10 million
2220;10;It has many experiments and risks in it, and also the same old PJ we've come to love, with some some great(and underrated)songs.
2211;1;It is a really good album, I especially enjoy the instrumentals "Steppin' Out" and "Hideaway" and Clapton's vocals on "Ramblin' on my mind".
2211;2;I have a grandson who is learning the guitar, and I decided to give him three cd's (now considered novel and antiquated technology) that might sum up guitar styles that are worth listening to.
2211;3;Its as good as the vinyl that caught my ear when I was a kid.
2211;4;I have a grandson who is learning the guitar, and I decided to give him three cd's (now considered novel and antiquated technology) that might sum up guitar styles that are worth listening to.
2211;5;If you see or read interviews of British "rock" stars form the 60's and 70's, they invariably refer to their blues influences that were obtained mostly from U.S. blues masters.
2211;6;Of course it can be played at any time, but I do often play it at weekend while cleaning up the house.
2211;7;I have a grandson who is learning the guitar, and I decided to give him three cd's (now considered novel and antiquated technology) that might sum up guitar styles that are worth listening to.
2211;8;Solid lyrics, great instrumentals and the first true guitarist album of all time.
2211;9;Even after the passage of decades, these numbers sound crisp and fresh and will have you dancing round the room.
2211;10;By now everyone who loves the blues knows this is THE album.
2210;1;It is also great to hear Ace having fun with music again, for some time it sounded like he was just going through the motions and not really enjoying it but now with sobriety on his side he is better than ever, and that is an awesome thing to witness especially his live show.
2210;2;The true Space man shows that he is still a force with to be reckoned with and that he can not only run with the big boys... he is the big boys!
2210;3;This a good solid album by The Space Ace.
2210;4;The true Space man shows that he is still a force with to be reckoned with and that he can not only run with the big boys... he is the big boys!
2210;5;The focus, the energy, the sound, the skill, its all there and its all awesome.
2210;6;Ace's Invader sounds AMAZING - big, fat, rich, clean and powerful.
2210;7;This is the type of cd that you can drive a car to and have a blast.
2210;8;Great voice - cool lyrics - Les Paul riffs out the ying-yang!
2210;9;Just pure rock and roll fun.
2210;10;this is an awesome album great licks awesome melody this rocks buy it youll love it.
2209;1;Regardless, I enjoy this album very much and they have crafted a very good album.
2209;2;Elton's piano playing is so moving on this track..."If It Wasn't For Bad" is a song with great musical arrangements.
2209;3;Elton's piano playing is so moving on this track..."If It Wasn't For Bad" is a song with great musical arrangements.
2209;4;This is a piece of work that they may never be able to reproduce again (I hope they try) and I suppose the only caveat that I might have to insert is that you have to love both artists to really appreciate what a great work this is and the fact that these songs will not be played on your pop music station but in homes across the world by people who appreciate great music.
2209;5;This is not the Elton John that sings "Crocodile Rock"  nor is it the Leon Russell that toured with Joe Cocker and performed as Mad Dogs & Englishmen, this is a subdued and focused effort by both men to produce something that was a reflection of their feelings and it worked beautifully.
2209;6;This is a piece of work that they may never be able to reproduce again (I hope they try) and I suppose the only caveat that I might have to insert is that you have to love both artists to really appreciate what a great work this is and the fact that these songs will not be played on your pop music station but in homes across the world by people who appreciate great music.
2209;7;Perfect driving music and superb quality to play time after time.
2209;8;Elton's piano playing is so moving on this track..."If It Wasn't For Bad" is a song with great musical arrangements.
2209;9;"A Dream Come True" is such a fun song.
2209;10;This is a piece of work that they may never be able to reproduce again (I hope they try) and I suppose the only caveat that I might have to insert is that you have to love both artists to really appreciate what a great work this is and the fact that these songs will not be played on your pop music station but in homes across the world by people who appreciate great music.
2208;1;My Own Prison, One and What's This Life For are  immediate favourites but all the tracks are great,and if you enjoy  alternative music this band is for you.
2208;2;You can actually feel the pain and emotion in these songs.
2208;3;Creed,unlike many rock bands  today,have a message,and ... good one.
2208;4;They are a great representation of  the CD as a whole.
2208;5;Read it and buy, now.
2208;6;Scott Stapp is a very good vocalist, his voice can recall the days Eddie Vedder rocked the house but it is not a complete Vedder imitation, Stapp finds his own identity as does Creed as a whole.
2208;7;This album is definitely lyrically driven followed by a solid collection of music.
2208;8;Creed puts forth such an amazing effort in their music and the lyrics are just so  emotional and deep.
2208;9;They are a great representation of  the CD as a whole.
2208;10;Band leaders Stapp and Tremonti write great songs featuring themes of anger, loneliness, love and inspiration.
2215;1;Enjoy this inside look at the life of Miranda Lambert, a fun, fearless, and on-top-of-the-world female country rock star...by Kelly Ford
2215;2;There isn't one bad song on "Four the Record", the music and lyrics are edgy, emotional, and full of attitude.
2215;3;so I will repeat... good album.
2215;4;She is a fabulous singer and this record shows it.
2215;5;She is a fabulous singer and this record shows it.
2215;6;She is a fabulous singer and this record shows it.
2215;7;Carries it in the car, and listens to it frequently.
2215;8;There isn't one bad song on "Four the Record", the music and lyrics are edgy, emotional, and full of attitude.
2215;9;Its so much fun  just to see her perform "live"...I think women of all age groups LOVE her...Beauitful, sassy and classy.....Even Guys, who normally do NOT listen to girl country singers, just LOVE Amanda....My son and most all his friends have her CDS in their trucks!
2215;10;Its so much fun  just to see her perform "live"...I think women of all age groups LOVE her...Beauitful, sassy and classy.....Even Guys, who normally do NOT listen to girl country singers, just LOVE Amanda....My son and most all his friends have her CDS in their trucks!
2214;1;The 'Early Studio Version' of "Take The Money And Run" is fantastic - the finished song would turn up on his next album "Night Owl" in 1979, but here it's fully formed and 'so' good - a reminder of how 'hooky' his melodies were.
2214;2;It's so sad he died so young and couldn't record any more music,  He is unique - his lyrics are brilliant, his melodies sweet, his voice soothing and the album overall is soothing and satisfying on every level.
2214;3;I think every single song on it is good, not a bad one in the bunch...Of course I love Baker Street.
2214;4;Overall, this  is one of the best rock albums from the late 1970s.
2214;5;A Gerry Rafferty quote I was able to read, 'Many thank to everybody who helped the making of this album and curses to those who hindered'.
2214;6;Once you get past the hits "home and Dry", "Baker Street" (one of the best songs ever), and "right down the line" there's still much more to consider...The Title track, "Mattie's Rag", and "whatever's written in your heart" are all just as good as the hits, but it still doesn't end there...the rest are equally sublime.
2214;7;Play it all the time in the car.
2214;8;It's so sad he died so young and couldn't record any more music,  He is unique - his lyrics are brilliant, his melodies sweet, his voice soothing and the album overall is soothing and satisfying on every level.
2214;9;This probably isn't a record you put on at a party, but one that you sit with and enjoy as a whole piece of music.
2214;10;Love this album and find it has a very long life in my rotation of music.
2213;1;Mixing fun bravado filled collaborations with more thought provoking tracks.
2213;2;After two years of recording in Hawaii, often inviting friends and fellow artists to come play along, West ended up spending over $3 million on recording the record, employing musicians and recording a huge number of songs along the way, eventually settling on a 13-track setlist...The lesser tracks, for my money, include "Hell of a Life" (though it does feature one of West's most innovative arrangements yet), "Monster" and "So Appalled," none of which are bad songs, pre se.
2213;3;You may not like his antics -- and antics can take attention away from good music
2213;4;With this album, he has produced his most grandiose and epic opus and makes use of the time to display who he is at this point in his career and life.
2213;5;He uses that to make a point about the perception that the media prism refracts and he is just refracting back at them like a game of telephone...The album's centerpiece, "Runaway", is what brings this collection into focus.
2213;6;and his answer was that he was cooking up a classic that will undoubtedly define his career and cement his legacy as one of the greatest producers and rappers of all time.
2213;7;Kanye delivers a piano driven ballad "Blame Game" with a duet with his protege John Legend and an amusing ending by Chris Rock.
2213;8;My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is a 70-minute sonic landscape of braggadocio, intellect, raw emotion, fear, sadness, boastfulness, pride, lust, temptation, and sincerity.
2213;9;Mixing fun bravado filled collaborations with more thought provoking tracks.
2213;10;Couple his incredible level of naivety with his labored understanding of pop craft, love of hip-hop history and undeniable production skill and you have the most fascinating big-name working pop artist of the moment...Speaking candidly, Beautiful is the exact kind of hip-hop record that the rock-centric genre tourists (the ones confused by Earl Sweatshirt, scared of Dead Prez and in love with Jay-Z and maybe Eminem) hold high, as if they're suddenly experts on the hip-hop genre.
2212;1;Fantastic C.D every song is superb!!
2212;2;The item was nicely packaged and received without any problems.
2212;3;Prompt delivery, good quality product
2212;4;The item was nicely packaged and received without any problems.
2212;5;The item was nicely packaged and received without any problems.
2212;6;The item was nicely packaged and received without any problems.
2212;7;The item was nicely packaged and received without any problems.
2212;8;The item was nicely packaged and received without any problems.
2212;9;The item was nicely packaged and received without any problems.
2212;10;I love everything Jason Aldean does.
2268;1;Mariah sings with emotion and she really makes you enjoy the songs and want you to sing with her.
2268;2;It's a sad song, but I love it.
2268;3;which was probably a huge step for Mariah's career, it is one of her biggest songs, and who doesn't love the sampling of "Genius of Love" by The Tom Tom Club, it's good for a bad day... Then the album moves into a beautiful love ballad, "Underneath The Stars."
2268;4;This version of Mariah collaborated with a totally unexpected (gasp!)
2268;5;This version of Mariah collaborated with a totally unexpected (gasp!)
2268;6;She even brilliantly dabbles in house music on the David Morales mix "Daydream Interlude."
2268;7;It's gentle, sweet, and the thumping bass and light instrumental melody never threaten to overpower the vocals, which drive the music.
2268;8;Plus, Mariah dips into her lowest register on this one, which is something she should do a little more often than she does..."I am Free" and "Looking In" I am grouping these together since they represent truly introspective and personal lyrics, and are a nice addition to the collection on the album, between the pop and love ballads.
2268;9;, 'Underneath the Stars'(Sweet up-tempo ballad that is tons of fun to sing), 'One Sweet Day' (Very emotional and lovely), and 'Fantasy' (Great dance track).
2268;10;Melt Away, which was produced by Babyface is another wonderful, romantic ballad that I love because of the way Mariah sings!!
2269;1;I love listening to this album on a good rainy day.
2269;2;His keyboard and writing talents are also evident on this CD, as there's not a bad song on it...I'm admittedly partial to "Love Calls", "Matter of Time", "Say" and the nice up-tempo "Inside", but this whole CD is just terrific from start to finish.
2269;3;I love listening to this album on a good rainy day.
2269;4;Kem shows his audience what R&B is all about with his initial CD.
2269;5;I asked that you order it, right after you read my review.
2269;6;Hits the spot driving home after a long, hard day at work.
2269;7;This album is great for those quiet evenings at home or to drive in your car with.
2269;8;A well rounded artist with songs full of pure passion and emotions, my kinda guy.
2269;9;Kem shows his audience what R&B is all about with his initial CD.
2269;10;I love listening to this album on a good rainy day.
2270;1;For those of us who miss "real" country music, this is a must...but anyone who appreciates good music will enjoy it, too.
2270;2;Did you girl or guy leave you for someone new well these songs are for feeling that pain while having a good time.
2270;3;Super album in vinyl and a crazy good price.
2270;4;This is true traditional country music at its best, and Vince does it perfectly.
2270;5;This is true traditional country music at its best, and Vince does it perfectly.
2270;6;This is true traditional country music at its best, and Vince does it perfectly.
2270;7;It's great listening music when driving to work, or anywhere, for that matter.
2270;8;The vocals are incredible, the music and the emotions that come through it all is powerful.
2270;9;great loved it great music to dance to
2270;10;Old timers will LOVE this new album and the younger generation can sure learn TRUE COUNTRY by getting this album!
2271;1;Better in every way than Light Me Up, which was a good album.
2271;2;"Heaven Knows" (favorite song on album!)
2271;3;Better in every way than Light Me Up, which was a good album.
2271;4;"Heaven Knows" (favorite song on album!)
2271;5;"Heaven Knows" (favorite song on album!)
2271;6;"Heaven Knows" (favorite song on album!)
2271;7;Listening to her sing is a trip.
2271;8;Her bandmates are great musicians and the lyrics are well written.
2271;9;This album is built to party and a no-brainer recommended buy.
2271;10;Her love for music glows through every onstage movement she makes.
2264;1;This music does everything- In fact, it is so good that I long ago got over the annoyance of the religious themes infused into most of the lyrics.
2264;2;This music does everything- In fact, it is so good that I long ago got over the annoyance of the religious themes infused into most of the lyrics.
2264;3;This music does everything- In fact, it is so good that I long ago got over the annoyance of the religious themes infused into most of the lyrics.
2264;4;This music does everything- In fact, it is so good that I long ago got over the annoyance of the religious themes infused into most of the lyrics.
2264;5;I was so impressed with this, that night I took the album to bed to read every bit of fine print on the cover and look at the picture of that bearded wise man on the cover,...Its a long time since my first encounter with LEFTOVERTURE but I remember It like It was yesterday.
2264;6;And as a disc jockey at the time, you could bet the farm that the "Carry On Wayward Son" 45 would be played at least once an hour during my shift...Good times...Kansas has all the components:  sensational musicianship, outstanding vocals, clean, crisp rifts.
2264;7;Next is another great piece called "Questions Of My Childhood" which is driven by synthesizers and acoustic guitars and is a great song.
2264;8;Again, AMAZING music, lyrics, emotion, and popular appeal.
2264;9;Very fun to listen to,again.
2264;10;Bought as a gift - loved it!
2265;1;You be the judge but at the end of the day, I think you will be happy.
2265;2;I'm usually one who dislikes live recordings (since they are so darn BAD, I don't care how famous the band), but this CD is so good that now I can't even listen the studio versions of these songs.
2265;3;I'm usually one who dislikes live recordings (since they are so darn BAD, I don't care how famous the band), but this CD is so good that now I can't even listen the studio versions of these songs.
2265;4;Dave, Nick and Rick actually had something to do with the final result of most of the old  albums.
2265;5;Dave, Nick and Rick actually had something to do with the final result of most of the old  albums.
2265;6;I realize it is a live concert but at home it just gets in the way of the enjoyment.
2265;7;Contrary to the aforementioned reviews, these CD are of excellent quality and are a tremendous joy to listen to, whether it be on a recliner in a darkened room, on a busy highway on your way to or from work, or even on a long road trip.
2265;8;And the lyrics touch upon the  music buisness and Barrets leaving the band.the production is amazing too.
2265;9;It is actually fun to listen to the live audience sing lovingly the tunes they know so well.
2265;10;Both of them are very nice and  hopefully you'll love it!!
2266;1;Great product at a fantastic price with lightening fast shipping!!
2266;2;I'm usually one who dislikes live recordings (since they are so darn BAD, I don't care how famous the band), but this CD is so good that now I can't even listen the studio versions of these songs.
2266;3;I'm usually one who dislikes live recordings (since they are so darn BAD, I don't care how famous the band), but this CD is so good that now I can't even listen the studio versions of these songs.
2266;4;The rejuvenated Division Bell band radiates confidence, experience and professionalism.
2266;5;The rejuvenated Division Bell band radiates confidence, experience and professionalism.
2266;6;I realize it is a live concert but at home it just gets in the way of the enjoyment.
2266;7;Contrary to the aforementioned reviews, these CD are of excellent quality and are a tremendous joy to listen to, whether it be on a recliner in a darkened room, on a busy highway on your way to or from work, or even on a long road trip.
2266;8;Pink Floyd has long had the reputation for delivering flawless sound with meaningful lyrics.
2266;9;It is actually fun to listen to the live audience sing lovingly the tunes they know so well.
2266;10;With none of the interpersonal tension so evident during Rogers last couple of years with Floyd, the band here is more relaxed and the resultant music outstanding.
2267;1;I particularly like albums, cd's or tapes that have more than five good songs.
2267;2;Maxwell's sexy and sensual voice and vibe are so clearly evident here in every song.
2267;3;The Urban Hang Suite is a "Classic RB Groove"  just puts you in the right mood for unwinding and feeling relaxed for "Old School" vibe.
2267;4;I am a fitness teacher and bought this album for teaching.
2267;5;Maxwell's sexy and sensual voice and vibe are so clearly evident here in every song.
2267;6;A perfect golden and round pancake cooked to perfection.
2267;7;He's definitely a fresh approach to the R & B scene, and one of few whose CD's can play completely undisturbed in my car, home, office, whenever, wherever, and whatever...  love him, love him, love HIM.
2267;8;From the live, funky grooves of "Sumthin', Sumthin'" and  "Welcome" to the beautiful "Whenever Wherever  Whatever", ...Urban Hang Suite is full of intelligent love lyrics and  original musicianship.
2267;9;The fast songs make you want instantly get up and dance, and the ballads make you feel like Maxwell is singing the beautiful and emotional lyrics to you and only you.
2267;10;I love all of Maxwell's cd's/music... His songs are timeless and good for just about any mood...although he always buts you in that romantic mood.
2260;1;The truth is I enjoy the whole album.
2260;2;Phil Colins is, without a doubt, one of the finest singer/songwriters of recent years (not bad for a drummer, huh?)
2260;3;Great upbeat songs like "Sussudio" "Don't Lose My Number" and even the slower, more relaxed Melodily "Long,Long Way To Go" and the romantic ballad "One More Night" are really his best accomplishments.
2260;4;"Only you know and I know"-A semi-pop track with a great synth hook.
2260;5;The other drawback is that the credits are put in what appears to be "Phil Collins like" handwriting and it makes it hard to read...This album won the Grammy for "Album of the Year" in 1985 - a year that was the most competitive album year I can remember.
2260;6;From the dance-pop number "Sussido" to the harder rocking "Don't Lose My Number" to the R & B style "Take Me Home" to the number one ballad "One More Night", the album is a strong blend of many different styles.
2260;7;But the remastering is  definitely noticable in a good way if you listen to music on an iPod or in the car.
2260;8;Phil Colins is, without a doubt, one of the finest singer/songwriters of recent years (not bad for a drummer, huh?)
2260;9;It's fun upbeat music that is not childish and cheap like most upbeat stuff today.
2260;10;Great upbeat songs like "Sussudio" "Don't Lose My Number" and even the slower, more relaxed Melodily "Long,Long Way To Go" and the romantic ballad "One More Night" are really his best accomplishments.
2261;1;I've enjoyed all her albumsb, but I was still suprised at how good this album is!
2261;2;It showcases her range from sweet love songs to songs of pain and longing.
2261;3;There are many good songs in this albums:.
2261;4;The vocals are clear and the whole song has a very dramatic feel.
2261;5;It's a beautiful ender, for me, with profound lyrics stringed together with an almost church-like aura...Overall, the CD is very diverse and balanced, not focusing too much on drama, ballads, or dance-heavy tracks, but rather, incorporates all of them consistently.
2261;6;Now that Xtina has gotten married, she cleaned up her image and her songs.
2261;7;Makes Me Wanna Pray: Very Uptempo Gospel-eque song, it's great...it's one of those songs you sing in the car, just having fun.
2261;8;It's about Christina's wedding, and the lyrics are very touching.
2261;9;Fun to sing and dance too, and crank up whenever the come on and listen to Christina wail.
2261;10;Other than that, I love this disc.
2262;1;"Good Friends and a Bottle of Pills" was quirky and fun.
2262;2;I'm a huge fan of pantera, and this is by FAR their best record (once again, not saying that their others are bad in any sense of the word, this is just THAT damn good).
2262;3;I'm a huge fan of pantera, and this is by FAR their best record (once again, not saying that their others are bad in any sense of the word, this is just THAT damn good).
2262;4;25 Years is by far the best workout song ever.
2262;5;One of panteras greatest works if you need a review to tell you to buy this you don't need this album so stop reading and start buying.
2262;6;Phil's clean vocals are something the listener hasn't heard much of through the course of the album, and they sound excellent.
2262;7;It is my favorite to listen to while driving.
2262;8;The sense of rage, the lyrics, the music, they are simply amazing.
2262;9;There is maximum imagination and fun.
2262;10;Got the re-mastered version, love it, sounds great, classic, brutal album, etc.
2263;1;My husband and I both enjoyed it very much
2263;2;Great music, just sad outcome
2263;3;Anything with Joey and Rory is good.
2263;4;My husband and I both enjoyed it very much
2263;5;My husband and I both enjoyed it very much
2263;6;My husband and I both enjoyed it very much
2263;7;My husband and I both enjoyed it very much
2263;8;Great music, just sad outcome
2263;9;My husband and I both enjoyed it very much
2263;10;Joey & Rory are a fantastic couple & their love for each other shows in their singing.
2256;1;Plays good and sounds fantastic.
2256;2;Ann, the lead vocalist  is among the greats of all time, she can rock with the heaviest and also  sing with soothing grace and gentleness.
2256;3;As described, fairly priced, good delivery.
2256;4;Ann, the lead vocalist  is among the greats of all time, she can rock with the heaviest and also  sing with soothing grace and gentleness.
2256;5;If you DO own it but are reading this review anyway, buy the album again and give it to a friend!
2256;6;From it's original gatefold cover, to the cleaned up sound quality, this album is spot on as far as overall quality.
2256;7;Dreamboat Annie is a terrific balance between driving rock n roll and  etheral folk styled music.
2256;8;The imagery of the opening lyrics is stunning:  "Heading out this morning into the sun/Riding on the diamond waves, little darlin' one."
2256;9;Ann, the lead vocalist  is among the greats of all time, she can rock with the heaviest and also  sing with soothing grace and gentleness.
2256;10;and beautifully lyrical at the same time:  "My love is the evening breeze touching your skin/The gentle sweet singing of leaves in the wind/The whisper that calls, after you in the night/And kisses your ear in the early light" and "I was a willow last night in my dream/I bent down over a clear running stream/I sang you the song that I heard up above/And you keep me alive with your sweet, flowing love."
2257;1;I absolutely loved The Diving Board not only because of the songs alone, but we really have had songs lately on radio that have lagged real emotion.
2257;2;"Oscar Wilde gets out" charting the writers sad departure to France post Reading Jail is an automatic start for downloads.
2257;3;With the help of one of the best producers around, his long-time partner, and Elton and his piano, "The Diving Board" is just pure gold...Everything in this album will make you feel good, even the themes of nostalgia and what some people might perceive as sadness, don't come across as negative reflections, but more like appreciations of what life has given you.
2257;4;I admire Elton for including a song about my favorite sport on his album.
2257;5;"Oscar Wilde gets out" charting the writers sad departure to France post Reading Jail is an automatic start for downloads.
2257;6;The tracks range nicely from the piano with ballads like The New Fever Waltz to the elegance of the lead single Home Again, all the way to the blues with Mexican Vacation (Kids In The Candlelight.)
2257;7;"Mexican Vacation (Kids In The Candlelight)" is a spunky nostalgic trip that musically finds Elton rediscovering the blues-and is one of my personal favorites here.
2257;8;Taupin has come through with possibly the most exciting set of lyrics - or stories - he's handed Elton in many years, if not ever.
2257;9;A smoky, jazz piano break, caressed by Jay Bellerose's intimate drum brush, is the romantic slow dance.
2257;10;Either way, you'll love every minute of it, every titillating melodic turn.
2258;1;"Good for You" and "London" are also enjoyable, exhibiting raw emotion.
2258;2;Overall, a great cd, and if you own their  latest release, blue, you have to buy this one, because it is much more  diverse.
2258;3;It just makes me feel so damn good
2258;4;It's easy to see why, as it's a well-crafted, well-written and well-played piece that still sounds fresh today.
2258;5;I love lyricists whose personality can be read as easily as their words.
2258;6;On my latest list, the top 10 were filled with Zeppelin, Skynyrd, and The Who classics, to name a few, with #1 being Zeppelin's Houses of the Holy.
2258;7;Third Eye Blind had the spark, the talent and the drive to outlast and outdo most of their competition and could continue a fruitful career milking this album alone.
2258;8;The emotion that the band puts into their music, paired with their heartfelt lyrics produce a combination that doesn't get old.
2258;9;The Album offers some really funky beats and fun  type songs.
2258;10;I love this album beyond belief, and recommend it above any other.
2259;1;The rest of the hits came rushing behind
2259;2;Phil Colins is, without a doubt, one of the finest singer/songwriters of recent years (not bad for a drummer, huh?)
2259;3;Phil Colins is, without a doubt, one of the finest singer/songwriters of recent years (not bad for a drummer, huh?)
2259;4;Phil Colins is, without a doubt, one of the finest singer/songwriters of recent years (not bad for a drummer, huh?)
2259;5;The other drawback is that the credits are put in what appears to be "Phil Collins like" handwriting and it makes it hard to read...This album won the Grammy for "Album of the Year" in 1985 - a year that was the most competitive album year I can remember.
2259;6;The rest of the hits came rushing behind
2259;7;But the remastering is  definitely noticable in a good way if you listen to music on an iPod or in the car.
2259;8;Phil Colins is, without a doubt, one of the finest singer/songwriters of recent years (not bad for a drummer, huh?)
2259;9;This contains a nice sax solo and a string arrangement..."Don't Lose My Number" - another "fun" song.
2259;10;PHIL COLLINS is great,terrific,super,superb,fantastic,majestic,  awesome and plain GREAT.I love him in Genesis and his solo albums.
2253;1;If you have a record player, with Amazon auto rip, this one is good to have.
2253;2;Just keep in mind this is a pop recording.
2253;3;If you have a record player, with Amazon auto rip, this one is good to have.
2253;4;Just keep in mind this is a pop recording.
2253;5;Just keep in mind this is a pop recording.
2253;6;A classic piece of music history in lovely vinyl, the sound is crisp and clean and shows why amy was such a big hit
2253;7;Just keep in mind this is a pop recording.
2253;8;these are true statements ...She wrote her own music , it is real music  with real quality lyrics .
2253;9;Just keep in mind this is a pop recording.
2253;10;I love albums, there is so much more to look at than a jewel box.
2252;1;In the end however, the album is a darn good one and anyone who has enjoyed Maiden's musical maturity since Somewhere in time onward, will find a gem and some very good tunes here.
2252;2;There's some gorgeous pictures including a super cool photo of the band illuminated by blue light from behind, and the sleeves have great space artwork along with a photo of the crosskeys, and the Eddie on the FF tour poster.
2252;3;"The Talisman" can show a lot of raw power, however, which is always a good thing when it comes to Maiden.
2252;4;Very unlike what's been done in 30 years of history.
2252;5;I had the pleasure of seeing Maiden for the second time this year, and with a setlist focusing mainly on new material, it was brilliant.
2252;6;I clean all my new vinyl.
2252;7;The guitar playing is definitely very Adrian and Dave driven... I strongly encourage you to pick this one up.
2252;8;It's 9 minutes long, and it's one of those songs where you'll pay closer attention to the lyrics while some interesting tune plays in the background (and not the other way around).
2252;9;The trio of guitar is always fun to listen to and bass wall Harris is there.
2252;10;i hope they come through again next year, cause i would love to hear these songs live.
2255;1;What makes this album so good?
2255;2;It ranks up there with Gza'a Liqiud Swords.
2255;3;What makes this album so good?
2255;4;It ranks up there with Gza'a Liqiud Swords.
2255;5;As you probably know already if you're reading this, the Wu-Tang Clan is one of the weirdest, funniest and best rap groups alive.
2255;6;It ranks up there with Gza'a Liqiud Swords.
2255;7;A very RZA-like jazzy beat drives this song in which Rae shows what he can do on his own.
2255;8;Raekwon has everything, the beats, the lyrics...This is one of the best debut CDs ever.
2255;9;The beats are just awesome - these are great for anywhere, and most definitely parties.
2255;10;Criminology has a dope as beat, and they come out hard her, i love this song.
2254;1;BTW her recent tour is fantastic too!
2254;2;This album may have some sad songs, but even they have a hopeful vibe for the most part.
2254;3;This is just a feel good album.
2254;4;Piece by Piece brings chills every time.
2254;5;Piece by Piece brings chills every time.
2254;6;Piece by Piece brings chills every time.
2254;7;Piece by Piece brings chills every time.
2254;8;This album may have some sad songs, but even they have a hopeful vibe for the most part.
2254;9;I love "Heartbreak Song" It is a excellent dance tune.
2254;10;Love it, another fantastic album from Kelly, I have followed her from her Idol days and she continues to get better and better.
2249;1;a fantastic blues player for the 21st century
2249;2;Joe Bonamassa has got to be one of the best living blues guitarists today.
2249;3;Overall production and sound quality is good for a live recording.
2249;4;Joe Bonamassa has got to be one of the best living blues guitarists today.
2249;5;My comments on the DVD below as well as supportive review information included will hopefully assist the listener as they are both exceptional...I read, "Joe did play two shows at the Beacon.
2249;6;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
2249;7;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
2249;8;Joe Bonamassa has got to be one of the best living blues guitarists today.
2249;9;It's amazing how much fun they seemed to have on the stage...there was so much chemistry between the performers...John Hiatt came out, and Paul Rodgers did too, and they blended together as easily as if they'd been doing this all their lives.
2249;10;I absolutely loved the whole album all the way through.
2248;1;My Personal Favorite..-Enigma Machine is the instrumental of this album the more you listen the more u love it.-Illumination theory is the reason why we all Love DT in the first place, this is a ride we all should enjoy...Generally speaking, this album is different, but in a good way.
2248;2;Forget the negatives forget Portnoy (as brilliant as he was), this band has delivered an album that fully expresses their musical identity as one if not the best prog/rock band in the business.
2248;3;My Personal Favorite..-Enigma Machine is the instrumental of this album the more you listen the more u love it.-Illumination theory is the reason why we all Love DT in the first place, this is a ride we all should enjoy...Generally speaking, this album is different, but in a good way.
2248;4;See, New York's finest imports have long ago mastered the art of extreme sports musicianship (and they still, to this day, remain the source of some of heavy music's best guitar work), but they have always left some room for growth in their songwriting.
2248;5;I greatly enjoyed the 1994 followup "Awake", didn't care all that much for the "A Change of Seasons" pesudo e.p., greatly enjoyed 1997's "Falling into Infinity" (a very underrated release in my opinion) and also thought that 1999's "Metropolis Pt. 2: Scenes from a Memory" was a very strong and focused released with only a few weak moments near the end...After that point starting with 2002's "Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence", the band began to lose me as a fan.
2248;6;This entirely instrumental, six minute-long epic features some deliciously mazy and screaming guitar soloing (seriously, "Enigma Machine" is an air-guitarists wet dream, as it is home to some of the album's finest and most complex and technical guitar work).
2248;7;This self titled album is like a trip back in time for me as a Dream Theater fan.
2248;8;His orchestrated middle-part to "Illumination Theory" is breathtaking...The limited edition comes with a second disc with the 5.1 mix of the entire album, all packaged in a simple, yet elegant digi with fixed-in-place lyric booklet.
2248;9;It also resembles the When Dream and Day Unite Era.....The instrumental enigma machine is not the Ytse Jam or the dance of infinity but still is a very solid one.....The following song  "bigger picture" is verry strong  and Labrie's exquisite vocals take over....."behind the veil" and "surrender to reason" are good songs but are not the best of DT IMO.
2248;10;My Personal Favorite..-Enigma Machine is the instrumental of this album the more you listen the more u love it.-Illumination theory is the reason why we all Love DT in the first place, this is a ride we all should enjoy...Generally speaking, this album is different, but in a good way.
2251;1;It is a fun album that you can listen to over and over and will remind you of the good old days of REM
2251;2;"I'm Gonna D.J." is hilarious rocker...Accelerate and the songs on it are short, but that brevity keeps REM from the aimless meandering they engaged in during their recent past...Best news-  It looks like Stipe won't be wearing a mask of blue make-up this tour!
2251;3;This real is a good album.
2251;4;My favorite tracks: "Supernatural Superserious", Until the day is done", "Living well is the best revenge", "Hollow man", "Horse to water", "Man-sized wreath", "Accelerate" and my own private number one "Mr. Richards".
2251;5;It truly is remarkable that some how REM has rediscovered its musical focus and muse.
2251;6;My favorite tracks: "Supernatural Superserious", Until the day is done", "Living well is the best revenge", "Hollow man", "Horse to water", "Man-sized wreath", "Accelerate" and my own private number one "Mr. Richards".
2251;7;Because it marks the return of REM to their sound of the late 1980s and early 1990s, a sound that was guitar driven and had an edge.
2251;8;Lyrics are not necessarily happy like the Springsteen "Magic" CD but the music is clever like Bruce's CD.
2251;9;It is a fun album that you can listen to over and over and will remind you of the good old days of REM
2251;10;The album has solid rockers and a couple of low key songs.
2250;1;I have a wide range of musical interests from heavy metal to pop, so that probably made it easier for me to enjoy this record.
2250;2;I have a wide range of musical interests from heavy metal to pop, so that probably made it easier for me to enjoy this record.
2250;3;They're actually quite good at it still, as Def Leppard is one of the top touring attractions today, and they are still younger (or as young as) the Stones, U2, Aerosmith, Rush, KISS, ACDC, the list goes on.
2250;4;I have a wide range of musical interests from heavy metal to pop, so that probably made it easier for me to enjoy this record.
2250;5;If you buy it I hope you enjoy it as much as I have and thanks for taking the time to read my review.
2250;6;I have a wide range of musical interests from heavy metal to pop, so that probably made it easier for me to enjoy this record.
2250;7;This is their best work in years in my opinion, great to rock out in the car too
2250;8;They really write some great lyrics that can often be positive, uplifting, tough, cool, and maybe even a little funny here and there.
2250;9;Man Enough and Energized are a lot of fun in spite of being so different.
2250;10;And I love the beginning of Sea Of Love.
2245;1;The songwriting is simple and powerful, mostly about fun and good times.
2245;2;And then we come to the above mentioned and totally amazing, Calling Dr. Love, which opens with it's fantastic power chords, and very cool cowbells, while Gene Simmons sings, "You need my love, Baby, Oh so bad...!"
2245;3;The rest of the songs are good to average, with tracks like Baby Driver and Ladies Room letting the side down a little.
2245;4;By this time KISS were extremly popular and enjoying the success from there 1976 tour.
2245;5;Gene if you are reading, I bet you are laughing and remembering the good 'ol rumors back in the day
2245;6;One of their best...  Hard, clean and simple (in a good way)
2245;7;This is Kiss traveling the road to stardom but still a few miles away from the very top.
2245;8;And then we come to the above mentioned and totally amazing, Calling Dr. Love, which opens with it's fantastic power chords, and very cool cowbells, while Gene Simmons sings, "You need my love, Baby, Oh so bad...!"
2245;9;And they were having fun.
2245;10;The highlights include Take Me, Love 'Em & Leave 'Em, Makin' Love, Hard Luck Woman and Calling Dr Love.
2244;1;This is an album that will lift your spirits when you are down, make you feel even better when you're already feeling good and its just fun to listen to.
2244;2;Love the album, able to listen to immediately from the instant rip
2244;3;It is good to hear the gospel spread by the music of this group.
2244;4;Love the album, able to listen to immediately from the instant rip
2244;5;Love the album, able to listen to immediately from the instant rip
2244;6;I like to listen to music that is uplifting and this CD does the trick, on my drive to work and again on my drive back home.
2244;7;I like to listen to music that is uplifting and this CD does the trick, on my drive to work and again on my drive back home.
2244;8;Love the album, able to listen to immediately from the instant rip
2244;9;But "Greater" is a perky, fun song...if nothing else will cause your foot to tap, if not causing you to all out dance.
2244;10;Love the album, able to listen to immediately from the instant rip
2247;1;I grew up on this type of music and it was good then and still is just as good, I like it a lot but I knew my brother loves it more since he was in a band once upon a time so I gave it to him to enjoy.
2247;2;This is one of the best CD's in my 700+ collection, and easily is the best purchase I have made in months.
2247;3;I grew up on this type of music and it was good then and still is just as good, I like it a lot but I knew my brother loves it more since he was in a band once upon a time so I gave it to him to enjoy.
2247;4;This is one of the best CD's in my 700+ collection, and easily is the best purchase I have made in months.
2247;5;This is one of the best CD's in my 700+ collection, and easily is the best purchase I have made in months.
2247;6;This is one of the best CD's in my 700+ collection, and easily is the best purchase I have made in months.
2247;7;I sing along in the car....especially loving Get Ready.
2247;8;This is one of the best CD's in my 700+ collection, and easily is the best purchase I have made in months.
2247;9;Their music was unique and fun, and I highly recommend this CD if you liked long rock tracks and funk from the early 70s, or if you like good rock music regardless of the era.
2247;10;I grew up on this type of music and it was good then and still is just as good, I like it a lot but I knew my brother loves it more since he was in a band once upon a time so I gave it to him to enjoy.
2246;1;Song 10 Mighty To Save is a song that just makes you feel "oh yeah" I can relate to the message of this song and I want to tell everyone I know about Jesus - yeah, we "want to shine our light and let the whole world see," Song 11 All the Way takes us in a good sort of way to the last song on the CD while blessing us on the way.
2246;2;I've listened to it constantly for the past couple of months!
2246;3;Song 10 Mighty To Save is a song that just makes you feel "oh yeah" I can relate to the message of this song and I want to tell everyone I know about Jesus - yeah, we "want to shine our light and let the whole world see," Song 11 All the Way takes us in a good sort of way to the last song on the CD while blessing us on the way.
2246;4;I've listened to it constantly for the past couple of months!
2246;5;I've listened to it constantly for the past couple of months!
2246;6;I've listened to it constantly for the past couple of months!
2246;7;I've listened to it constantly for the past couple of months!
2246;8;All the lyrics about believing, Jesus, living right, are so uplifting, energetic and inspiring.
2246;9;Bless them for delivering the message in a fun way!!
2246;10;I loved their versions of some of my favorite worship songs along with a couple new songs.
2241;1;This is a fantastic album from beginning to end
2241;2;This is a fantastic album from beginning to end
2241;3;This Black Keys album is extremely good!
2241;4;This is a fantastic album from beginning to end
2241;5;This is a fantastic album from beginning to end
2241;6;This is a fantastic album from beginning to end
2241;7;This is a fantastic album from beginning to end
2241;8;This is a fantastic album from beginning to end
2241;9;This is a fantastic album from beginning to end
2241;10;Great cd have been looking for the right one for a long time that had a song I love.
2240;1;Yes Joe, "life has been good" and we hope you keep making great music...If you like the sounds of the 70's as I do, and enjoy the Eagles too, you won't want to miss adding this great CD to your collection as I did.
2240;2;The CD is a gem from start to finish.
2240;3;This is a good collection of Joe Walsh's songs.
2240;4;And, PS, this is a great workout tool.
2240;5;The CD is a gem from start to finish.
2240;6;The CD is a gem from start to finish.
2240;7;The CD is a gem from start to finish.
2240;8;It has all the great guitar playing he is known for and great lyrics to go along with it.
2240;9;His music will move you to either dance or sing along...or both.
2240;10;This collection is a 'Must Have' for anyone that loves The Eagles, or one of the best (and underrated?)
2243;1;Using the less is more theory, hearing  the record on a regular basis I'm happy to end this project on the last song "Good Vibrations".
2243;2;Happily, the song ultimately found its way back to an arrangement that reflected its extraordinary, concise beauty...To sum it up, this is a journey worth waiting for - and worth taking again and again.
2243;3;BTW - the 33 was of good quality & I will post one last note about the 45s after I spin them.
2243;4;Happily, the song ultimately found its way back to an arrangement that reflected its extraordinary, concise beauty...To sum it up, this is a journey worth waiting for - and worth taking again and again.
2243;5;I also read the big linear book while the music was playing, and learned a lot  about the album.
2243;6;The mastering of the album is crisp and clean.
2243;7;What holds this material so well together is its sense of wonder and grandeur--the amazing webs of vocals, and classical sense of instrumentation...Smile is about Americana--not revolving around a particular theme, but playing like a psychedelic photo album of a 1960's road trip.
2243;8;They are there to create images, to my mind much like the lyrics of Jon Anderson of Yes, which paint images much like the words of Smile.
2243;9;SMiLE is definitely a more adventurous, stylistically diverse record, and also more fun.
2243;10;Indeed SMiLE is Brian Wilson gift to the world, a work of unrivaled dedication , devotion, and love.
2242;1;Stevie looks great and sound good too.
2242;2;Stevie looks great and sound good too.
2242;3;Stevie looks great and sound good too.
2242;4;Stevie looks great and sound good too.
2242;5;Stevie looks great and sound good too.
2242;6;This live DVD was beautiful and performed in Chicago (my home town).
2242;7;Stevie looks great and sound good too.
2242;8;Stevie looks great and sound good too.
2242;9;Live in Chicago is a fun and exciting concert DVD.
2242;10;It is an amazing, very laid back version of Sara...I love how Stevie mixes things up with new endings to songs.
2302;1;present from my husband.i enjoy celine dion very much.
2302;2;There's nothing bad to say about Celine, because she's got the voice of an angel.
2302;3;thank you Celine for some good music and lyrics!
2302;4;Wow what the heck is this?
2302;5;Wow what the heck is this?
2302;6;Wow what the heck is this?
2302;7;Good listen in my car!
2302;8;That's the only album of hers I didn't care for as a whole but on this album Celine is back singing edgier songs but with the same emotion and passion she is known for.
2302;9;In fact, I made fun of her and her "ATTI-TUDE" when she spoke, performed, all of the above.
2302;10;my wife comes from Canada, and she loved it.
2303;1;It all ends on a track called The Overload, which is more or less the same thing as Joy Division's closing track "I Know Nothing" from Unknown Pleasures: droning and heavy and quite oppressive...So overall it is quite bi-polar, but also very fun and every track is a good one.
2303;2;This, their most daring adventure, seemed to split the seams and initiate what Byrne eventually called "bad blood."
2303;3;Seen and Unseen, Listening Wind, and Houses in Motion are all slightly weaker than those five, but they're all pretty good: there's not a bad song here.
2303;4;This release is by far the best thing released by the Talking Heads!
2303;5;The next five songs are exceptional, however the focus shifts from dance to more of an art-rock.
2303;6;"Houses In Motion" is yet another funky cut with clever vocal arrangment and snapping percussion breaks.
2303;7;If this album still sounds interesting, take the trip with them... you shouldn't be disappointed.
2303;8;"Once In A Lifetime", familiar since it was a big early MTV hit and featured in ads for the 2000 film "The Family Man" is a danceable classic with brainy lyrics that again, sound nonesical yet have some eccentric meaning.
2303;9;The first half of Remain In Light is highly eccentric and upbeat dance music, sounding like some odd mutation of punk, African bush music, and funk.
2303;10;Perfect from beggining to end from the lesser known Born Under Punches to the big MTV hit Once In A Lifetime everyone loves this album.
2300;1;It also makes me very happy, I'm always in a good mood after hearing it.
2300;2;I feel kind of sad because I love you.
2300;3;Good vocals and good musicianship makes for a good combination.
2300;4;Win, really great sports song, and then my other lovely song,.
2300;5;read all my reviews people, cool...Whirligig, his music guide.
2300;6;I would like for you to come to my house to play with me...That could be so sweet.
2300;7;The music is signature rock n roll mostly about cars, women, goodtimes etc.
2300;8;A 22 page booklet with credits, musicians, and lyrics make it a satisfying experience.
2300;9;Anyway, a fun amazing cd to listen to.
2300;10;I love you more than anyone in the world...You're my girlfriend.
2301;1;Bringing back memories, good ones.
2301;2;But Alabama is superbly American, all red, white, and blue.
2301;3;Bringing back memories, good ones.
2301;4;If you love Alabama or want to sample this classic country band, this is a great CD to have.
2301;5;If you love Alabama or want to sample this classic country band, this is a great CD to have.
2301;6;Clean simple songs written from the heart and  sung to the soul of men and women everywhere.
2301;7;Very enjoyable to listen to while driving on long road trips through the mountains and across the desert.
2301;8;There is nothing Bad you can say about this CD it has great songs worth buying
2301;9;Each Alabama song features a great story and a catchy tune thats interesting, fun, and gets my toes tappin.
2301;10;If you love Alabama or want to sample this classic country band, this is a great CD to have.
2298;1;She had always been a good vocalist on her  first 2 albums, but here they're delivered with such emotion, sensuality  & depth that it's easy to get pulled into it.
2298;2;But she also cherishes each day that she gets, and hopes that each one will bring the least pain possible..."Ice Cream" finally gives you a break from all the sadness.
2298;3;"Possession" and "Good Enough" are among my favorite songs of all time.
2298;4;1993's Fumbling Towards Ecstasy from Canadian singer/songwriter Sarah McLachlan is my personal favorite album, so much so that I don't know how to put it into words in this review.
2298;5;"Wait" focuses on what seems to be the longing for a hopeful dream and the lack of "inherently given" love and happiness.
2298;6;The one thing I like about her, is that she's done every imaginable music genre successfully including disco and house.
2298;7;She journeys through a plethora of viewpoints that a female may travel throughout her lifetime conveying a sense of piercing assertiveness  and yet a ton of vulnerability.
2298;8;The lyrics on this album delve deeper into both positive and negative emotions, and are cryptic enough to have meaning on multiple levels.
2298;9;Light & fun to accompany the heavy stuff...11.
2298;10;She is with a very dear loved one (her best friend) near the end of his time.
2299;1;"Devil's Food" is really good too.
2299;2;Both of these songs are great fun, and Only Women Bleed has some great sad lyrics, and even though it is a little slow, it just hooks you.
2299;3;"Devil's Food" is really good too.
2299;4;Featuring a great percussion section and a minimal amount of guitar making it sound nothing like Alice.
2299;5;Featuring a great percussion section and a minimal amount of guitar making it sound nothing like Alice.
2299;6;Featuring a great percussion section and a minimal amount of guitar making it sound nothing like Alice.
2299;7;"Welcome To My Nightmare" is Cooper's statement that the asylum doors have opened and he's about to take you on a trip into his world.
2299;8;Both of these songs are great fun, and Only Women Bleed has some great sad lyrics, and even though it is a little slow, it just hooks you.
2299;9;What an album what a story.It takes you on a fun ride
2299;10;Love that one..."The Black Widow" is really cool again because of the lyrics, but also the memorable guitar tricks.
2296;1;Whenever I hear any of these songs on the radio, I can relax and enjoy all these sweet love ballads.
2296;2;depth, pain, and truth went into making this CD!
2296;3;Whenever I hear any of these songs on the radio, I can relax and enjoy all these sweet love ballads.
2296;4;Whenever I hear any of these songs on the radio, I can relax and enjoy all these sweet love ballads.
2296;5;I like that it is mellow enough for me to have it on to study but upbeat enough that it keeps me focused.
2296;6;He sings like a wounded Angel... Mr Blunt has been so successful in his home country (The UK) that he was recently headlined at the famous Glastonbury Festival, he deserves every success in his music career.
2296;7;Whenever I hear any of these songs on the radio, I can relax and enjoy all these sweet love ballads.
2296;8;Standout track in my opinion, and a UK no. 1 is `You're beautiful', a stunningly beautiful ballad sung in an emotion laden voice about a love that can never be.
2296;9;There are lighthearted tracks like Wisemen and So long Jimmy which are not as heavy as some of the other tracks on here, but the beats are addictive and just fun!
2296;10;Whenever I hear any of these songs on the radio, I can relax and enjoy all these sweet love ballads.
2297;1;Not a ground-breaking album, but a really good rock and roll record, and a fun listen!
2297;2;I feel bad for those people...The main thing that sticks out on this CD is that every song is Great!
2297;3;While not as good as their other albums, this is still a very good selection of songs.
2297;4;Songs From The Sparkle Lounge is a very solid recording from this legendary outfit, known to the world as Def Leppard.
2297;5;Thanks for taking the time to read...D.A.
2297;6;Songs From The Sparkle Lounge is a very solid recording from this legendary outfit, known to the world as Def Leppard.
2297;7;It's a great record to listen to when driving, or doing work.
2297;8;I feel bad for those people...The main thing that sticks out on this CD is that every song is Great!
2297;9;This album is so much fun and full of energy.
2297;10;I would have loved if they expanded on a couple of the songs and added some more parts.
2294;1;Appreciate this for what it is-a very good album without two people that didn't want to play nice being replaced by two guys that are happy and appreciative of being a part of a true legacy.
2294;2;Monster is as advertised a Monster of a CD not a bad track but the best on the CD is the Eric Singer sung "All For The Love Of Rock N Roll".
2294;3;KISS is better when then stick to what's good and what they know works!
2294;4;The energy from start to finish is unrivaled in Hard Rock circles today.
2294;5;I have read "KISS behind the mask"(which is an excellent book) and gives a lot of info about each album they made up to Psycho Circus.
2294;6;I love it..."Back to the Stone Age," is rocking fun, but IMO nothing to write home about, once you get over the cool new sound they've given everything they touch on this album.
2294;7;But it has all of the things that Classic albums have: great songs, catchy hooks, driving rhythms and easy accessibility.
2294;8;I am very satisfied with the lyrics, and Tommy and Eric truly give us their best.
2294;9;This album rocks and is a lot of fun to listen to!
2294;10;Buy it, you'll love it.
2295;1;He is fantastic as an Eagle and made some good stuff.during the time they were broke up.
2295;2;Don Henly, did do some great work, as the frontman, for the Eagles.
2295;3;This greatest hits, reminds me alot of good times in my childhood.
2295;4;Don Henly, did do some great work, as the frontman, for the Eagles.
2295;5;Don Henly, did do some great work, as the frontman, for the Eagles.
2295;6;But I do like the other songs from this album such as Dirty Laundry, Sunset Grill, Not enough love in the world,Taking you home,and of course Heart of the matter...Most of all Don Henley is still to be one of the most talented musical artists of the 80's.
2295;7;Highly sing-along, this disc is great for distance commutes & road trips.
2295;8;The songs are strong and they make their point with powerful and concise lyrics that always reach "the heart of the matter"...It IS indeed mainstream sounding music (a sound he helped create with the Eagles!)
2295;9;Esspecially the songs, "Boys of summers, and All she wants to do is dance".
2295;10;Love "New York Minute," "Dirty Laundry" and others.
2292;1;new and fast delivery.recommend this to everyone...much appreciate it and enjoy my music.thank u so much.keep good work up
2292;2;Every song on the CD is good, there are no bad songs.
2292;3;Every song on the CD is good, there are no bad songs.
2292;4;`My Songs Know What You Do In the Dark' (the longest title on the album) explodes with vitality and grit and a rough edge polished over with intensity and musical prowess.
2292;5;(Now... about the rating, this is a GREAT, EXCELLENT album, but I can't compete to get my message across if I rate it 5 stars ( which IT IS), so, I thought, If I wanted to be read by smart people (curious people on why anybody would rate this excellent album one star!
2292;6;`My Songs Know What You Do In the Dark' (the longest title on the album) explodes with vitality and grit and a rough edge polished over with intensity and musical prowess.
2292;7;`My Songs Know What You Do In the Dark' (the longest title on the album) explodes with vitality and grit and a rough edge polished over with intensity and musical prowess.
2292;8;I've been listening to Fall Out Boy for years now and they are known for catchy songs with great lyrics.
2292;9;These guys make such fun and energetic songs.
2292;10;LOVE LOVE LOVE this album!
2293;1;It may be a "Long Way To Happy" for her but I certainly hope the sucess of this album makes her feel good.
2293;2;Conversations With My 13 Year Old Self - A moving song about the child we used to be, and what it would be like to have a chance to go back and talk to that child
2293;3;There is also a hidden track, with Pink and her dad singing "I Have Seen The Rain", which is another good song.
2293;4;Pink manages to come off as intelligent while irreverent, confident yet self-depricating, sporting a major attitude and yet being completely grounded and possessing utter humility.
2293;5;"Long Way To Happy"- An amazingly emotional track that seems like she's reading the minds of many people in this world who are going through so much.
2293;6;But I will be checking out her "artistic" debut "M!ssundaztood" (her proper debut was "Can't Take Me Home").
2293;7;From start to finish, this is a stellar record, with songs to dance to, cry to, drive to, work out to, and reflect to....As expected, lyrically this is a very profound album.
2293;8;The raw emotion in this song truly makes it great, although the quality of the lyrics certainly helps as well.
2293;9;Fun, dramatic, intelligent, silly and poignant - those are just a few of the adjectives that describes Pink's fourth album, I'm Not Dead.
2293;10;I love Pink, I have other albums of hers and they are great, a couple songs here and there that I don't care for but nothing hindering me from listening to the songs over and over.
2290;1;These songs express a range of emotions and styles, they're alternately fun and light-hearted, and wistful and melancholy - all of it backed by strong instrumental work and a brass rhythm section.
2290;2;There is not a bad song on this album as it stands as a nearly perfect package of hits.
2290;3;This is definitely just a reissue, and not a "remaster," which is good news...I would opt to go with the "Group POrtrait" box set but for starters this is highly recommended.
2290;4;A much more pop oriented rock band with horn jams and guitar workouts dominating their style in the early days.
2290;5;is here and this album is blissfully free of the nauseating puss that followed.
2290;6;is here and this album is blissfully free of the nauseating puss that followed.
2290;7;These songs  are fun to listen to while in your car.
2290;8;These songs express a range of emotions and styles, they're alternately fun and light-hearted, and wistful and melancholy - all of it backed by strong instrumental work and a brass rhythm section.
2290;9;These songs express a range of emotions and styles, they're alternately fun and light-hearted, and wistful and melancholy - all of it backed by strong instrumental work and a brass rhythm section.
2290;10;The tune also has a laid-back flavor to it that shows just how warm, safe and good a true love can be.
2291;1;Raw emotion behind the music along with originality is far better.
2291;2;I can't understand why anyone would expect anything else,  she is grounded and routed in Revolution.
2291;3;its ludicrous to award new amerykah less than 4 stars...it has those raw bits that make baduism so good and genius production that make worldwide underground what it is.
2291;4;I can't understand why anyone would expect anything else,  she is grounded and routed in Revolution.
2291;5;"The Cell," I had to read the lyrics from the booklet.
2291;6;New Amerykah is a blast of clean
2291;7;There are moments on here to satisfy those base urges (try playing the first track with your car windows down--and hear how The Man's voice can grab everyone's ears), but it otherwise forces you to ride the train to hear everything being said.
2291;8;She laces her lyrics with Nation of Islam ethics, politics, and spirituality.
2291;9;I can't understand why anyone would expect anything else,  she is grounded and routed in Revolution.
2291;10;I love the track as a whole.
2288;1;The lesser known songs are also very good ("Bite The Bullet", "Dance", "Jailbait", etc) as Fast Eddie's solos are wild and intense and the rhythm section of Lemmy and Philthy Phil Taylor fire on all cylinders.
2288;2;I must say for a 3 member band these guys don't ever put out a bad album at all, Any album from these guys are totally worth getting if your a true metal head.
2288;3;I must say for a 3 member band these guys don't ever put out a bad album at all, Any album from these guys are totally worth getting if your a true metal head.
2288;4;Great to listen to in the gym!
2288;5;A classic metal album that cemented Motorhead's reputation, all fans of the genre should own this.
2288;6;A classic metal album that cemented Motorhead's reputation, all fans of the genre should own this.
2288;7;This is a balls up, testosterone driven, fun, witty album.
2288;8;I must say for a 3 member band these guys don't ever put out a bad album at all, Any album from these guys are totally worth getting if your a true metal head.
2288;9;Had a party, got obliterated, played this entire album at insane volume, aimed at the D-bag neighbors!
2288;10;All the songs are good, some are from the best Motorhead ever recorded like THE CHASE IS BETTER THAN THE CATCH, THE HAMMER and LOVE ME LIKE A REPTILE.
2289;1;Instead, expect fun, happy, and cheerful tunes that put you in a good mood.
2289;2;I enjoy playing the green, red, and blue versions of the same songs, one after the other just for the contrast and its just awesome.
2289;3;, I have to say that she definetly got me good!
2289;4;The RED CD is the reason why I like her so much, with witty lyrics, great rythim and her delicious vocals.
2289;5;has a great meaning, telling people that you shouldn't focus so much at trying to like perfect.
2289;6;I'm Jealous ~ From the name I thought it was going to be along the lines of "Honey, I'm Home," but it's more of a power ballad, and a great one at that.
2289;7;The upbeat and sassy "In My Car (I'll Be The Driver)" has a role reversal in which she doesn't mind whatever her man does, whether it's sleeping with his socks on or hurting her head with his favourite rock song-just let her drive the car.
2289;8;The RED CD is the reason why I like her so much, with witty lyrics, great rythim and her delicious vocals.
2289;9;(10/10) is another brilliant and fun song to party to.
2289;10;I am a huge music fan & love all genres of music so trust me, whether you're a rock, pop, country, ........
2287;1;This album has a lot of good songs.
2287;2;Even target of derision, Neil Young (because of his song "Southern Man"), loved it, and after all as Neil Young fan, Van Zandt, quipped, "I just felt he was taking down the whole flock just to nail a few bad ducks".
2287;3;This album has a lot of good songs.
2287;4;Go ahead and grab a serving!
2287;5;Go ahead and grab a serving!
2287;6;The album opens with the legendary 'Sweet Home Alabama' [sweet home alabama , where the skies are so blue]- a genius piece by Ronnie Van Zant.
2287;7;Go ahead and grab a serving!
2287;8;Even target of derision, Neil Young (because of his song "Southern Man"), loved it, and after all as Neil Young fan, Van Zandt, quipped, "I just felt he was taking down the whole flock just to nail a few bad ducks".
2287;9;Upbeat and sarcastic, "Don't Ask Me No Questions" is a very fun song, and Skynyrd's three guitarists show their mastery of guitar through their great riffs...Workin' For MCA- A good-humored hard rock song,  "Workin' For MCA" mixes Van Zandt's punkish vocals with Ed King's and Gary Rossington's funky licks to create an interesting song.
2287;10;"I Need You" is a passionate plea  for love and a slow burning rocker that sinks deep into your  heart.
2286;1;Blues, Blues, I like this CD from front to back, good slow blues
2286;2;That Joe is a great guitarist one of the world's best
2286;3;Blues, Blues, I like this CD from front to back, good slow blues
2286;4;That Joe is a great guitarist one of the world's best
2286;5;That Joe is a great guitarist one of the world's best
2286;6;Joe Bonamassa really burns the house down with this incredible collection of classic blues songs.
2286;7;Having watched the video prior, it was great to drive around listening to it now, particularly on my motorcycle.
2286;8;His string bending is superb the raw emotion he puts into these songs is palpable you can tell without a shadow of a doubt that this performance is as personal as a person can get.
2286;9;That Joe is a great guitarist one of the world's best
2286;10;I love Joe Bonamassa and I want this album as soon as it was available without having shop everywhere for it Amazon Prime is a great service I highly recommend it when looking for something that you can't find Amazon always pulls through.
2285;1;Every track is a classic,this album always sounds good and is fun to listen to.
2285;2;Yet another tear-jerk hungry yearning from Perry's throat, it landed you at the finale with a satisfying crush of empathy and blue guitar solo gently coming to rest.
2285;3;Even the most serious of us needs some catchy, feel-good rock'n'roll sometimes- and Journey were exceptionally good at making it.
2285;4;The album sports three billboard hits, "Don't Stop Believin'", "Open Arms", and "Who's Crying Now", but there's many other greats here as well, particularly "Stone in Love", "Lay It Down", and the emotional "Still They Ride".
2285;5;There are hundreds of reviews that focus on the hits from this CD but this is a complete work of art.
2285;6;Steve Perry's beautifully clean yet passionate tenor voice, dipping & soaring over an amazing 4-octave range revolutionized Journey's sound four years earlier on "Infinity".
2285;7;Even the most serious of us needs some catchy, feel-good rock'n'roll sometimes- and Journey were exceptionally good at making it.
2285;8;From the rockers "Don't Stop Believin" and "Stone In Love" to the ballad "Open Arms
2285;9;I bought this because I am one of those guys who remembers growing up snuggling on the dance floor with my favorite girl.
2285;10;Look- you gotta love these guys and this album in particular.
2284;1;Its fantastic he is as smooth as ever and so good I am travelling to New York from Australia to see Boz in concert in July.
2284;2;Listen with your heart and try not to over think the music, and Boz will map out a conclusive argument for his place as one of our greatest living soul singers...There is not one bad cut on the whole CD, too many great tunes to critique but one thing is certain, this will be one of the top releases of 2013.
2284;3;keep the music coming  got a good cutomer on this end  rock on boz
2284;4;the man 70's icon 2014 legend.
2284;5;the man 70's icon 2014 legend.
2284;6;Boz hits a home run covering some his fave R&B  and pop tunes.
2284;7;It's a nice CD to listen to while driving or to have in the background while at home.
2284;8;Listen with your heart and try not to over think the music, and Boz will map out a conclusive argument for his place as one of our greatest living soul singers...There is not one bad cut on the whole CD, too many great tunes to critique but one thing is certain, this will be one of the top releases of 2013.
2284;9;the man 70's icon 2014 legend.
2284;10;saw Boz at ACL theater in Austin Tx and he sang a couple of songs from this CD and bought it and loved it some of the old guys are still writing good music
2283;1;Madonna, with her added touches, turns his original track into a fantastic sunny delight reminiscent of that mid 90's euro sound mixed in with current french house and the result is a feel good, summer club anthem for 2012.
2283;2;My favorite right now is Love Spent but Falling Free is lovely & Masterpiece is moving & sad (I did not realize it is from her movie WE).
2283;3;In my opinion these songs are just as good, if not better than some on the album.
2283;4;Turn up the Radio is pure dance fun, a must to listen at the gym while working out.
2283;5;Gang Bang- The best, yet strangest song on the cd.
2283;6;Masterpiece took home the Golden Globe Award for "Best Song" from a movie (W.E.) and takes us back to ballad sounds that came from "Something to Remember" and "Ray of Light."
2283;7;Many of the lyrics are chanted as if by cheerleaders which in my world links it to the previous track...Next up is a group of excellent tracks characterized by strong, driving beats.
2283;8;We all hoped and prayed this day would come......Madonna is back with full dance force and fury... The songs are perfectly crafted gems, using the full range and emotions of her voice.
2283;9;Girl Gone Wild is sassy fun that makes you want to hit the dance floor and sweat till your are spent with exhaustion.
2283;10;She sings playfully about being madly in love with her new boyfriend.
2282;1;That's an artist's choice, a good one in my opinion and much of the reason why the casual radio listening public generally enjoyed the best known work of this period, "Lay Lady Lay", without any of the usual complaints about "that awful Dylan voice"...New Morning - 5 stars all the way.
2282;2;"Tangled Up In Blue" is far from a straight cry of pain, and is a jarring narrative that moves all over both time and space.
2282;3;But all in all - I think this is a great compilation of some really cool country/folk songs - I defintely recommend it to anyone who loves good music!
2282;4;2 - and what a great country song that is!!
2282;5;Ginsberg was famous for recording his life in great detail, and reading through his works you get a real sense of his life, his personality, and who he was as a person and what he stood for and was concerned with.
2282;6;A treat like candy for my later years and my going ears...the vinyl is so clean and full of emotion.
2282;7;A traveling hobo with a guitar and a tall tale.
2282;8;The crude recording of those tunes combined with the strong stories and lyrics make them quite powerful because they impregnate the emotion with a scent such that hits you strong to the heart.
2282;9;Many of these tracks are just Dylan and acoustic guitarist David Bromberg farting around and jamming, alternating between goofiness and sincerity, but palpably having fun with the music.
2282;10;But all in all - I think this is a great compilation of some really cool country/folk songs - I defintely recommend it to anyone who loves good music!
2281;1;He has a very uniquely deep singing voice which is nice to hear, and he can scream every bit as good as Jesse Leach.
2281;2;I don't see why metalcore gets a bad rap, it is clearly the pre-eminent and best style of metal at the moment, why do you think so many bands try to copy this sound?
2281;3;He has a very uniquely deep singing voice which is nice to hear, and he can scream every bit as good as Jesse Leach.
2281;4;He has a very uniquely deep singing voice which is nice to hear, and he can scream every bit as good as Jesse Leach.
2281;5;It is also the record that focuses on love.
2281;6;The riffs (courtesy of guitarist/producer Adam Dutkiewicz) are scorching, the vocals are clean and powerful, and the band plays with skill that other bands that have been around longer can't match.
2281;7;The production on this album is very clear and I'd say commercially driven (which of course is fine).
2281;8;The chorus is great, and the lyrics are so charged with emotion that any person who has ever lost anybody can easily relate.
2281;9;It's endlessly fun and fabulous to listen to.
2281;10;I love this digipack, the live versions of Life to Lifeless, Fixation on Darkness and My Last Seranade are incredible.
2280;1;I don't have the remastered or expanded edition of this cd, I just have the original with 10 very good blues rock songs and that's all I need !
2280;2;Slow and mood altering, this beauty highlights Stevie's guitar talents in an entirely different way while it changes the listener's atmosphere to tranquility in aqua blue...I always say that the best SRV is live SRV.
2280;3;I don't have the remastered or expanded edition of this cd, I just have the original with 10 very good blues rock songs and that's all I need !
2280;4;This is the last SRV studio album before his untimely death in 1990, and its one of the very best he ever made...As you would expect there is some searing guitar playing on this album as well some of Stevie's best songs.
2280;5;This album is probably one of the top 50 albums ever released and I highly recommend it to all who read this
2280;6;The 1950s rock and boogie anthem The House Is Rockin' is a lot of fun and it rocks, too...When the house is a rockin' don't bother knockin'.
2280;7;This is the last SRV studio album before his untimely death in 1990, and its one of the very best he ever made...As you would expect there is some searing guitar playing on this album as well some of Stevie's best songs.
2280;8;Stevie had overcome his demons shortly before producing this final masterpiece and the raw emotion of his life's journeys pour out of these songs.
2280;9;The songs are upbeat and make you want to dance with the newfound joy of the artist.
2280;10;It features more rock and funky soul music than straight up blues, and that's OK with me even though I love the blues.
2279;1;Celine sings these songs with her usual power and emotion, so that anyone can enjoy them.
2279;2;There's nothing bad to say about Celine, because she's got the voice of an angel.
2279;3;The songs on this album are very good and well performed, and this CD contains well over an hour's worth of Christmas music.
2279;4;I love everything Celine Dion has done and she's had many popular hit songs.
2279;5;I love everything Celine Dion has done and she's had many popular hit songs.
2279;6;A favorite in our home.
2279;7;I love everything Celine Dion has done and she's had many popular hit songs.
2279;8;There's nothing bad to say about Celine, because she's got the voice of an angel.
2279;9;This music is a MUST to keep on your recorder and enjoy during and throughout the Christmas Holidays - one I keep on my Bose for parties and just enjoyable listening - it's one of the happiest and best of all Christmas music!
2279;10;I love everything Celine Dion has done and she's had many popular hit songs.
2278;1;If this is their last album (which it unfortunately may be), it's a good one to go out on.
2278;2;The CD is a brilliant mix of the joy and pain of love.
2278;3;Always  good to listen and relax and dream and get mushy in a country-craft way.
2278;4;This album also sees the inclusion of two covers, "Tell Mama" by Etta James and "Disarm" by Smashing Pumpkins.
2278;5;This album also sees the inclusion of two covers, "Tell Mama" by Etta James and "Disarm" by Smashing Pumpkins.
2278;6;This album also sees the inclusion of two covers, "Tell Mama" by Etta James and "Disarm" by Smashing Pumpkins.
2278;7;The musicians are excellent and this CD gets played over and over in my car.
2278;8;I love the lyrics, love the emotion, love the vocal harmonies, the chorus is an immaculate conception, even more so than the previous song.
2278;9;This album also sees the inclusion of two covers, "Tell Mama" by Etta James and "Disarm" by Smashing Pumpkins.
2278;10;I especially love Joy's emotive voice.
2277;1;He plays and sounds fantastic, and will leave you wanting more from him.
2277;2;wonderful end to a fantastic career,glen campbell creates a beautiful closing from the start of this cd to the end,its a bit sad a some points but most farewells are his voice is still soothing and at the end you almost get a feeling of happiness .
2277;3;A better place awaits, you'll see"...The opening track on "Ghost on the Canvas" of "A Better Place", paints a picture of a man who has seen many good and bad times throughout his life.
2277;4;What I heard was a great album from beginning to end- not a weak track in the bunch.
2277;5;I had read about this album being released and downloaded it the first day it became available.
2277;6;This comes with a free Digital download anyway so you still get a clean sounding version as well.
2277;7;I've played the song "In My Arms" over and over as I love the 60's surf sound it has and it's a fun song that I can picture these performers all together having a great time
2277;8;wonderful end to a fantastic career,glen campbell creates a beautiful closing from the start of this cd to the end,its a bit sad a some points but most farewells are his voice is still soothing and at the end you almost get a feeling of happiness .
2277;9;I've played the song "In My Arms" over and over as I love the 60's surf sound it has and it's a fun song that I can picture these performers all together having a great time
2277;10;Even my girlfriend, who was not around in his heyday was bopping, and loving it.
2276;1;The songs are sung with deep emotions, and the harmonies are untouchable these men can sing and I would recommend this cd to any pop fan that enjoys good vocals.
2276;2;(see also Backstreets Back,Black And Blue and Backstreet Boys both are worth a listen
2276;3;This is a realy great CD, it has the most amazing songs on it, there all good but the best of the best include "the one", "i want it that way" and "show me the meaning of been lonely"  This is not just for teenage girls, you know how much i like it, and my dad likes it more than me!
2276;4;It's a great dance song, also to the fans.
2276;5;It's a great dance song, also to the fans.
2276;6;It brings a tear to the eye of someone that has lost a loved one, or has just had a tough breakup--one of the most beautiful songs on the album, with violins bringing the boy's voices home, this is a definite pleaser.
2276;7;Love the music,more at for traveling
2276;8;Be proud you  picked a quality piece of music that features wonderful orchestration,  depth and range of style and emotion, fun and well thought out lyrics, and  great vocal harmonics.
2276;9;It's just really got a great beat and it's fun to dance and sing to!
2276;10;It has upbeat dance songs, along with sweet, romantic loves songs.
2275;1;Tucked in the couch, I am reading a good spy novel.
2275;2;Band member Stuart's son Clay pitches in on background vocals and sounds wonderful...Long Hard Road sounds sad yet hopeful.
2275;3;Tucked in the couch, I am reading a good spy novel.
2275;4;Her voice is as smooth as ever and the band is always on their game.
2275;5;Tucked in the couch, I am reading a good spy novel.
2275;6;Christmas break of 1998, second floor living-room of a New Jersey Victorian house, visiting friends
2275;7;Beautiful guitars, weeping cello, and a longing and heartfelt delivery in those famous dusky tones..."Be that easy" is a delicate organ-driven Country-tinged ballad with whistled coda, while "Bring me home" with clipped beats and haunting harmonies also recalls (like the title track) Trip Hop by acts like Tricky or Portishead.
2275;8;Band member Stuart's son Clay pitches in on background vocals and sounds wonderful...Long Hard Road sounds sad yet hopeful.
2275;9;The music is perfect to slow dance to with it's waltz meets doo wop instrumentation.
2275;10;Sade's love is certainly king.
2274;1;This is my favorite U2 album, but I also enjoy Joshua Tree, October and Boy.
2274;2;There's not a bad cut on this album and I highly recommended it to all U2 fans.
2274;3;All of U2's albums are good.
2274;4;It contains a lovely piano and strong Edge solo.
2274;5;These are cohesive, memorable songs as focused as "October's" were oblique.
2274;6;It contains a lovely piano and strong Edge solo.
2274;7;"Refugee" finds Larry Mullin providing a pounding drum beat to a fierce Bono vocals and Adam Clayton bass gives "Two Hearts Beat As One" it's driving backbone.
2274;8;I like the new U2  as well but this CD is definitely from a different time the sounds are much  more laid back but the album is filled with emotion and meaning.
2274;9;But for sheer fun & quality it definitely deserves its place along one of U2's greatest achievements.
2274;10;"War" features one outstanding tune after another: the highly  melodious "Like a Song," the beautiful and touching  "Drowning Man," the beat-heavy and jungle-esque  "Refugee," and the romantic likes of "Two Hearts Beat as  One" and "Red Light."
2273;1;It puts people in a very good mood and we usually end-up reminiscing.
2273;2;Journey at their brilliant best.
2273;3;It puts people in a very good mood and we usually end-up reminiscing.
2273;4;Journey at their brilliant best.
2273;5;I read other comments about his special voice and it is true what everyone says.
2273;6;i am in a nursing home now and it is great to hear tunes from back in the day.
2273;7;So glad I did because I really like the songs on the second disk and now I have an extra one for the car.
2273;8;Journey at their brilliant best.
2273;9;Journey at their brilliant best.
2273;10;I really love this Cd thank you amazon and I really liked the price too.
2272;1;Sad, because they were really good, arguably the best band in the punk revival.
2272;2;"Bad Habit" is essential Offspring, an ode to road-rage with some blatantly raw and hilarious lyrics ("You get on my a--/your foot's on the gas/and your next breath is your last...").
2272;3;Time to Relax: Good intro.
2272;4;I remember everything was so right on, every one was ok with the music.
2272;5;All the pussy punk on the radio these days owes its success to two albums: Smash, and Dookie, the immortal Green Day album...I read once that Smash is the best-selling independent album of all time.
2272;6;I remember everything was so right on, every one was ok with the music.
2272;7;I remember everything was so right on, every one was ok with the music.
2272;8;"Bad Habit" is essential Offspring, an ode to road-rage with some blatantly raw and hilarious lyrics ("You get on my a--/your foot's on the gas/and your next breath is your last...").
2272;9;As opposed to the grunge that was still dominating rock back then, this album was downright catchy and fun to listen to.
2272;10;Along with the many other millions of people who bought this album, I love it.
2065;1;My overall favorite song in this greatest hits collection definitely had to be "Happy Girl" because it serves as an upbeat reminder to find anything to be joyful about regardless of external circumstances, allow your emotions to come out in a healthful manner, and to always strive to find the essence of happiness from within yourself.
2065;2;This album is full of her greatest hits and there isn't a bad one in the bunch.
2065;3;"Wild Angels" is a beautiful song about being watched over with the results of good luck.
2065;4;I recommend it for anyone who likes good country music, good voice, good sing-along-with-some-meaning words, and just fun music to accompany anything from a car-ride, a workout, or scrubbing the kitchen floor.
2065;5;Twenty years into her career, she severed ties with the long time label and management that brought her superstar status and with which she has garnered multiple awards and 24 Top 10 singles...In many ways, she is a study in contradiction.
2065;6;Great songs sung by a beauty who is scandal-free and a clean role model for our youth.
2065;7;"When God-Fearing Women Get The Blues" is just a flat-out good time song with a driving beat and a sense of whimsy.
2065;8;The song that stands out the most is INDEPENDENCE DAY.such a sad song but beautiful lyrics and it really does touch your heart.
2065;9;I recommend it for anyone who likes good country music, good voice, good sing-along-with-some-meaning words, and just fun music to accompany anything from a car-ride, a workout, or scrubbing the kitchen floor.
2065;10;"Valentine" is a gorgeous song about enduring love.
2064;1;....good memories, and enjoyed the music.....!!
2064;2;Being an old Texas boy we all loved Buddy back in the day.
2064;3;....good memories, and enjoyed the music.....!!
2064;4;Being an old Texas boy we all loved Buddy back in the day.
2064;5;Being an old Texas boy we all loved Buddy back in the day.
2064;6;A touring company came to my home town with a great production of the brief 18 months of Buddy Holly's music.
2064;7;The songs are great to listen and fun to sing with, especially in the car alone on a long drive!
2064;8;Being an old Texas boy we all loved Buddy back in the day.
2064;9;The songs are great to listen and fun to sing with, especially in the car alone on a long drive!
2064;10;I can see that he was certainly a unique performer, a pioneer really, an important influence in what became 60's "rock"...This is obvious when you look at the well-known artists who covered the very melodic material from his brief period of stardom: The Beatles, with their flawless version of "Words Of Love"
2067;1;The CD Car Wheels on a Gravel Road contents of rather good music numbers, many of the numbers are exceptionel good.
2067;2;Otherwise, she's just sad and lonely, recovering from her own little love hangover...Recollecting the joys of her recent, truncated past, "Right in Time" jump starts a truly consistent and heartfelt outing.
2067;3;The CD Car Wheels on a Gravel Road contents of rather good music numbers, many of the numbers are exceptionel good.
2067;4;The guitars dueled to incredible intensity, the songs were simply brilliant, and I was completely enamored by the singer in jeans and cowboy hat.
2067;5;Way ahead of it's time in creativity and originality...P.S. I've read a lot of people comparing Lucinda Williams with Patty Griffin.
2067;6;If you have anything approaching a high-end system in your home or car, this is an easy call.
2067;7;Yes, Disc One of this edition contains the original material from "Car Wheels," but, in my opinion, the songs sound MUCH, MUCH better -  crisper, clearer, with greater definition.
2067;8;She's a phenomenal songwriter, able to craft deeply personal lyrics that have universal value, and has a voice to rival Bono's in its uniqueness.
2067;9;This opens into a full on wail for the most fun Williams has on the cd and possibly ever, the falling in love tune "I Lost It," which finds her teasing a love interest with "I think I lost it/let me know if you come across it."
2067;10;Lucinda Williams was performing the most magical show I had seen in more than a decade...I went from zero to all of her stuff within a couple of days and caught a few more shows up through Essence.
2066;1;In the end if she's happy than I'm happy.
2066;2;cher really lets us in to her soul in this ventureshe really tells us about her life and her lovesher pain comes throughbut also you hear how strong but soft and loving she isshe has had a tumultuous  and has survived but it has made her  stronger !!!
2066;3;Some of the songs are really good workout music.
2066;4;"Hold you hand in mine, we'll swim against the tide, from the sound of sirens, love will survive".
2066;5;Cher's vocals on this CD are brilliant.
2066;6;I love to put her CD's on when working around the house.
2066;7;I played it in the car with a friend.
2066;8;Her voice sounds great and her lyrics are empowering and uplifting and some are heartbreaking.
2066;9;Cher gives us a fantastic and fresh album full of dance beats and includes some disco-influenced EDM tracks that take you back and if thats not enough, Cher throws in some of her best ballad wizardry in years...My personal favorite track on the album is the beautiful ballad, originally performed by Nell Bryden, "Sirens," - Cher does an incredible job vocally and theres a softness and delicacy in her delivery of this song that I've never heard before from her.
2066;10;She covers the dance floor/gym as well as the sweeping power ballads....it's perfect.....I love her...I actually have the vinyl of this and although it misses a couple bonus tracks....the sound quality is superb.
2069;1;I enjoy listening to The Mule or Floyd equally as well.
2069;2;The reason I found it surprisingly great is that I don't like Pink Floyd.
2069;3;very good if listened to as intended
2069;4;The reason I found it surprisingly great is that I don't like Pink Floyd.
2069;5;The reason I found it surprisingly great is that I don't like Pink Floyd.
2069;6;The reason I found it surprisingly great is that I don't like Pink Floyd.
2069;7;The reason I found it surprisingly great is that I don't like Pink Floyd.
2069;8;The reason I found it surprisingly great is that I don't like Pink Floyd.
2069;9;The reason I found it surprisingly great is that I don't like Pink Floyd.
2069;10;I do like Gov't Mule, though so I gave this a listen and loved it so much I bought it.
2068;1;What a catchy, fantastic song that one is live...to this day I still love how he yells at the end of the song, "Katmandu....Good night everybody!"
2068;2;There is not one bad song on this entire album - it so rocks!!!
2068;3;And when he finally leaves the stage for good, the announcer, (clearly loaded on something by then), comes back on and says good-night to the crowd, and says,'...and get high and have a good time!"
2068;4;Mr. Seger really shines when the band cranks up the energy on such workouts like "Ramblin' Gamblin' Man", "Katmandu", "Get Out Of Denver", "Let It Rock" and "Heavy Music".
2068;5;Secondly, the recording quality is excellent
2068;6;Seger, a Dearborn, Michigan native, is right at home, and that just adds to the warmth and enthusiasm on Live Bullet...Tina Turner's Nutbush City Limits starts things off with a funky rock beat.
2068;7;It's a big chunk of on-stage fury, with the kind of immediacy and raw drive that makes rock so gosh darned good.
2068;8;There is not one bad song on this entire album - it so rocks!!!
2068;9;Seger is so fun to listen to .
2068;10;First of all, I guess, is that it's Bob Seger, and I love his music, which is a fine example of roots-based blues rock.
2071;1;Although not extensive, this is still a good compilation of BTO.
2071;2;All the great hits (Blue Collar is so amazing) plus some very impressive stuff I don't remember hearing before.
2071;3;Although not extensive, this is still a good compilation of BTO.
2071;4;Guess Who members formed BTO and this album sure does chronicle an important sound of the '60's-70's.
2071;5;Guess Who members formed BTO and this album sure does chronicle an important sound of the '60's-70's.
2071;6;Let's face it, there may be some kind of imprinting that happens when you listen to music during your teen years that makes it a part of your soul, and when you hear it you feel at home...IMO no reason not award 5 stars.
2071;7;The driving lead guitar and powerful bass line are distinctive.
2071;8;I love it..."Take It Like a Man" makes fine use of guitars, drums and piano to make some excellent music that goes flawlessly with the lyrics to the song
2071;9;One of the best dance party C.D.'S of all time
2071;10;I love it..."Take It Like a Man" makes fine use of guitars, drums and piano to make some excellent music that goes flawlessly with the lyrics to the song
2070;1;This is a good start to get to Know Luther Vandross and his So Very Amazing Voice and Music.
2070;2;It is a bittersweet tune about the pain of breaking up with someone.
2070;3;This is a good start to get to Know Luther Vandross and his So Very Amazing Voice and Music.
2070;4;Because, I wanted a sample of his Greatest Hits.
2070;5;Because, I wanted a sample of his Greatest Hits.
2070;6;A Home is Not A Home is a classic about how a home can be a strong symbol of love even when a couple is apart from each other.
2070;7;The best listening music for a long drive.
2070;8;Luther has always been a staple, you can be sad, happy ,in love, or falling out of love and Luther will hit that spot.
2070;9;Give Me The Reason is another one of my favorite dance jams.
2070;10;A Home is Not A Home is a classic about how a home can be a strong symbol of love even when a couple is apart from each other.
2073;1;they were pretty good, and i remembered hearing "once in a lifetime" sometime before.
2073;2;Another highlight is the cinematic Once In A Lifetime with its multi-layered rhythms and gripping vocals...Burning Down The House, And She Was and Road To Nowhere were huge hits, the last being very much like a flowing country ballad.
2073;3;they were pretty good, and i remembered hearing "once in a lifetime" sometime before.
2073;4;Another highlight is the cinematic Once In A Lifetime with its multi-layered rhythms and gripping vocals...Burning Down The House, And She Was and Road To Nowhere were huge hits, the last being very much like a flowing country ballad.
2073;5;Another highlight is the cinematic Once In A Lifetime with its multi-layered rhythms and gripping vocals...Burning Down The House, And She Was and Road To Nowhere were huge hits, the last being very much like a flowing country ballad.
2073;6;The sound on these 18 tracks is superb, clean and crystal clear.
2073;7;Overall, this album is a great conversion tool to pop in while driving with a friend, which is exactly what it is for.
2073;8;David Byrne did write some timeless music, complicated lyrics, even if it took me a couple minutes to slip back into the '80s.
2073;9;"Life During Wartime" represents them at their progressive best, but "And She Was" showcases their ethereal best...In sum, 'Best of Talking Heads' provides a great mix and a thoughtful sampler without spoiling all of the fun.
2073;10;I love Talking Heads and Amazon has the best price going for this Cd.
2072;1;It is a very good CD and I enjoy it very much.
2072;2;It's a real place, a real mountain, called Salvation Mountain.
2072;3;It's so good I'm actually surprised it hasn't been allowed to cross over to regular radio.
2072;4;It's a real place, a real mountain, called Salvation Mountain.
2072;5;It's a real place, a real mountain, called Salvation Mountain.
2072;6;It's a real place, a real mountain, called Salvation Mountain.
2072;7;It's a real place, a real mountain, called Salvation Mountain.
2072;8;Third Day does this with great music and lyrics.
2072;9;It's a real place, a real mountain, called Salvation Mountain.
2072;10;But I LOVE that Third Day has kept this to a minimum.
2075;1;These are well crafted, original and thought-provoking pieces of music designed not only to be enjoyed, but to also stimulate the thoughts and emotions.
2075;2;Not bad, but it could have been a lot better than this...  This album is truly amazing, and it definitely informs us that Bjork has a lot of talent and creativity.
2075;3;Check it out and help a good cause.
2075;4;I also think that "Post" is a bit more diverse than her other albums after "Post".
2075;5;She is also very spiritual and likes to read and write.
2075;6;I also think that "Post" is a bit more diverse than her other albums after "Post".
2075;7;"I Miss You" is a great song to jog, dance, or drive to.
2075;8;But no matter the subject of the lyrics, it is Bjork's delivery that  really sells the emotion, and what ultimately affects me.
2075;9;Every song on this album is a true work of art, drawing up every emotion possible...The fun "It's Oh So Quiet" and "I Miss You" to angry "Army of Me" and "Enjoy".
2075;10;I absolutely love the big band sound of "It's Oh So Quiet".
2074;1;As with the VELVET UNDERGROUND AND NICO BD disc, which I also enjoyed, there are three different HD listening options
2074;2;All these sets expand and do justice to their legacy, No matter what path you chose, if you're a VELVETS fan you won't be disappointed......
2074;3;In line with the previous Anniversary reissue of VU and Nico, this package is almost as good.
2074;4;All these sets expand and do justice to their legacy, No matter what path you chose, if you're a VELVETS fan you won't be disappointed......
2074;5;Most of the comments I've read about the Velvets on this site are surprisingly smart and well done, so check 'em out, particularly with reference to this album of the Velvet's, but I wanted to add a few things...When I first listened to this record about 16 years ago (at the age of 16) it freaked me out and I put it aside in favor of Loaded and ESPECIALLY the s/t record (their best, by far).
2074;6;All these sets expand and do justice to their legacy, No matter what path you chose, if you're a VELVETS fan you won't be disappointed......
2074;7;This 17 minute trip is the best song on the album and possibly of the John Cale era of the velvets...Pure sonic terror with distorted instruments and poetic lyrics sounds the doors huh?
2074;8;Furthermore, the lyrics sound a bit easier to make out now, so there's a small but appreciable leap in definition there, as well.
2074;9;It's not a perfect record, not sure it's even a "masterpiece", but it's remarkably f#&@%^%G cool and it's fun to get lost in.
2074;10;THE VELVET UNDERGROUND is a band that's loved by some, reviled by others, some think they are genius, others think they're degenerate, some when first hearing them fall in love, others run screaming, but no wonder what YOU think, there's no doubt about their influence and legacy.
2077;1;Song Sixteen is a great, fun and romantic Italian song called (16.)
2077;2;I love everything he sings, makes my heart just a little lighter!
2077;3;My 81 year old mother loves his music (Iike me) and it relaxes her and gives her peace.
2077;4;I love everything he sings, makes my heart just a little lighter!
2077;5;I love everything he sings, makes my heart just a little lighter!
2077;6;Wonderful to have all this great music in your own home.
2077;7;having the DVD along with a CD for the car or home if you just want the music is very convenient and a great value.
2077;8;I love everything he sings, makes my heart just a little lighter!
2077;9;Song Sixteen is a great, fun and romantic Italian song called (16.)
2077;10;For those of us who are opera fans and also love romantic music, Andrea Bocelli's musical ablum is a must.
2076;1;Right off the bat I thought it was a pretty good record, but I didn't hear any of the raw and edgy tracks that made me fall in love with U2's first few albums.
2076;2;Honestly, I bought this album almost reluctantly after all the negative press, but I'm very, very impressed with this effort.
2076;3;Right off the bat I thought it was a pretty good record, but I didn't hear any of the raw and edgy tracks that made me fall in love with U2's first few albums.
2076;4;"Iris" is touching song that is named after Bono's mother, who died suddenly when Bono was 14 at his grandfather's funeral.
2076;5;Now, with that out of the way let's focus on what matters: the music...After a month of listening to Songs of Innocence, I can truly say it is one of the Irish lads' most consistent and compelling albums.
2076;6;"Iris" is touching song that is named after Bono's mother, who died suddenly when Bono was 14 at his grandfather's funeral.
2076;7;U2 is a passionate band open to evolution and experimentation which is the key that drives their creativity.
2076;8;The songs and the lyrics really shine through in the acoustic versions and Bono gets a chance to show off that he can tone it down and bring a vast amount of emotion to the tracks without the big, soaring vocals we get with the full band versions of the songs.
2076;9;"Iris" is touching song that is named after Bono's mother, who died suddenly when Bono was 14 at his grandfather's funeral.
2076;10;Right off the bat I thought it was a pretty good record, but I didn't hear any of the raw and edgy tracks that made me fall in love with U2's first few albums.
2079;1;But if you enjoy a good, healthy melancholy every now and again, this is great music to support that...On the other hand, I recently listened to it in a good mood, and it gave me a lovely feeling of detachment from the cares and sorrows of the world.
2079;2;Although it seems to proclaim 'Hours' as an album of 'the blues', it is a rarefied, turquoise blue: exquisite, arch even.
2079;3;I can say of a lot of albums that they don't contain a bad track, but 'In the Wee Small Hours' is one of a very select group of albums in which every track is a stand-alone masterpiece and yet an integrated part of the whole.
2079;4;But it is about as much as a popular voice can accomplish with a ballad in terms of phrasing, emotional commitment and honesty.
2079;5;I actually read them all, and still, the listening experience was better than anything I had expected.
2079;6;Every night after the gig I would come home, put on the headphones, and revel in it's beauty.
2079;7;But it is about as much as a popular voice can accomplish with a ballad in terms of phrasing, emotional commitment and honesty.
2079;8;I can say of a lot of albums that they don't contain a bad track, but 'In the Wee Small Hours' is one of a very select group of albums in which every track is a stand-alone masterpiece and yet an integrated part of the whole.
2079;9;With such lovely, meaningful songs as "In The Wee Small Hours Of The Morning," "I Get Along Without You Very Well," "When Your Lover Has Gone," "What Is This Thing Called Love," "Dancing On The Ceiling," and the concluding "This Love Of Mine" (for which Sinatra received a rare co-writing credit), and rendered by Sinatra with all the emotion he can muster, your heart just aches for the guy.
2079;10;I love this album profoundly because it is sincere and beautiful.
2078;1;If you enjoyed Believe's catchy dance songs then you will enjoy her Living Proof pro-club songs.
2078;2;She doesn't look bad at all on the cover either!
2078;3;She hits some good, long notes here.
2078;4;This was the lead single from the album in the UK, and hit #8...RAIN, RAIN.
2078;5;This was the lead single from the album in the UK, and hit #8...RAIN, RAIN.
2078;6;Living Proof is the greatest album of Cher's career...which is tough to say about a diva with albums such as "Believe", "It's a Mans World", "Cher", "Heart of Stone", "Take Me Home", and "Half Breed".
2078;7;This CD is a great dance album as well as a great driving album.
2078;8;Very upbeat and lively, with meaningful lyrics.
2078;9;It's the best dance CD ever produced...Cher has said "People have been listening to myvoice for like a hundred years"..."why cant i have fun with it?"
2078;10;I love the spanish guitar used in this song!
2048;1;I didn't enjoy the live second disc as much although I thought "Crossroads" was fantastic and worth the purchase of the whole set alone...This album is required listening for all aspiring rock guitarists and together with "Disraeli Gears" surely ranks among the top 25 all-time great classic albums of all time and this DCC Gold release for the sound quality alone makes this an easy review...Highly recommended!
2048;2;Born Under a Bad Sign is one of the three superb covers, and Deserted Cities of the Heart is a very good tune with a great title...The second disc is made up of four live cuts, the first and best being classic Crossroads.
2048;3;Born Under a Bad Sign is one of the three superb covers, and Deserted Cities of the Heart is a very good tune with a great title...The second disc is made up of four live cuts, the first and best being classic Crossroads.
2048;4;White Room is deserving of its classic (with a really good, intricate drum workout by Ginger Baker), and As You Said is another gentle, charming song.
2048;5;In other words, both songs appeal on a childish level...listening to a soothing bedtime story read by someone with a soothing voice.
2048;6;They are essential, bluesy rock classics...I feel totally at home when I hear this stuff - I always listen to this many times when on a road trip: can't imagine travel without it...You know, I haven't even mentioned Train Time - blow that harmonica, son!
2048;7;They are essential, bluesy rock classics...I feel totally at home when I hear this stuff - I always listen to this many times when on a road trip: can't imagine travel without it...You know, I haven't even mentioned Train Time - blow that harmonica, son!
2048;8;The brass in this song is pretty, and some of the sounds/instruments are intriguing...perhaps the flute is included, and there is a certain mediaeval qquality to the sound, though the track does have a light rock accompaniment...Those were the days - has fantasy lyrics, a theme that Led Zeppelin would mine in its later works.
2048;9;The lyrics are fun...a blues song which gently mocks the genre.
2048;10;Jack Bruce gives a taste of his considerable talents as a multi-faceted musician: string instruments, bass, keyboards as well as a couple other instruments show how remarkable he is.
2049;1;There have been two other greatest hits packages and this one proably does a good job of complimenting both of those earlier releases.
2049;2;When you look at the tracks here with a few exceptions, you realize that Wings was a great group and proved there was life after the Beatles.
2049;3;Most apparently, Paul can deliver a great rock and roll song--in his sleep.
2049;4;When you look at the tracks here with a few exceptions, you realize that Wings was a great group and proved there was life after the Beatles.
2049;5;When you look at the tracks here with a few exceptions, you realize that Wings was a great group and proved there was life after the Beatles.
2049;6;As with most of Paul's albums there is plenty here for everyone, he is at home in all styles of music.
2049;7;As far as the songs go, what strikes me now in addition to the great melodies and driving beats, is the sincerity that underlies them.
2049;8;Even when his lyrics are pure nonsense, as in the brilliant but indecipherable C Moon, they are delivered with a full heart.
2049;9;It's fun and revealing to listen to music like this again.
2049;10;Thank you so much Tony (Anthony) for I too wear outta date clothes and consider Paul and Linda McCartney to be one of the twentieth century's greatest love stories as well as that other couple...from around the same time.
2050;1;I am not a fan of bluegrass per se but when it's this good it is easy to get caught.
2050;2;Love this type of music.
2050;3;I am not a fan of bluegrass per se but when it's this good it is easy to get caught.
2050;4;Love this type of music.
2050;5;She has included a wide variety of music and musicians who focus on the total sound.
2050;6;Love this type of music.
2050;7;Great music for driving across the plains!
2050;8;I'm really enjoying the songs-- which are a great mix of songs with lyrics and great bluegrass instrumentals.
2050;9;What A Fun & Awesome CD Alison Krauss & Her Band Members Have Created.
2050;10;Love this type of music.
2051;1;I was happy with a good medium.
2051;2;In a music industry filled with rap(not saying rap is bad(in fact i like it)just theres a lot of it), and pop singers like mariah carey(ok this is bad) and whatnot this is a much needed breath of fresh music.
2051;3;The track to download is also good.
2051;4;I listened to it once and liked it.
2051;5;Here there is more style and focus- and the songs morphing from one thing to another really shows blur"s albarn is a crafty and skilled arranger.
2051;6;Dan Nakamura did a great job on the first album and Danger Mouse does too...Of all the artists that guest star on this album my favorite collaboration has to be the track DARE which features Happy Monday's crazy lead singer Shaun Ryder, this track can sure get a dance party going with its beats and house music feel...All in all, a great album.
2051;7;Danger Mouse was the perfect producer for this trip hop driven album.
2051;8;In a music industry filled with rap(not saying rap is bad(in fact i like it)just theres a lot of it), and pop singers like mariah carey(ok this is bad) and whatnot this is a much needed breath of fresh music.
2051;9;"DARE" is just a blast, with the two vocal parts coming together well to create a fun dance song.
2051;10;Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend and she loves it.
2052;1;It was a good movie and now I can enjoy the music where ever I go.
2052;2;The soundtrack mixed in with new songs and  classics are amazing!
2052;3;This CD is a definitely good for a significant other.
2052;4;The soundtrack mixed in with new songs and  classics are amazing!
2052;5;The soundtrack mixed in with new songs and  classics are amazing!
2052;6;The soundtrack mixed in with new songs and  classics are amazing!
2052;7;Well, I adore music, lived in 5 countries, speak 3 lingos and used to do choregraphy 5 times a week for about 9 years and...as much as I love French songs, Italian opera and Hispanic Rumba, Dirty Dancing is a classic of gold quality too: American romance, and a beat to listen that is great from training to dancing even for driving!
2052;8;The soundtrack mixed in with new songs and  classics are amazing!
2052;9;Dirty Dancing brings back many good memories.
2052;10;If you are a bit younger there are great tracks that let the 80's shine through...I love to revisit the songs here from time to time and my daughter, now 9, has enjoyed them for the past couple of years as well.
2053;1;A really good early Dylan sampling.
2053;2;The pain that he allows into the songs, not yet there on the preceding two albums, adds a depth, complexity and humanity to the material that brings it to a dizzying peak.
2053;3;A really good early Dylan sampling.
2053;4;If you love Dylans songs as they evolve- you will love this!
2053;5;Its fun to see all these pictures, especially the pictures of lyrics sheets with handwritten changes and newspaper articles from the time period that are clear enough to read the text of the articles.
2053;6;If you love Dylans songs as they evolve- you will love this!
2053;7;Its a fascinating journey...So we have an arrangement of Mr. Tambourine Man including percussion that grinds to a halt as Dylan declares, The drums are driving me mad...Indeed...Theres Sitting on a Barbed Wire Fence, a song that was subsequently dropped.
2053;8;, and the emotion Dylan pours out is astounding... shocking... moving.
2053;9;Its fun to see all these pictures, especially the pictures of lyrics sheets with handwritten changes and newspaper articles from the time period that are clear enough to read the text of the articles.
2053;10;If you love Dylans songs as they evolve- you will love this!
2054;1;Even though the  sound quality is not that good the amazing songs speak for  themselves.
2054;2;While Feelgood is usually named as their ultimate musical statement and other tracks from Theatre Of Pain and GGG's get the spotlight this album is a true gem more than any other.
2054;3;Even though the  sound quality is not that good the amazing songs speak for  themselves.
2054;4;Some other hilights of this truly  amazing album are Starry Eyes, On with the Show, Come On and Dance, and and  Take Me to the Top.
2054;5;Some other hilights of this truly  amazing album are Starry Eyes, On with the Show, Come On and Dance, and and  Take Me to the Top.
2054;6;Vinyl sounded nice and clean too...Not going to rate the music as all Motley Crue fans love this LP, including me.
2054;7;Very melodic with a driving beat.
2054;8;Some of the lyrics are so absurdly ridiculous that they make KISS seem like Shakespeare but it all works (especially the title track...."puts her legs up well you call it good luck, do you know what I mean").
2054;9;One of the best live shows I ever seen, rock back then was fun.
2054;10;Another amazing song is Too Fast for Love with the  alternate intro.
2055;1;Sit back with a glass of good wine and enjoy.
2055;2;Shelby Lynne released the album "Just A Little Lovin'", which is a tribute to blue eyed soul singer Dusty Springfield- who is best known for her hit "Son Of A Preacher Man".
2055;3;Dusty's version is brilliant and at least as good as the hit versions.
2055;4;Shelby sings so effortlessly and sounds so lovely on the track "How I Can Be Sure".
2055;5;Shelby sings so effortlessly and sounds so lovely on the track "How I Can Be Sure".
2055;6;Shelby sings so effortlessly and sounds so lovely on the track "How I Can Be Sure".
2055;7;Shelby sings so effortlessly and sounds so lovely on the track "How I Can Be Sure".
2055;8;I believe that Miss Lynne's treatment of these songs accurately conveys the emotions meant to be conveyed by the words themselves.
2055;9;Shelby sings so effortlessly and sounds so lovely on the track "How I Can Be Sure".
2055;10;"The Look Of Love" has such a romantic tone to it.
2056;1;He's a good singer..."Secret Loser" is a classic.
2056;2;There's  NO BAD SONG in this genuine masterpiece.
2056;3;Beautiful.8) Feel Like You - 8/10 - The one song that every great album seems to have which isn't bad, just not as good as the rest.
2056;4;I love this album because here you can listen the greatest guitar player of the world, Mr. JAKE E LEE!
2056;5;I love this album because here you can listen the greatest guitar player of the world, Mr. JAKE E LEE!
2056;6;The artwork,the cool design for the remaster edition is sweet(since then ive collected every solo Ozzy album,and got all the remasters)So i went home,put it on and was instantly hooked on the metal.
2056;7;I don't care if he has a high pitched voice that drives some people insane- when he sings a song like this, with the meaningful war lyrics and everything, it makes him a very good singer.
2056;8;There's  NO BAD SONG in this genuine masterpiece.
2056;9;Anyway enough truth, this is a great, fun album, with killer tunes!
2056;10;I love this album because here you can listen the greatest guitar player of the world, Mr. JAKE E LEE!
2057;1;Marvin has left a lot of music to enjoy.
2057;2;He was one of a kind.
2057;3;There's no voice quite like that of Marvin Gaye and this is a great collection of his number one hits and seventeen songs on a single album is a pretty good deal.
2057;4;He was one of a kind.
2057;5;He was one of a kind.
2057;6;He was one of a kind.
2057;7;He was one of a kind.
2057;8;He was one of a kind.
2057;9;He was one of a kind.
2057;10;I love listening to it.
2058;1;I enjoyed the set list.,Good selection of numbers from musicals.
2058;2;I can smile or even cry to their music.
2058;3;Just as good as all of their other CD's.
2058;4;I can smile or even cry to their music.
2058;5;I thought I was ordering another cd by the new group (3 fellows that just recently found each other) FORTE - I didn't read it right - but when I received it I opened it and listened  - I loved it and through my mistake was introducted to yet another male singing group singing classical and that is what I love - so I was pleasantly surprised.
2058;6;I bought an extra copy to keep one in the car and one in the house.
2058;7;I bought an extra copy to keep one in the car and one in the house.
2058;8;I can smile or even cry to their music.
2058;9;I can smile or even cry to their music.
2058;10;Would love to see another PBS production, as they are a joy to watch.
2059;1;The album really mirrors the band's emotions, from the excitement clearly heard at the start of this project, to the sadness that comes through the music after the loss of their friend and bandmate...When you know what happened during the making of this album it is amazing they were able to finish it, and that it would turn out this good.
2059;2;This song is just amazing in that respect that it starts off slow and mellow and sad yet beautiful, then effortlessly turns into a grim metal rocker!
2059;3;It's a very good tribute to Rev and a masterpiece of heavy and haunting music.
2059;4;I do wish they had paced it better, but I think the album does what was intended and reminds you of the great writing the Rev was capable of.
2059;5;His playing is so good it reminds me often of God (read: Neil Peart)
2059;6;I personally would argue that City of Evil and Waking the Fallen are better albums, but it wouldn't shock me if many fans consider this their best...The songs are loud and good, nothing but clean (and grind your face into the ground) rock with heartfelt lyrics dealing with the death and loss of a loved one.
2059;7;I do wish they had paced it better, but I think the album does what was intended and reminds you of the great writing the Rev was capable of.
2059;8;It really is a testament to how dedicated to the fans, and the Rev, they really are to have fought through the emotions to get this album out.
2059;9;It's not only a fun song to listen to period, but I can see it lyrically being just the perfect song that speaks to a crowd and gets them riled up.
2059;10;Love this band and love this album.
2060;1;You can tell that Bjork is having a lot of fun with this song...`The Modern Things' is a good transitioning between the up-tempo techno beats and the sensitive ballad.
2060;2;Not bad, but it could have been a lot better than this...  This album is truly amazing, and it definitely informs us that Bjork has a lot of talent and creativity.
2060;3;She must have had a good time working out her music.
2060;4;Isobel by far, one of the best song composed in the modern music industry.
2060;5;She is also very spiritual and likes to read and write.
2060;6;Isobel by far, one of the best song composed in the modern music industry.
2060;7;Then there is Isobel, a compelling rhythmic trip through the spirit of Lust.
2060;8;But no matter the subject of the lyrics, it is Bjork's delivery that  really sells the emotion, and what ultimately affects me.
2060;9;While dance and electronica are generally not my favorite types of music, Bjork is the rare exception, because her songs pull you in, and have a uniqueness and witty charm and elegance to them.
2060;10;Probably a contender for my favorite, which is saying a lot, because I love ALL of her stuff
2061;1;But, if you are like me, and Kool and the Gang was enjoyed but not a musical focus, but you enjoy having some on hand, then this is a great collection...As on many greatest hits albums the producers inserted some, well, IMO, not so greatest hits, but the ratio of hits with staying power to those that are lacking is good.
2061;2;My granddaughters and I dance to this songs all the tiem.
2061;3;This product exceed my expectations and it's a very good product.
2061;4;My granddaughters and I dance to this songs all the tiem.
2061;5;But, if you are like me, and Kool and the Gang was enjoyed but not a musical focus, but you enjoy having some on hand, then this is a great collection...As on many greatest hits albums the producers inserted some, well, IMO, not so greatest hits, but the ratio of hits with staying power to those that are lacking is good.
2061;6;My granddaughters and I dance to this songs all the tiem.
2061;7;They often all wore white shoes, danced in unison, and they have a great horn line, rely on driving bass to keep things going, and the lead singer's voice is fantastic.
2061;8;"Celebration" is an awesome groove with terrific vocals, horns and accessible lyrics.
2061;9;In this sampler of some of K&TG's greatest hits, you get one of  the greatest party songs of all time, "Celebration", which will  have you dancing for hours!
2061;10;The light love songs like "Cherish" and "Joanna" are very effective and romantic.
2062;1;If you enjoy JB or love electric rock and blues then I suggest this one!
2062;2;My husband and I love the music this man plays.
2062;3;This is his 13 studio album in 12 years (not counting his many side projects), and almost all of those albums are good to great in quality.
2062;4;My husband and I love the music this man plays.
2062;5;My husband and I love the music this man plays.
2062;6;Play it at home, at work, sing it in my sleep.
2062;7;Driving Towards The Daylight, to me, is his best yet.
2062;8;My husband and I love the music this man plays.
2062;9;Excellent album of infectious songs with a heavier blues rock feel that is just plain fun to listen to.
2062;10;My husband and I love the music this man plays.
2063;1;The title song 'Chocolate Factory' is a nice head-nodder, funk-fuelled with a kickin' bassline an' the followin' joint 'Step in the Name of Love' continues in the same vein, bouncy, danceable, coolly energetic an' jus' makin' you feel good.
2063;2;Now despite all the BAD publicity, R. pours out all is sorrows and emotions into this electrically charged album.
2063;3;The title song 'Chocolate Factory' is a nice head-nodder, funk-fuelled with a kickin' bassline an' the followin' joint 'Step in the Name of Love' continues in the same vein, bouncy, danceable, coolly energetic an' jus' makin' you feel good.
2063;4;The title song 'Chocolate Factory' is a nice head-nodder, funk-fuelled with a kickin' bassline an' the followin' joint 'Step in the Name of Love' continues in the same vein, bouncy, danceable, coolly energetic an' jus' makin' you feel good.
2063;5;R. intended this album to be a feel-good, upbeat album without anything to be read into it.
2063;6;The title song 'Chocolate Factory' is a nice head-nodder, funk-fuelled with a kickin' bassline an' the followin' joint 'Step in the Name of Love' continues in the same vein, bouncy, danceable, coolly energetic an' jus' makin' you feel good.
2063;7;The title song 'Chocolate Factory' is a nice head-nodder, funk-fuelled with a kickin' bassline an' the followin' joint 'Step in the Name of Love' continues in the same vein, bouncy, danceable, coolly energetic an' jus' makin' you feel good.
2063;8;Now despite all the BAD publicity, R. pours out all is sorrows and emotions into this electrically charged album.
2063;9;The first CD is generally excellent front to back, although the final two party jams (Snake and Who's That?)
2063;10;the love joints are perfect 4 that romantic setting.
2099;1;SUPERMASSIVE BLACK HOLE: 9/10: A bit of a naughty song lyric-wise, but a fun and catchy one too!
2099;2;Not bad tough...CITY OF DELUSION: 8/10: A real Spanish flavored track that really leaves you wanting more!
2099;3;Some good and subtle sexual puns in there (Glaciers Melting in the Dead Of Night, etc.).
2099;4;Right from the sweeping intro of "Take a Bow", the album just explodes into pure rock, pure and simple.
2099;5;- Exo-politics: great baseline, another highlight on the album, even if the subject of the song focuses on aliens?
2099;6;There is a song that sounds like layered Queen harmonies, one that has a sort of Mexi-pop feel with a greatly mixed trumpet solo, some old western clean (with appropriate reverb mix and trem bar) and just all things that make these guys the best in the world right now.
2099;7;Starlight is driven and sonic, a beautiful song with a powerful beat and strong piano.
2099;8;Not bad tough...CITY OF DELUSION: 8/10: A real Spanish flavored track that really leaves you wanting more!
2099;9;SUPERMASSIVE BLACK HOLE: 9/10: A bit of a naughty song lyric-wise, but a fun and catchy one too!
2099;10;I love the politics in this, even if i am a bloody American.
2098;1;one again beth hart takes us on a journey through her emotions and her mind...and doesnt dissapoint...wide range of musical styles...some sad songs, but not as gut wrenching as before...i am so glad that she can write about her hap0iness, and still sound good...her voice is amazing, a cross between billy h9liday and janis, and her piano playing is in top form...buy this, and then wait for her to play in the US...doesnt get any better
2098;2;one again beth hart takes us on a journey through her emotions and her mind...and doesnt dissapoint...wide range of musical styles...some sad songs, but not as gut wrenching as before...i am so glad that she can write about her hap0iness, and still sound good...her voice is amazing, a cross between billy h9liday and janis, and her piano playing is in top form...buy this, and then wait for her to play in the US...doesnt get any better
2098;3;one again beth hart takes us on a journey through her emotions and her mind...and doesnt dissapoint...wide range of musical styles...some sad songs, but not as gut wrenching as before...i am so glad that she can write about her hap0iness, and still sound good...her voice is amazing, a cross between billy h9liday and janis, and her piano playing is in top form...buy this, and then wait for her to play in the US...doesnt get any better
2098;4;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
2098;5;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
2098;6;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
2098;7;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
2098;8;one again beth hart takes us on a journey through her emotions and her mind...and doesnt dissapoint...wide range of musical styles...some sad songs, but not as gut wrenching as before...i am so glad that she can write about her hap0iness, and still sound good...her voice is amazing, a cross between billy h9liday and janis, and her piano playing is in top form...buy this, and then wait for her to play in the US...doesnt get any better
2098;9;This is a fun listen.
2098;10;And you with love every minute of it.
2097;1;Along the way we meet despair ("Telephone Line" and "My Shangri-La") and joy ("Rockaria", "Living Thing" and "Do Ya") and it is as if we encumber the whole range of human emotions in a short space of time.
2097;2;Then the band established their trademark music style that led to the huge success of OUT OF THE BLUE and DISCOVERY.
2097;3;It is this record (along with the very good '75 effort, "Face The Music") that marks Jeff Lynne's  creative apex.
2097;4;Then the band established their trademark music style that led to the huge success of OUT OF THE BLUE and DISCOVERY.
2097;5;Ok if you are reading this you are not asking or looking to gain insight as to wether this is a great LP...Here is what you may want to know: Vinyl is clean and clear.
2097;6;Ok if you are reading this you are not asking or looking to gain insight as to wether this is a great LP...Here is what you may want to know: Vinyl is clean and clear.
2097;7;Wanted the CD to enjoy while I'm driving.
2097;8;Along the way we meet despair ("Telephone Line" and "My Shangri-La") and joy ("Rockaria", "Living Thing" and "Do Ya") and it is as if we encumber the whole range of human emotions in a short space of time.
2097;9;Lynne's styles range from toe tapping fun, again nodding to Rockaria!
2097;10;Recommended for pop rock fans who love the music between late 70s to early 80s.
2096;1;Good music which was enjoyed by all.
2096;2;When he said he wanted to get this album right because it might be his only Christmas one, he succeeded!
2096;3;I combined this with Kenny Chesney's "All I want for Chrismas is a real good tan" CD - was a good combo for listening to during the holidays.
2096;4;When he said he wanted to get this album right because it might be his only Christmas one, he succeeded!
2096;5;When he said he wanted to get this album right because it might be his only Christmas one, he succeeded!
2096;6;Great Christmas CD with a down home feeling.
2096;7;Great to have on in the background or in the foreground when you're in the car!
2096;8;This covers the whole range of emotions.
2096;9;This Christams collection is done with a gentle country touch making it relaxing, fun, and adds to an already impressive collection of great music from Blake.
2096;10;It has a great mix of traditional as well a couple of new songs.
2103;1;There is not one song on here that I didn't enjoy a lot and the sound quality is fantastic.
2103;2;Marvelio got it sent to me in time and it works perfectly!
2103;3;this album is definitely worth the money to any Kiss fan or any fan  of good hard rock.
2103;4;Marvelio got it sent to me in time and it works perfectly!
2103;5;Marvelio got it sent to me in time and it works perfectly!
2103;6;My choice was Ace Frehley for the excellent, clean but energetic guitar work.
2103;7;I had it when I was a kid on vinyl and it melted on the back dash of my Moms car one summer.
2103;8;It also has the lyric book fold out into part four of the KISS mural you got a part of with each solo record!
2103;9;Combine this with Anton's aggressive and very technically solid drumming, Ace's in-your-face guitar work, and Eddie Kramer's production, and it made for an album that just had a fun and enjoyable energy that helped propel all the songs along...Another surprise was the consistency of the material.
2103;10;I'm a loyal Kiss fan who loves all lineups of Kiss, even when they were stuck with Vinnie Vincent and Mark St. John.
2102;1;There is not one song on here that I didn't enjoy a lot and the sound quality is fantastic.
2102;2;the better kiss solo records and awesome pic disc.
2102;3;this album is definitely worth the money to any Kiss fan or any fan  of good hard rock.
2102;4;the better kiss solo records and awesome pic disc.
2102;5;the better kiss solo records and awesome pic disc.
2102;6;My choice was Ace Frehley for the excellent, clean but energetic guitar work.
2102;7;I had it when I was a kid on vinyl and it melted on the back dash of my Moms car one summer.
2102;8;His vocals and lyrics are great.
2102;9;Combine this with Anton's aggressive and very technically solid drumming, Ace's in-your-face guitar work, and Eddie Kramer's production, and it made for an album that just had a fun and enjoyable energy that helped propel all the songs along...Another surprise was the consistency of the material.
2102;10;I'm a loyal Kiss fan who loves all lineups of Kiss, even when they were stuck with Vinnie Vincent and Mark St. John.
2101;1;It's just as good as there earlier stuff to me.same vibe and sound and great chorus and fun songs.
2101;2;Well I'm happy to say that I really believe that this latest release from the bad boys of rock is by far their best one in years.
2101;3;The other tracks on the album are good but they are too tuned towards the Crue book, and really do not stand on their own...Even though there are a few bad tracks (every album released by any band always has a few duds), the majority of this album is definitely worth a listen.
2101;4;I would definitely recommend this CD to any true Motley Crue fan who likes the band at their sleazy, trashy best.
2101;5;I would definitely recommend this CD to any true Motley Crue fan who likes the band at their sleazy, trashy best.
2101;6;I would definitely recommend this CD to any true Motley Crue fan who likes the band at their sleazy, trashy best.
2101;7;I would definitely recommend this CD to any true Motley Crue fan who likes the band at their sleazy, trashy best.
2101;8;'Down At The Whiskey' has a great riff and some of Sixx's better lyrics.
2101;9;It's just as good as there earlier stuff to me.same vibe and sound and great chorus and fun songs.
2101;10;I'd rate it on par with my other favorite Crue discs, "Too Fast For Love" and "Dr. Feelgood" (with "New Tattoo" right there as well).
2100;1;Overall it's a good album, but I'd recommend getting "Dirt", their finest effort first.
2100;2;This is a great album even though Alice In Chains never really made a "bad" album.
2100;3;Overall it's a good album, but I'd recommend getting "Dirt", their finest effort first.
2100;4;An awesome cd is this, recommended to rock fans of old and new music.
2100;5;An awesome cd is this, recommended to rock fans of old and new music.
2100;6;An awesome cd is this, recommended to rock fans of old and new music.
2100;7;Him and Jerry Cantrell were a driving force in great music.
2100;8;There are a lot of good guitar riffs, excellent harmonizing (nobody has done it better since Crosby/Stills/Nash/etc.), and dark lyrics, but it is different from Dirt, and a lot different from Facelift.
2100;9;I'm a bass player myself and I found Frogs fun to play along to.
2100;10;My personal favorties from those are God Am (can't explain it, there is just something I love about the song), Sludge Factory (I can relate to the despair in the song), and Heaven Beside You, but the rest of the songs are pretty damn good in their own right.
2107;1;It makes me feel like I'm in a 1940s song, only I know that I'm not - it stirs up very different and fun emotions within me..."Haven't Met You Yet" is a perfect single and is sure to be a mainstream hit, and is very catchy...I'm not a fan of the sampling in "All I Do is Dream of You", but it's otherwise a truly fun track.
2107;2;The emotion in his voice on these songs touch your heart - you can feel the pain and sincerity.
2107;3;And the song, which is the first cut, is amazing, new, original...Don't expect any heart-wringers like 'Home' or even 'Everything' though - but some songs do come close...Still a very good buy.
2107;4;He is now at the peak of his vocal powers and has provided us proof of that with this new CD "Crazy Love," a collection of standards from the first half of the 20th Century, some of more recent vintage and two wonderful originals, "Haven't Met You Yet" and "Hold On."
2107;5;He is now at the peak of his vocal powers and has provided us proof of that with this new CD "Crazy Love," a collection of standards from the first half of the 20th Century, some of more recent vintage and two wonderful originals, "Haven't Met You Yet" and "Hold On."
2107;6;You will enjoy this while entertaining or simply cleaning the house!
2107;7;It's a feel good cd, I play it in the car on long trips.
2107;8;It makes me feel like I'm in a 1940s song, only I know that I'm not - it stirs up very different and fun emotions within me..."Haven't Met You Yet" is a perfect single and is sure to be a mainstream hit, and is very catchy...I'm not a fan of the sampling in "All I Do is Dream of You", but it's otherwise a truly fun track.
2107;9;This version is awesome and fun and I can listen to it over and over, again...The eleventh song, "Baby", is the best version of the song that I have ever heard...and, as a trumpeter, I can't end the review without mentioning "Stardust."
2107;10;While I see other reviewers hating the arrangement of "Cry Me A River" comparing it to a James Bond movie theme, I absolutely loved it.
2106;1;The next three are pretty good and the last two are just good songs.
2106;2;I love the drumming especially in Mutter which is kind of a sad song once you see the video for it.
2106;3;The next three are pretty good and the last two are just good songs.
2106;4;Well, i love the album, but i never got it in the mail.
2106;5;If you don't speak German, take the time to find and read some of the better English translations of their lyrics on the Internet ([...] is an excellent resource).
2106;6;Well, i love the album, but i never got it in the mail.
2106;7;Still, Mutter goes father into both the industrial spectrum and the more driven side of music as well, adding both the splendor of the beautiful into works where you wouldn't normally expect them as well as providing the pulsating hammer to drive their works further and faster.
2106;8;I have to say, that despite not really knowing any of the lyrics, this CD is still extremely enjoyable.
2106;9;I play along with the CD and it is great fun.
2106;10;Well, i love the album, but i never got it in the mail.
2105;1;It is a very good cd to enjoy.
2105;2;well i brought this album i was cool she as good voice some cool dance too it a cool album not bad at all
2105;3;well i brought this album i was cool she as good voice some cool dance too it a cool album not bad at all
2105;4;Tamar has a beautiful voice, you will enjoy this CD.
2105;5;Tamar has a beautiful voice, you will enjoy this CD.
2105;6;"All the way home" is a great track.
2105;7;I finally have a classic R&B cd that can replace Robin Thicke in my car.
2105;8;well i brought this album i was cool she as good voice some cool dance too it a cool album not bad at all
2105;9;well i brought this album i was cool she as good voice some cool dance too it a cool album not bad at all
2105;10;I love this one tho.
2104;1;i believe i enjoy this because the guitars remain thrashy and upbeat.
2104;2;Another favorite on this album!
2104;3;It is truly that good.
2104;4;Another favorite on this album!
2104;5;Another favorite on this album!
2104;6;Another favorite on this album!
2104;7;the keyboards blend very well with the guitar riffs, and the driving drum beats may remind some of a dave lombardo-era slayer.
2104;8;Hatebreeder is definitely one of them, with complex guitar solos, fun lyrics, rumbling bass, pounding doulbe bass, and amazing keyboard melodies...This album is more neoclassical than the albums after this (they still retain the flavor, but this one has it the most front and center), and the result is truly ear candy that would impress anyone.
2104;9;Hatebreeder is definitely one of them, with complex guitar solos, fun lyrics, rumbling bass, pounding doulbe bass, and amazing keyboard melodies...This album is more neoclassical than the albums after this (they still retain the flavor, but this one has it the most front and center), and the result is truly ear candy that would impress anyone.
2104;10;I love this album and you should too.
2111;1;Very Good and I have enjoyed it as I have all his other ones I have.
2111;2;Great job on this album.
2111;3;Every one of the songs are good.
2111;4;Great job on this album.
2111;5;Great job on this album.
2111;6;Great job on this album.
2111;7;This was a gift I gave to my husband and he plays it all of the time in the car.
2111;8;Great job on this album.
2111;9;It really makes you want to dance and sing along.
2111;10;Love, Love, Love, "The Big Revival"  Kenny Chesney continues to knock 'em out of the park!
2110;1;It's great fun and pretty much all the songs on here are good.
2110;2;Then there's the fact that she co-produced and co-wrote NONE of the material - whether that's good or bad is your decision, but I find that disappointing...Nonetheless, "Good Girl Gone Bad" is a solid album, Rihanna's best to date and definitely worth your time.
2110;3;Then there's the fact that she co-produced and co-wrote NONE of the material - whether that's good or bad is your decision, but I find that disappointing...Nonetheless, "Good Girl Gone Bad" is a solid album, Rihanna's best to date and definitely worth your time.
2110;4;This is a really cool track and great for the gym as well...5.
2110;5;And without a doubt, "Good Girl Gone Bad" is her best album to date - something that, if you listen to the whole album, you'll probably agree on...All it takes is one glance at the title to know what a significant percentage of this album is focused on - sex.
2110;6;This CD fits perfectly in our dance and cook playlist.
2110;7;"Shut Up and Drive" is hot but it has it's moments.
2110;8;I can listen to "Good Girl Gone Bad" right through without skipping one track...The production of this album, the lyrics, even Rihanna's vocals have improved and are all top notch.
2110;9;This song also tells a story: she's obviously at a club and she sees someone on the dance floor, and after that... its pure bliss and dance. "
2110;10;A couple of my grandparents are dead, but the two that are still alive both love some Rihanna.
2109;1;This is such a fun listening CD
2109;2;Many of the songs laugh at pain to keep from crying.
2109;3;This is such a fun listening CD
2109;4;It's only the two of them and they are wonderful together.
2109;5;It's only the two of them and they are wonderful together.
2109;6;These consistently listenable songs speak of love and loss, the search for home, the things in life that drive us crazy, the inner strength we never knew we had.
2109;7;This is such a fun listening CD
2109;8;The result is an excellent mix of tradition and modern songwriting and instrumental sensibility that sounds like the back porch should...Not all the songs are melancholy, but most of them are -- even those with upbeat tempos may have lyrics about sad or serious stuff.
2109;9;I usually listen to vintage rock but this is a fun break.
2109;10;Its an unusually quirky CD about love and family.
2108;1;Many of these musicians since the 60's I have enjoyed listening to.
2108;2;My husband listened to it all day long and we even played it over the holiday and our company LOVED it.
2108;3;Really good set of songs and an eclectic mix of styles.
2108;4;My husband listened to it all day long and we even played it over the holiday and our company LOVED it.
2108;5;My husband listened to it all day long and we even played it over the holiday and our company LOVED it.
2108;6;My husband listened to it all day long and we even played it over the holiday and our company LOVED it.
2108;7;Clapton and friends produced the best live music on the CD, take in my car and truck all the time keep it going love the Music!
2108;8;My husband listened to it all day long and we even played it over the holiday and our company LOVED it.
2108;9;This is a well recorded album (which is rare for Eric Clapton) and totally fun to listen to.
2108;10;My husband listened to it all day long and we even played it over the holiday and our company LOVED it.
2082;1;Great and a good buy.
2082;2;Super album from a super band.
2082;3;Great and a good buy.
2082;4;Super album from a super band.
2082;5;Super album from a super band.
2082;6;Super album from a super band.
2082;7;Really good --- good road trip music
2082;8;Super album from a super band.
2082;9;Super album from a super band.
2082;10;I love country music and I really love the Zac Brown Band.
2083;1;The product is of a good, sound quality and I enjoy it.
2083;2;Anyone -- all ages -- especially those who are in love, should pick this up.
2083;3;Beautiful music brings back lots of good memories.
2083;4;Anyone -- all ages -- especially those who are in love, should pick this up.
2083;5;Anyone -- all ages -- especially those who are in love, should pick this up.
2083;6;Anyone -- all ages -- especially those who are in love, should pick this up.
2083;7;Not going to rate the chords, singers, it is great music...................easy music, loving music.........soul music.........tender music..........can ride for miles, don't say a word.........just listen, pat the feet, sing along...........(don't pat if you are driving)
2083;8;I love the simple lyrics of the song, and how deep the emotions are behind them.
2083;9;It's also good music for weddings and other occasions where people dance.
2083;10;Anyone -- all ages -- especially those who are in love, should pick this up.
2080;1;I recommend it highly if you're looking for a good cd to buy.
2080;2;The breakdowns are amazing, and there's not a bad riff here.
2080;3;I remember taking a chance on lamb of God, and bought this album in a record store, I was instantly hooked, this is good listening till this day its in my playlist, brutal but with good rhythm,excellent guitar work, killer drumming,crazy lyrics, i recently saw them here in Germany at the Rock im Park, they were outstanding live,buy this album,even used, just buy it, my personal favorite but check out their other albums...  -peace, marcus.
2080;4;Totally classic and I will always love this CD.
2080;5;On LOG's first album, "New American Gospel", he had a different vocal style, which I didn't think sounded as good as this one, and it was impossible to understand, even reading along in the booklet.
2080;6;I just bought it yesterday and listened to it on the ride home.
2080;7;The songwriting remains top notch while the musicianship, particularly from guitarists Mark Morton and Will Adler, is outstanding, the riffs pushed to the front of the mix and delivered with a old school thrash inspired technical flair and driven home by the crushing production provided by metal genius Devin Townsend.
2080;8;The musicianship is fantastic and the vocals and lyrics are great.
2080;9;Totally classic and I will always love this CD.
2080;10;Totally classic and I will always love this CD.
2081;1;The cost ratio is very good.
2081;2;Love her, was so sad when she passed, I had to purchase this Christmas CD, I start my Christmas music the day after Thanksgiving.
2081;3;The cost ratio is very good.
2081;4;I love the seasons and I truly love this CD
2081;5;I love the seasons and I truly love this CD
2081;6;Listened to it constantly in my car and at home
2081;7;Listened to it constantly in my car and at home
2081;8;Love her, was so sad when she passed, I had to purchase this Christmas CD, I start my Christmas music the day after Thanksgiving.
2081;9;fills the words with meaning, yet the songs remain fun to listen.
2081;10;I love the seasons and I truly love this CD
2086;1;Beth Hart & Joe, Wow, guitar is good, great, wow  Beth Hart is fantastic, voice is out of this world.
2086;2;Usually I'm not one to hear new versions of some of the greatest music ever belted out, but this one does it with grace and aplomb!
2086;3;Although I like "Don't Explain" better, this is a very good follow up and Beth's vocals on Tina Turner's "Nutbush City Limits" is absolutely awesome.
2086;4;Usually I'm not one to hear new versions of some of the greatest music ever belted out, but this one does it with grace and aplomb!
2086;5;Usually I'm not one to hear new versions of some of the greatest music ever belted out, but this one does it with grace and aplomb!
2086;6;Usually I'm not one to hear new versions of some of the greatest music ever belted out, but this one does it with grace and aplomb!
2086;7;I think it's important to recognize though, that even when Joe's guitar isn't out front--he--and not Beth, is the driving force behind the direction of the music.
2086;8;Later in the process the horns by Lee Thornburg and Ron Dziubla are added as well as the strings by Jeff Bova which just takes everything to yet another level...Beth Hart not only has an effing astounding voice, but the ability to truly connect with the material and make it her own, then communicate the emotion behind it.
2086;9;Heh, Heh, my wife and I also did "It" while listening, and it was a lot of fun doing "It" while listening to Seesaw!!
2086;10;His work to bring the blues to younger audiences speaks to his love for the blues genre.
2087;1;Some of the aging rockers are not sounding as good, but the singing on this CD is fantastic.
2087;2;So sad, sweet, and soulful.
2087;3;From the moment you first hear the famous 19-note double guitar and bass riff, you know this is going to be good.
2087;4;I am an EC fan and this is some of his best playing on film.
2087;5;I am an EC fan and this is some of his best playing on film.
2087;6;I am an EC fan and this is some of his best playing on film.
2087;7;I've got the Blu-Ray of the concert, and I needed the CD for my car.
2087;8;So sad, sweet, and soulful.
2087;9;And they were having fun and it shows on this recording.
2087;10;Love, love, love this collection.
2084;1;It's just fun, catchy, upbeat rock n' roll that you'll enjoy for at least one summer as you hang out, drive around, and do whatever it is that you do.
2084;2;These guys are talented, whether they know it or not.
2084;3;The Beatles were quite a good group.
2084;4;These guys are talented, whether they know it or not.
2084;5;First of all, please read this entire review.
2084;6;It's great to dance to, though you can also use it for ambient music while you are cleaning or something equally mundane, just to liven things up a bit.
2084;7;It's just fun, catchy, upbeat rock n' roll that you'll enjoy for at least one summer as you hang out, drive around, and do whatever it is that you do.
2084;8;This song has the beat, sound, rhythm, lyrics.
2084;9;The music is fast paced, engaging, and fun to listen to...This album won't serve up the kind of emotional response that we are getting used to from modern rock these days, but it will certainly make you want to get up and dance, and that's perfectly fine in my book.
2084;10;Sing it to your girlfriend, she'll love you for it...BUY BUY BUY!
2085;1;It sure is good to have another album by Emmylou Harris, and this one shows the depth of experience.
2085;2;Yes, Emmylou sings about pain, but she also sings about redemption and perseverance, the dawn that follows the darkness.
2085;3;It sure is good to have another album by Emmylou Harris, and this one shows the depth of experience.
2085;4;"All That You Have Is Your Soul", a song that did not grab me when I heard the author's version two decades ago, is rescued here and made Emmylou's own.
2085;5;You may be reading a book or something while listening, and, at some point you'll stop and just marvel at how beautiful that sound is.
2085;6;"All That You Have Is Your Soul", a song that did not grab me when I heard the author's version two decades ago, is rescued here and made Emmylou's own.
2085;7;"All That You Have Is Your Soul", a song that did not grab me when I heard the author's version two decades ago, is rescued here and made Emmylou's own.
2085;8;Honestly one of the best recent country albums I've heard...Just give it some time, don't publish a review after one listen, and say how bad it was.....
2085;9;"All That You Have Is Your Soul", a song that did not grab me when I heard the author's version two decades ago, is rescued here and made Emmylou's own.
2085;10;I absolutely love this cd... it was worth the wait.
2090;1;The detailing, the imaging, the clarity are all fantastic.
2090;2;Bill Bruford's subtle jazzy drumming, Jamie Muir's alien percussion, Robert Fripp's understated but complex guitar work, and John Wetton's nimble basslines all fit together into a magnificent musical beast...The only bad thing about this album is the production.
2090;3;The remastering is excellent & allows for all the subtle nuances of the work to shine & is easily as good as my original analog record.
2090;4;"Easy Money," which contains some terrific vocals, follows, and features a ferocious Fripp guitar workout, and "The Talking Drum," an instrumental which starts quietly and slowly increases in volume, concludes with some terrific guitar tone from Fripp (foreshadowing the tone of his lead on "Providence," on Red), never seems to really takes off, but does lead, rather dramatically, to "Larks Tongues In Aspic Pt.
2090;5;A great deal of video focuses is on Jamie Muir, whose contribution consists mostly of adding sounds, but who is very animated.
2090;6;During the lighter moments, he contributes some very clean and understated counterpoint and his vocals are also excellent.
2090;7;"Exiles", having its old origins, has a slightly older feel to it, almost similar in content to "Epitaph" or "The Court of the Crimson King", the piece has a more timeless quality to it brought about by the use of the mellotron as a highlight rather than a driving force.
2090;8;Bill Bruford's subtle jazzy drumming, Jamie Muir's alien percussion, Robert Fripp's understated but complex guitar work, and John Wetton's nimble basslines all fit together into a magnificent musical beast...The only bad thing about this album is the production.
2090;9;Violinist/keyboard player David Cross and multi-percussionist Jamie Muir completed the party to give this album a unique line-up.
2090;10;You'll love it -- moment by moment all of these beautiful musical nuances just appear, spontaneously, off the stage and out of the five personalities, and we get to hear how this version of the band evolved virtually from day-one.
2091;1;Good beat with okay lyrics.
2091;2;There are Other songs that are great like survival of the fittest, drink away the pain, right back at you and eye for an eye.
2091;3;Good beat with okay lyrics.
2091;4;The production is incredible from Havoc ( he did all but 4 songs which Q-Tip did)- and he was only around 20!!
2091;5;The production is incredible from Havoc ( he did all but 4 songs which Q-Tip did)- and he was only around 20!!
2091;6;The production is incredible from Havoc ( he did all but 4 songs which Q-Tip did)- and he was only around 20!!
2091;7;Great music to drive to.
2091;8;They were only around 20 or 21 when they made it, and their lyrics are incredible.
2091;9;Nice way to close the party, altho, the beat sounds kinda plain.
2091;10;I'm a 2 pac fan so you know that they don't love each other but mobb deep got talent, you can see it in shook ones which is one of the best rap songs ever.
2088;1;It's just fun, catchy, upbeat rock n' roll that you'll enjoy for at least one summer as you hang out, drive around, and do whatever it is that you do.
2088;2;So, purchase this album and Good Luck.
2088;3;So, purchase this album and Good Luck.
2088;4;So, purchase this album and Good Luck.
2088;5;First of all, please read this entire review.
2088;6;It's great to dance to, though you can also use it for ambient music while you are cleaning or something equally mundane, just to liven things up a bit.
2088;7;Granted, I'm always driving when I'm listening, and it's great driving music, but their sound is unique to me, with that driving, throbbing, Scottish beat throughout that just gives me (as someone else said) goosebumps!
2088;8;Also I think that the  chourse are really great, with great singing, although the lyrics may be a bit weird,  about dancing with Michael...So that'a all about Franz Ferdinand's debut album.
2088;9;The music is fast paced, engaging, and fun to listen to...This album won't serve up the kind of emotional response that we are getting used to from modern rock these days, but it will certainly make you want to get up and dance, and that's perfectly fine in my book.
2088;10;Sing it to your girlfriend, she'll love you for it...BUY BUY BUY!
2089;1;So far, I've enjoyed them all.
2089;2;So far, I've enjoyed them all.
2089;3;"Dust Bowl" gives you 12 tracks of good music--12 tracks!
2089;4;So far, I've enjoyed them all.
2089;5;I'm a music affecionado, so I can only agree with the descriptions and praises I've read here.
2089;6;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
2089;7;But, the best thing I can say to you is buy the damn CD, slide it into your computer or your car player and enjoy the brilliance that is Joe Bonamassa.
2089;8;I'm a huge fan of Free (and just about anything related to Paul Rodgers) and this cover is done with great reverence and emotion.
2089;9;It makes me want to dance.
2089;10;I really love his title cut "Dust Bowl".
2094;1;very good enjoy it very much
2094;2;Kenny Loggins is one of a kind.
2094;3;very good enjoy it very much
2094;4;Kenny Loggins is one of a kind.
2094;5;Kenny Loggins is one of a kind.
2094;6;Kenny Loggins is one of a kind.
2094;7;Kenny Loggins is one of a kind.
2094;8;every song brings back a memory and each performance delivers with power, emotion, soul, and absolutely fabulous musicianship!
2094;9;"Footloose" comes from the movie of the same name and is a very perky early 80s dance oriented track.
2094;10;I bought this album mainly for "For the first time" which I just love.
2095;1;Katy does not have the best voice nor is she that great of a performer, but she certainly knows a good pop hook and is good at giving us  fun tongue in cheek lyrics that get stuck in your head...'Teenage Dream' is a very solid effort and is a slam dunk from start to finish.
2095;2;The One That Got Away- 10/10- It's a very sad and upbeat-ballad and it fits perfectly on this album...8.
2095;3;Katy does not have the best voice nor is she that great of a performer, but she certainly knows a good pop hook and is good at giving us  fun tongue in cheek lyrics that get stuck in your head...'Teenage Dream' is a very solid effort and is a slam dunk from start to finish.
2095;4;I am in awe and pleasantly surprised with how many potential "hits" are included on this album.
2095;5;I was reading a lot of the 1 star reviews and came to the conclusion that these people are all expecting life-changing music from Katy.
2095;6;I am in awe and pleasantly surprised with how many potential "hits" are included on this album.
2095;7;He likes listening to Katy Perry and he said that sometimes he wished he could listen to her music on something other than the car radio.
2095;8;Katy does not have the best voice nor is she that great of a performer, but she certainly knows a good pop hook and is good at giving us  fun tongue in cheek lyrics that get stuck in your head...'Teenage Dream' is a very solid effort and is a slam dunk from start to finish.
2095;9;This cd is great to purchase and enjoy if you love fun pop and/or dance music that reminds you of partytime fun.
2095;10;I loved this song from the moment I heard it.
2092;1;2nd Cd and she has a voice that makes everything seem so good.
2092;2;I especially love the track "Break Your Heart Right Back" because of the sample of "I'm Coming Out" by Diana Ross.
2092;3;2nd Cd and she has a voice that makes everything seem so good.
2092;4;I especially love the track "Break Your Heart Right Back" because of the sample of "I'm Coming Out" by Diana Ross.
2092;5;I especially love the track "Break Your Heart Right Back" because of the sample of "I'm Coming Out" by Diana Ross.
2092;6;Love this CD while I'm cooking it makes you wanna dance and be happy, my twin boys get up and dance too.
2092;7;I especially love the track "Break Your Heart Right Back" because of the sample of "I'm Coming Out" by Diana Ross.
2092;8;The combination of her voice, lyrics and production make this a classic.
2092;9;Great CD to exercise and dance to.
2092;10;I especially love the track "Break Your Heart Right Back" because of the sample of "I'm Coming Out" by Diana Ross.
2093;1;Just an awesome way to close out the album...So all in all, I highly recommend this to everyone who enjoyed Three Days Grace debut album from 2003, and also everyone who enjoys some good ol hard driving alt rock tunes!!
2093;2;Pain is such a great song
2093;3;Driven by Adam Gontier's lyrics dealing with personal topics, this CD is always a good choice in my opinion.
2093;4;It seems they worked hard on this album, and got everything just right.
2093;5;It seems they worked hard on this album, and got everything just right.
2093;6;Start to finish, polish just perfect, not to shiny clean, and thank god for not going cookie monster.
2093;7;Driven by Adam Gontier's lyrics dealing with personal topics, this CD is always a good choice in my opinion.
2093;8;Indeed, a lot of the themes on the album address alienation, bad relationships, loneliness, but there's also some uplift in not only the words, as the title tracks' lyrics convey, but some serious shine to the music.
2093;9;Looking.forward to someday seeing them live... Great.music, fun to listen to and even my 13 yr old.grandson thinks they are a band to contend.with!
2093;10;I love Three Days Grace!
2133;1;A true metal classic that brings back many good memories.
2133;2;Any scorpion fans will love this album with some of the best classic tracks Still Loving You, Rock You Like a Hurricane and one of my favorite Bad Boys Running Wild and Crossfire.
2133;3;This album starts off rockin with Bad boys running wild, (it just smokes), the classic Rock you like a hurricane,(a definite 1980's classic), My personal fave I'm leaving you,(Mindblowing song), the bombastic The same thrill, another classic Big city nights(How sweet),the groove of As soon as the good times roll, and the slow rocker that has been a mood maker for millions, Still loving you.
2133;4;So many amazing moments remembered but the one that stands out was fourth of july 1984 ...my and my family and friends swimming in the creek in my backyard ( yes we were lucky kids , nice house and we were spoiled , thank you mom and dad !!
2133;5;Great CD at a great price and great service.
2133;6;There are a couple of filler songs on this CD which keeps it from being a "perfect" album, but besides for the hits, (Bad boys running wild, rock you like a hurricane, Big city nights) this CD has other great songs like like 'Leaving you', and my personal fav 'Coming home'.
2133;7;Although Savage Amusement would chart higher on the charts and their biggest hit "Wind Of Change" appeared on Crazy World, Love At First Sting was their best album featuring their strongest collection of songs...This album features an equal balance of heavier tracks, catchy metal driven by memorable riffs, and power ballads, and most of them are top notch.
2133;8;Any scorpion fans will love this album with some of the best classic tracks Still Loving You, Rock You Like a Hurricane and one of my favorite Bad Boys Running Wild and Crossfire.
2133;9;Fun, energetic, loud, powerful tunes
2133;10;I love it and if your a fan of great classic metal/rock You Need to have this in your Collection.
2132;1;A very good rock album from the fathers of Rock !
2132;2;Not that those releases were bad it's just that this is what dp does best : make excellent hard rock.
2132;3;A very good rock album from the fathers of Rock !
2132;4;Produced by mainly by Roger Glover, the music is still powerful, but displays a maturity that wasn't possible before.
2132;5;Produced by mainly by Roger Glover, the music is still powerful, but displays a maturity that wasn't possible before.
2132;6;Gillan's snarling vocals highlight the percussion heavy Nobody's Home, a bouncy song that features some unusual tempos and rhythms.
2132;7;Blackmore's guitar playing is wonderful and inspired, quite simply the spark that drives the entire album.
2132;8;There are some good sounding songs on this album not sure I care for the lyrics that much though.
2132;9;The near lack of sincerity of Deep Purple's reunited friendship is showcased in the hard-hitting, gripping songs, such as the agressive 'Under the Gun,' 'A Gypsy's Kiss,' and the anti-preachy 'Nobody's Home,' as the shaky reunion is captured more sympathetically on the ominous title cut.
2132;10;I love this cd so much.
2135;1;Bear in mind that this is the version Fiona was happy with, so I don't think it does any good to bitch and moan.
2135;2;Red Red Red is another gem on this album This is a great song that makes you think about the world around you and about what  different  colors symbolize in our society like red, blue, and yellow.
2135;3;The music marches along allowing Apple to get to the good stuff.
2135;4;Her energy transcends to the listener, especially one who exercises, for I can tell you that this is a great CD for long workouts.
2135;5;When I listened to the Jon Brion version, I was reading Is Paris Burning, by Larry Collins and Dominique Lapierre, and Tam Lin, by Pamela Dean, and I found the music to be a good thematic match to both of those books: in some ways a throw-back in style to an earlier time, with a European feel to it.
2135;6;"Red Red Red" and "Window" are other lyrically expressive and musically profound highlights, and Fiona Apple's depth prevails through out the CD - one that you'll be playing on repeat in your, home, car or iPod, for a long long time.
2135;7;"Red Red Red" and "Window" are other lyrically expressive and musically profound highlights, and Fiona Apple's depth prevails through out the CD - one that you'll be playing on repeat in your, home, car or iPod, for a long long time.
2135;8;"Oh Well" is a moving track, the lyrics are full of emotion and I love the selection of instruments.
2135;9;This song is about admitting that an one night stand with someone is just fun and not love.
2135;10;Don't get me wrong, I love the album.
2134;1;Good fun and some crazy guitar-work towards the end of this song.
2134;2;While the songs are a bit odd, at first, they do showcase Meg White's abilities
2134;3;It's also good to hear an ablum that has not been over produced or with any computerized sounds.
2134;4;"White Moon" opens with a gorgeous piano intro that is almost Romanticist in nature.
2134;5;Whatever style of music you may be into, the simple fact that you are here reading this, means that you are open to new things and you deserve to hear this...The Stripes will be on tour this summer - don't miss 'em.
2134;6;Red Rain is another blues song, with layered guitars and vocal work, which would be right at home on White Blood Cells.
2134;7;"The Denial Twist" is fantastically driven by piano and tambourine.
2134;8;Meg's drum kit is in full force with the keys of the piano, and the lyrics are bewildering to say the least.
2134;9;It gives way to the bluegrass dustup "Little Ghost," possibly a tribute to Rita Hayworth or the new Mrs. White -- a cute, fun ditty most reminiscent of WBC's "Hotel Yorba."
2134;10;Early fans of the Stripes will have to listen to it a couple times to get use to Jack White spending most of his time off the guitar and on the piano, but will ultimately say, "they have a lot of balls doing a record like this, and a lot of talent for actually pulling it off."
2129;1;would all sound fantastic in 5.1...As an aside, the interviews are quite fun.
2129;2;Having seen the tribute show live, then seeing this official DVD version, I can say that any new or old fan of this work  will find the cost of this set worth every penny after experiencing the feat of engineering applied to "The Lamb"...Genesis have always been an amazing visual experience but particularly during the Gabriel era when they presented themselves as "rock theater".
2129;3;The quality of the videos - most of them from European TV programs - range from somewhat dodgy to very good.
2129;4;Having seen the tribute show live, then seeing this official DVD version, I can say that any new or old fan of this work  will find the cost of this set worth every penny after experiencing the feat of engineering applied to "The Lamb"...Genesis have always been an amazing visual experience but particularly during the Gabriel era when they presented themselves as "rock theater".
2129;5;While I have read Chapter and Verse cover to cover, I found the interviews on the DVDs quite informative.
2129;6;Having seen the tribute show live, then seeing this official DVD version, I can say that any new or old fan of this work  will find the cost of this set worth every penny after experiencing the feat of engineering applied to "The Lamb"...Genesis have always been an amazing visual experience but particularly during the Gabriel era when they presented themselves as "rock theater".
2129;7;Having seen the tribute show live, then seeing this official DVD version, I can say that any new or old fan of this work  will find the cost of this set worth every penny after experiencing the feat of engineering applied to "The Lamb"...Genesis have always been an amazing visual experience but particularly during the Gabriel era when they presented themselves as "rock theater".
2129;8;It was also interesting to see some lyrics and music used later as parts of other songs such as Anyway, etc.
2129;9;The alternate vocal takes in "Dancing with the Moonlit Knight" as well as the noticeably different mixing of the keyboards on "The Cinema Show" would have been worthy bonus tracks, but these are two of the greatest progressive rock songs _ever_ written!
2129;10;I love the improved sound quality of "Nursery Crime" and "Foxtrot" and would recommend both over the 1994 Definitive Editions, "Selling England By The Pound" was a case where one should not fix that which is not broken.
2128;1;I would recommend this to anyone who loves to hear good music and fantastic male voices who can harmonize beautifully and sing unbelievably on their solos.
2128;2;I Love these guys, their voices are so Angelic.
2128;3;If you enjoyed the DVD, you will enjoy having this CD to listen to as you go about your daily activities, or relax in the evening.
2128;4;I Love these guys, their voices are so Angelic.
2128;5;I Love these guys, their voices are so Angelic.
2128;6;I Love these guys, their voices are so Angelic.
2128;7;My friend always wants me to play it when we are driving somewhere in the car.
2128;8;They are always professional and deliver great songs sung with emotion or humor.
2128;9;Fun to sing along with them.
2128;10;The songs included are half the songs on the DVD, with a couple extra.
2131;1;This CD is so doggone good.
2131;2;Excellent cd to listen to
2131;3;This CD is so doggone good.
2131;4;Excellent cd to listen to
2131;5;Excellent cd to listen to
2131;6;Excellent cd to listen to
2131;7;Excellent cd to listen to
2131;8;I love Johnny Gill's voice
2131;9;Excellent cd to listen to
2131;10;Bought it for my boyfriend and he loves it.
2130;1;This is a cool CD in that they just have fun with some good ol blues covers.
2130;2;He's certainly had some growing pains in some of his previous work but Goin' Home is truly amazing.
2130;3;Good CD......fast delivery, good price.
2130;4;I think these guys had fun putting this together.
2130;5;I think these guys had fun putting this together.
2130;6;He's certainly had some growing pains in some of his previous work but Goin' Home is truly amazing.
2130;7;I think these guys had fun putting this together.
2130;8;I think these guys had fun putting this together.
2130;9;I think these guys had fun putting this together.
2130;10;I've loved KWS ever since I first heard him play live at the "Hendrix Experience" in Richmond, Va. a couple of years ago.
2141;1;"Crazy for You"-one of her most underrated songs and one of the few where she sounds good vocally.
2141;2;Live To Tell: See my "True Blue" album review.
2141;3;"Crazy for You"-one of her most underrated songs and one of the few where she sounds good vocally.
2141;4;"Crazy for You"-one of her most underrated songs and one of the few where she sounds good vocally.
2141;5;"Crazy for You"-one of her most underrated songs and one of the few where she sounds good vocally.
2141;6;"Crazy for You"-one of her most underrated songs and one of the few where she sounds good vocally.
2141;7;Through Lucky 13 Kabbalah chapters, Madonna takes us on a trip-a trip of her brilliant life!
2141;8;"Something to Remember"-it tells a sad tale that she gave up on the man she loved and decided to move on.
2141;9;the song is beautiful and the video is amazing and pretty...Oh father (10/10) a haunting, yet another classic song by madonna herself...this collection just proves that madonna has a GREAT voice and that she can sing, and not just dance.
2141;10;i can relate to it alot other than "love tried to welcome me".
2140;1;This music assortment is good for those who enjoy dance and electronic music fusions.
2140;2;And I discovered that so many of them were sad tales about broken relationships.
2140;3;This music assortment is good for those who enjoy dance and electronic music fusions.
2140;4;Its music I love need I say more
2140;5;I've read Goulding say that the album is about the journey from darkness into light, so maybe that explains it, but it also seems like she's trying to remind people of her previous success and end the album by saying, "I tried something different this time, but please, remember my awesome hit song and still love me!"
2140;6;Amazon is our top supplier of great deals as music lovers, and I am enjoying Ellie' s music too, as my almost-13 year old blasts it in the house and takes over my car stereo.
2140;7;Amazon is our top supplier of great deals as music lovers, and I am enjoying Ellie' s music too, as my almost-13 year old blasts it in the house and takes over my car stereo.
2140;8;I just love it when she screams out the lyrics.
2140;9;"In My City" from the first CD is a fun, upbeat song.
2140;10;Its music I love need I say more
2143;1;best Godsmack cd in years must buy for metalheads looking for what little good new music is out there now
2143;2;Great Album, this is the best Godsmack release ever.
2143;3;best Godsmack cd in years must buy for metalheads looking for what little good new music is out there now
2143;4;It's a great hard hitting album full of energy to fuel my morning workouts and my wife's overagressive driving on the highway.
2143;5;Yes, you read the headline right.
2143;6;Great Album, this is the best Godsmack release ever.
2143;7;It's a great hard hitting album full of energy to fuel my morning workouts and my wife's overagressive driving on the highway.
2143;8;Great lyrics and vocals as always from Sully Erna.
2143;9;Great Album, this is the best Godsmack release ever.
2143;10;I love this album - but I already knew I would since it was played on SeriusXM & I knew I had to get it.
2142;1;Good album, happy with purchase
2142;2;If you're under 30 and were exposed to the band's biggest hit via&nbsp
2142;3;This is a very good collection of songs.
2142;4;"Daisy Jane" often brings me near tears.
2142;5;"Daisy Jane" often brings me near tears.
2142;6;"Daisy Jane" often brings me near tears.
2142;7;This is great music to have on your car radio if you're driving an open Chevy convertible down Route 66 with your best diner buddies, blending your voices with Dewey and the gang as they recall summers driving around in California, New Mexico and Nevada, telling tales of pretty young ladies that they knew...Frankly, Neil Young never sounded this good!
2142;8;If you're under 30 and were exposed to the band's biggest hit via&nbsp
2142;9;I had this album when I was a teenager and I thought it would be fun to own it again.
2142;10;I can't tell you how much I love these songs.
2137;1;This Afternoon : Very much a feel good kind of song,good for what it is but it's a little too happy for me.
2137;2;Chad has one of the greatest vocals in the history of hard rock
2137;3;Today Was Your Last Day (4/5) Yet another great song...SEX, Burn It to the Ground are also good (not great) songs...Definitely a must buy !!
2137;4;My x stole this from me so I had to buy another cd, I really really liked this music
2137;5;My x stole this from me so I had to buy another cd, I really really liked this music
2137;6;My x stole this from me so I had to buy another cd, I really really liked this music
2137;7;This is an amazing album, good to work to great to drive to.
2137;8;It makes you angry and sad all at the same time, I think they captured these emotions well.
2137;9;"Dark Horse" is the album that should have fans off the fence and into the Nickelback area of things as it's fun to listen to more than just once and should be a favorite for sometime to come.
2137;10;My son loves this group so I bought this CD and a couple of others by Nickelback  for him.
2136;1;Megadeth, Dave Mustaine, both are names that are commonplace in the Metal Community and for good reason as Dave has been releasing quality Metal since the Mid-Eighties and that is no easy feat considering most of the bands that Megadeth grew with conformed to more mainstream styles or broke up.
2136;2;But it was a nice surprise to hear a high bass presence in this album and the drum work is not bad either.
2136;3;Megadeth, Dave Mustaine, both are names that are commonplace in the Metal Community and for good reason as Dave has been releasing quality Metal since the Mid-Eighties and that is no easy feat considering most of the bands that Megadeth grew with conformed to more mainstream styles or broke up.
2136;4;Megadeth made a really fresh album here.
2136;5;Megadeth made a really fresh album here.
2136;6;Moving on, track six "Bodies" is yet another highlight that features some prominently strong, grumbling bass lines from LoMenzo that drive the song throughout along with crunchy, chugging guitars, and more galloping rhythms, and awesome, catchy vocals from Mustaine, and the song is also highlighted by some nice clean melodic soloing which is soon followed by some more blistering fast, shredding solos near the end with some more faster, deft drums backing them up as well.
2136;7;Buy it, blast it, and let the music drive you "1,320" mph!
2136;8;Lyrically it isn't bad but I liked "United Abominations" lyrics better the structure and riffs maybe a little better on "ENDGAME" however.
2136;9;Megadeth made a really fresh album here.
2136;10;For those who are not into it yet, I'd recommend listening to it while you're driving for at least a couple weeks and then see how you feel about it...This album does have a progressive metal sound to it, which is probably why I love it so much.
2139;1;Look Coldplay is at their top form on this cd, and the videos supporting these songs are quite good as well, I know there are a lot of haters out there that just can't get  past , well hating!
2139;2;their best album to date
2139;3;It's very pretty and soothing and mellow
2139;4;their best album to date
2139;5;their best album to date
2139;6;their best album to date
2139;7;The entire album is uplifting and positive, which makes a long road trip go fast.
2139;8;I have a few of Coldplays albums and always find nice messages and clever lyrics that take me and my mind to a different place.
2139;9;So I was surprised to see so much upbeat, positive, and fun songs on this album, almost as colorful and diverse as their cover.
2139;10;I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend and she loves it.
2138;1;From beginning to end really good music!
2138;2;This has hints of the Voodoo era D'Angelo but it's clear he's grown and matured and has further solidified his place as one of the top artists of this genre.
2138;3;From beginning to end really good music!
2138;4;This has hints of the Voodoo era D'Angelo but it's clear he's grown and matured and has further solidified his place as one of the top artists of this genre.
2138;5;It's crazy and wonderful...I'd read somewhere that D'Angelo wanted this album to be his version of the Beach Boys' Smile, and listening to this record that's exactly the vibe one gets.
2138;6;This has hints of the Voodoo era D'Angelo but it's clear he's grown and matured and has further solidified his place as one of the top artists of this genre.
2138;7;Black Messiah is fun, quirky, groovy, and a heady, soulful trip.
2138;8;The cd reminds me of vintage Sly & the Family Stone & Prince with modern/current lyrics.
2138;9;Black Messiah is fun, quirky, groovy, and a heady, soulful trip.
2138;10;Play it a couple of times and you will be singing, head bobbing, and jamming.
2116;1;Yes, its probably impossible to truely decide which one is the best because they are all fantastic, but this is a damn good one.
2116;2;In this album, VU delivers a journey of love, lust, physical pleasures, pain, spiritual awakening, quiet desperation, catharsis, emancipation, confusion, reflection, humor...: of life itself.
2116;3;Sterling noted that this mix has the same dynamics as a good Rolling Stones' album.
2116;4;Unlike the noisy European Son and Sister Ray this one is actually rather subdued (though very weird) as Reed and Tucker engage in call-and-answer vocal performances that add an unsettled feeling to the piece...Altogether this album is without a single weak moment, and is a great place to start your education in the VU.
2116;5;Of course this has all to do with the fact that the wonderful box set comes with the version of their third album that Lou remixed himself in order to focus on singer and lyrics.
2116;6;God, I love to cook to this music...give me 300 bux worth of good groceries....this CD...some good pans and 3 lbs.
2116;7;But Reed was always the band's driving force, and the way he embraced abstract pop textures at this time was more rewarding than anything he's done before or since..."Pale Blue Eyes," the band's best song, is a gorgeous low-tempo Reed-ish ballad.
2116;8;It has just enough detail in the lyrics to sketch a picture, but whoever sings it can bring their own emotions to it.
2116;9;Though 'Loaded' and the first album contain my absolute favorite VU songs ('Sweet Jane', 'Rock & Roll', 'Sunday Morning', and 'All Tomorrow's Parties'), this album is the definitive one to own.
2116;10;Maintains a softer (even romantic) groove throughout.
2117;1;On about half the album he he backs himself playing piano and does a very good job, the other half he backs himself on guitar which I really enjoyed.
2117;2;Only a couple are bad and 98% of all released are excellent.
2117;3;The one exception is a longish, good humoured chat before the last track, Flying On The Ground Is Wrong, and here it is good to get a flavour of the man himself.
2117;4;Five colleges, each with a great auditorium, gym or outdoor place for shows that were very affordable
2117;5;The one exception is a longish, good humoured chat before the last track, Flying On The Ground Is Wrong, and here it is good to get a flavour of the man himself.
2117;6;The one exception is a longish, good humoured chat before the last track, Flying On The Ground Is Wrong, and here it is good to get a flavour of the man himself.
2117;7;The one exception is a longish, good humoured chat before the last track, Flying On The Ground Is Wrong, and here it is good to get a flavour of the man himself.
2117;8;Such beauty and power, emotion and melody.
2117;9;Fun to hear live, early Neil.
2117;10;This is Neil...I love it
2118;1;As for the vocals, I love them, and B.J.  Armstrong has a good voice.
2118;2;This shows Green Day's true and blue sounds.
2118;3;As for the vocals, I love them, and B.J.  Armstrong has a good voice.
2118;4;It is beautiful while being sarcastic.
2118;5;This CD has typical Green Day songs (Nice Guys Finish Last, The Grouch, All The Time, Jinx) but the main focus on Nimrod is more ballad-ish type songs (Good Riddance, Prostetic Head, Worry Rock, Scattered, Redundant, Uptight).
2118;6;Better than your house or your car.
2118;7;Better than your house or your car.
2118;8;Good luck figuring out the lyrics cause they don't have them  in the lyric book.
2118;9;One of the best things in the world is when you can  put a CD in your CD player, and listen to it the WHOLE way through without  having to go skip songs, with this album you don't have to, because all the  songs are high quality and fun to listen to.
2118;10;As for the vocals, I love them, and B.J.  Armstrong has a good voice.
2119;1;I was pleased to find it in such good shape.
2119;2;There's not a bad song to be found here, and it  will probably have you longing for the days when Prince was this diplomatic  with his band members and let everyone join the fun.
2119;3;I was pleased to find it in such good shape.
2119;4;"Girls & Boys" is another funk workout that perfectly capture's its author's horny narcissism with the simple line, "She had the cutest ass he'd ever seen/She did 2, they were meant 2 be."
2119;5;The album concludes with the darkly chorded jazz-folk ballad "Sometimes It Snows In April" which,driven by acoustic guitar and the somewhat bittersweet lyrical focus is at least one music nod to another of Prince's musical influences: Joni Mitchell.
2119;6;This album is also home to one of those great lost Prince classic eclectic pop songs in "Mountains"
2119;7;The album concludes with the darkly chorded jazz-folk ballad "Sometimes It Snows In April" which,driven by acoustic guitar and the somewhat bittersweet lyrical focus is at least one music nod to another of Prince's musical influences: Joni Mitchell.
2119;8;But it's an amazingly dense, multi-layered production with some great, idiosyncratic lyrics, i.e. "No one plays the clarinet/The way you play my heart."
2119;9;I loved "Kiss" when I first heard it--it took my cousin hearing it nice and loud at a party to finally come around.
2119;10;love it one of my favs
2112;1;Going into "2000 Man", which is a very good song and finishing side one with a reprise of the first song "Sing This All Together(See What Happens)" The second side starts with the classic "She's A Rainbow" and then a very underrated pair "The Lantern" and "Gomper" before going into a fantastic Stones song "2000 Light Years From Home" before closing with "On With The Show" A Brilliant album!
2112;2;Nicky Hopkins does some of his finest work here on the keys, evoking a wistful, timeless place where "the sea and the sky and the castles were blue".
2112;3;Speedy delivery and a good seller on Amazon.
2112;4;The album sported wonderful artwork, complete with that 3-D cover...Many fans and rock critics have never been too kind to this album, because it's so far removed from their R&B roots.
2112;5;...Here the peasants come and crawl, You can hear their numbers called..."  I always loved the lyrics
2112;6;200 light years From Home is the best song on  the album.
2112;7;And happily did I take that trip..... 2008 RAPWreckerds
2112;8;The lyrics evoke many exotic  images, while the beautiful melodies, tones, and harmonies evoke many  moods.
2112;9;No doubt Mick & Keith were having some fun with this one, commenting on their cloistered existence as pop stars, and venting their antipathy toward conventional society.
2112;10;I love it because it is totally original and  it is unlike any other recording ever made.
2113;1;This song makes me feel good.
2113;2;Shelton has a nice and relaxed style of singing, even on sad ole country songs like Bet You Still Think About Me
2113;3;This song makes me feel good.
2113;4;Go Ahead and Break My Heart is great too.
2113;5;Go Ahead and Break My Heart is great too.
2113;6;Always get to work or home in a good mood.
2113;7;It's another perfect driving collection from Blake.
2113;8;Sheltons rich baritone voice, with its distinctive country twang, caresses the lyrics he sings with great feeling, making each song easy to listen to.
2113;9;And, "Straight Outta Cold Beer" is just plain fun!
2113;10;I love Blake Shelton and this latest album is great!
2114;1;this cd is really a good one.
2114;2;It wasn't until years later that... people like me... realized how great their music was and still is.
2114;3;this cd is really a good one.
2114;4;It wasn't until years later that... people like me... realized how great their music was and still is.
2114;5;It wasn't until years later that... people like me... realized how great their music was and still is.
2114;6;It wasn't until years later that... people like me... realized how great their music was and still is.
2114;7;It wasn't until years later that... people like me... realized how great their music was and still is.
2114;8;Its lyrics are as relevant and applicable to day as they were in the 1960s.
2114;9;If you have just heard the name, or heard only one of the songs, do not hesitate to pick this up
2114;10;I love every song on this CD.
2115;1;Everything that makes rock n roll so good.
2115;2;Both songs are current live favorites.
2115;3;Everything that makes rock n roll so good.
2115;4;Both songs are current live favorites.
2115;5;For me this adds an extra edge of credibility to this album that keeps it fresh even today....Revisionist history aside, the main focus of the band (until his departure for Broadway of all things!)
2115;6;She can have her Mercedes and her nice house.
2115;7;Both songs are current live favorites.
2115;8;Even when a song has inane lyrics it is still listenable because the musicianship is very good.
2115;9;Outside the big three though, there's loads more hooks and fun to keep you coming back for more.
2115;10;A couple of heavy hits ("18 And Life", "Youth Gone Wild")
2124;1;This is good and like several other's here have written, it sounds as if these guys are enjoying what they are doing.
2124;2;It's a shame it too them this long to get together, but it's worth the wait...There is not a bad song on here and most of them are outstanding.
2124;3;This is good and like several other's here have written, it sounds as if these guys are enjoying what they are doing.
2124;4;Hearing them together is positively mind boggling.
2124;5;And finally Joe, its so good to hear you in a band, dude, Ive been a EVH fan for a long,long time, but I have to admit, he cant hold your pick....Thanks so much Fellas if you read this, this summer will rock, thanks again...If you love rock you MUST get this record.
2124;6;Hearing them together is positively mind boggling.
2124;7;Every song is great and if you listen while driving you might want to use cruise control or you will find your self getting pulled over.
2124;8;The lyrics although not particularly poetic are honest  inspirational and seem very appropriate for this band.
2124;9;The music soars even before you blend in the vocals...This album for me is a blend between nostalgia and modern rock, but really fun and refreshing because we haven't gotten anything like this in a while.
2124;10;Bottom Line....this album is a must have in your collection, especially if you are a true fan of rock, an aspiring musician or just love to have something groovin in the background...The pairing of Chad Smith and Joe Satriani is the most exciting thing to happen in rock in a long while.
2125;1;It's a fun song with a good heart, and certainly reflects a situation that's been increasingly common since American women realised in the '60s and '70s that they have as much of a right to be interesting as men do
2125;2;This album is very poignant and melancholy because of the sadness behind the songs, but don't out rule it if you aren't in a sad mood.
2125;3;'Cruel' has some of the best lyrics: 'I can be cruel, I don't know why' ... good stuff.
2125;4;Up  until this masterpiece came out.
2125;5;She sculpts the music into vast masses of sound that collide--another reviewer hit it when he said that she stopped pushing the emotional buttons and truly focused on the immensity of human experience.
2125;6;You've got a playboy mommy, come home...But I'll be home, I'll be home, to take you in my arms."
2125;7;"Raspberry Swirl" could be a perfect dance song with its relentless, driving beat.
2125;8;'Cruel' has some of the best lyrics: 'I can be cruel, I don't know why' ... good stuff.
2125;9;"Raspberry Swirl" could be a perfect dance song with its relentless, driving beat.
2125;10;I've always loved the sound of Tori Amos, how she plays the piano and how she constructs her songs.
2126;1;I think the over all sound quality of this album is very good.
2126;2;It is a deeply felt and stirring work that gives voice to the sorrows, fears, and pain of the 99%.
2126;3;You use your muscle and your mind and you pray your best.That your best is good enough, the Lord will do the rest.You raise your children and you teach 'them to walk straight and sure.You pray that hard times, hard times, come no more.You try to sleep, you toss and turn, the bottom's dropping out.Where you once had faith now there's only doubt.
2126;4;This is inspiring well played music.
2126;5;A fantastic case study of the struggle to remain hopeful in the harsh realities of America...The album doesn't hold up quite as well in the middle.
2126;6;The response was quickly and the product came safe to my home, it was a good buy.
2126;7;"American Land" is about the drive of millions of immigrants to survive and succeed in America.
2126;8;Now thirty-four years after that album he is looking to similar emotions for his new album as well...  Musically this is very much of a hybrid.
2126;9;This song is a reminder that all people are united together in the spirit of friendship and brotherhood.
2126;10;I Love this CD...its a Great effort by Bruce and the band and for me, the Best he has Done since the Rising!
2127;1;This album is so good that you could legitimately  say, "It's the best ever" and not be laughed out of the room.
2127;2;The Nelson Riddle arrangements are extraordinary, lush, and achingly sad...the instruments seem to be sighing and weeping at times.
2127;3;This is what I recommend: forget about all the stuff you have heard both good and bad about Frank Sinatra over the years and listen to how he does these songs.
2127;4;One of the saddest and most beautiful records of all time.
2127;5;From the haunting melody of "Only the Lonely" (written expressly for Sinatra by Jimmy van Heusen and Sammy Cahn) to Arlen and Mercer's magnificent "Blues in the Night" and "One for My Baby (and One More for the Road)," Ronnell's "Willow, Weep for Me," and Rodgers and Hart's "Spring Is Here," Sinatra, his voice creamy and focused, his pitch and rhythm perfect, sustains an unbroken mood of intimate melancholy.
2127;6;Everything about this screams class - the opening salvo of double-bass and lone voice as he sings "...my mama done told me...a woman will give you the big eye...but when the sweet talk is done...she'll leave you to sing..." Even prettier is the acoustic guitar on "Guess I'll Hang My Tears Out To Dry" - so sweet too as the strings carry it home.
2127;7;One of the saddest and most beautiful records of all time.
2127;8;How could you discount such an incredible voice that  could pack this much emotion through equally great phrasing?
2127;9;They perform their hearts outsing and dance up a storm.
2127;10;For 50 years this album has traditionally helped me overcome the breakup with a number of girlfriends...Timeless, eh, either you love Sinatra or you've never heard him sing!
2120;1;"Guilty"is such a fantastic  song.
2120;2;"The Love Inside"- a very sad, but very touching song.
2120;3;This album is very good in its own way, despite one song that I cannot stand.
2120;4;I own the half-speed  mastered CBS LP and the recording quality ranks with the best I've ever  heard.
2120;5;I frankly enjoyed One Voice better than her 1996 Concert Tour, as Once Voice featured 2 songs from Guilty, while her 96 tour focused on her Broadway and Hollywood show/movie tunes and other more traditional recordings...Guilty, the original Guilty Pleasure!
2120;6;The ingredients that Gibb cooked up for this album are so delicious that even non-Streisand fans ate it up...For those who haven't heard this historic opus, I highly suggest picking up a copy of the newly remastered Dual Disc- it is absolutely phenomenal.
2120;7;You find yourself singing along with lyrics like "I am a woman in love and I'll do anything to get you into my world and hold you within,..." just make sure you are lone in your car or the kids are playing outside, it possess you with hopeless abandon.
2120;8;Run Wild does have some unique lyrics and just sounds very beautiful.
2120;9;A really fun track, especially if you want to dance.
2120;10;Not only does this play at night, with a loved one over dinner, it plays in the summer when all that techno buzzes through the air.
2121;1;I'm so happy I approached this album with an open mind and I'm enjoying the album even more after repeated listens.
2121;2;I play it and enjoy it, so that is godo enough for me....
2121;3;The track Repentless is awesome and to me classic Slayer - Gary Holt's solo work has always been impressive in his live set's and in the studio it's equally just as good.
2121;4;I play it and enjoy it, so that is godo enough for me....
2121;5;I play it and enjoy it, so that is godo enough for me....
2121;6;I play it and enjoy it, so that is godo enough for me....
2121;7;I play it and enjoy it, so that is godo enough for me....
2121;8;Their sound is tight, their lyrics as always are wild!
2121;9;I play it and enjoy it, so that is godo enough for me....
2121;10;Second best song: Take control (compare the intro to that of Supremist on Christ Illusion album, coupled with the low tones it has a very similar sound but yet a very different and new feel).3.
2122;1;Kelly's voice is truly amazing and I highly recommend this CD to anyone that enjoys good pop-rock sung by an extremely talented singer.
2122;2;That is a good thing not a bad thing!
2122;3;That is a good thing not a bad thing!
2122;4;She really gives herself a great voacal workout and shows off her magnificent voice on "Anytime", "Some Kind of Miracle" and The Trouble With Love is".
2122;5;I brought "Thankful" on the strength of "Miss Independent", on an article I read about her and on "Australian Idol".
2122;6;Starting off the album is the stunning jazz/blues ballad The Trouble With Love Is.
2122;7;The rock song, great to listen to in the car.
2122;8;That is a good thing not a bad thing!
2122;9;Thankful is a fun, mid tempo track written by Kelly, and then she ends with Anytime, a dramatic power ballad.
2122;10;Starting off the album is the stunning jazz/blues ballad The Trouble With Love Is.
2123;1;Will enjoy for many years.
2123;2;As they mature as performers they will be long admired and remembered.
2123;3;Their second, Perhaps Love, is equally good and includes solos.
2123;4;As they mature as performers they will be long admired and remembered.
2123;5;As they mature as performers they will be long admired and remembered.
2123;6;As they mature as performers they will be long admired and remembered.
2123;7;I've always enjoyed this type of music, so blaring it in my car while I'm driving happens on occasion.
2123;8;She demonstrates a purity of tone like crystal, almost like a boy treble, on Ave Maria and now a beautiful full richness in the lower registers...I have never heard a tenor sing with such power and spine tingling emotion as Jonathan does for Canto Della Terra.
2123;9;The magic in this friendship clearly lies in the good hearted nature they share and show to the world.
2123;10;Love this record and for Jonathan and Charlotte's God given talent.
2167;1;This greatest hits is good but it don't do this legend justice you have to buy his albums to really get into Haggard.
2167;2;The recording is outstanding and there is not a bad selection on this long CD.
2167;3;This greatest hits is good but it don't do this legend justice you have to buy his albums to really get into Haggard.
2167;4;This greatest hits is good but it don't do this legend justice you have to buy his albums to really get into Haggard.
2167;5;This greatest hits is good but it don't do this legend justice you have to buy his albums to really get into Haggard.
2167;6;This greatest hits is good but it don't do this legend justice you have to buy his albums to really get into Haggard.
2167;7;The sound is extraordinary as is the running time and liner notes and overall a great CD that included his famous duets with the great Johnny Cash(from the CASH CD Solitary Man),and the classic Willie Nelson cut Pancho and Lefty  as well as a newer track with Toby Keith spanning a trip down memory lane circa 1962- 2005.
2167;8;The recording is outstanding and there is not a bad selection on this long CD.
2167;9;This greatest hits is good but it don't do this legend justice you have to buy his albums to really get into Haggard.
2167;10;Merle Haggard is a LEGEND in my books his music and words to his songs are deep and I love it.
2166;1;He's got a fun, challenging and rewarding job as President at Def Jam and he's very good at it - 26 2008 Grammy nominations
2166;2;Jay-Z does a good job of disguising what the real meaning of the song is, which in my opinion, is about how much people actually need "blue magic" and the affects on them if they don't have it at the current time or if they are fighting the addiction of it.
2166;3;He's got a fun, challenging and rewarding job as President at Def Jam and he's very good at it - 26 2008 Grammy nominations
2166;4;"and I sport fly s*** I should win an Espy".
2166;5;Just read the below lyrics from the album, you'll understand..."Yo Boy's off the wall these other n***** is Tito"<-this one's pretty out there and sophisticated.
2166;6;As much as I love the album, to me, it would be the perfect story if Hello Brooklyn and Ignorant **** were bonus tracks at the end of the album.
2166;7;As much as I love the album, to me, it would be the perfect story if Hello Brooklyn and Ignorant **** were bonus tracks at the end of the album.
2166;8;His lyrics are more polished, and communicate the world of inner city suffering and "make do with nothing" --in unforgettable ways...The second cut, "Pray" is, I think, the finest song he has ever produced, with depth of feeling and truth I have not found elsewhere.
2166;9;He's got a fun, challenging and rewarding job as President at Def Jam and he's very good at it - 26 2008 Grammy nominations
2166;10;As much as I love the album, to me, it would be the perfect story if Hello Brooklyn and Ignorant **** were bonus tracks at the end of the album.
2165;1;It is fun to follow the progression of this band through their earlier works.
2165;2;It has solid melodic metal on it and not a bad song.
2165;3;Aerosmith have made many albums just as good as this, which is an incredible testament to the bands longevity and talent.
2165;4;The band is like a lump of coal which through practice and a hectic road schedule and determination evolves into one of the shining diamonds of rock and roll.
2165;5;The band is like a lump of coal which through practice and a hectic road schedule and determination evolves into one of the shining diamonds of rock and roll.
2165;6;The band is like a lump of coal which through practice and a hectic road schedule and determination evolves into one of the shining diamonds of rock and roll.
2165;7;The band is like a lump of coal which through practice and a hectic road schedule and determination evolves into one of the shining diamonds of rock and roll.
2165;8;Although not filled with hits like 'Toys in the Attic', this  has a great amount of emotion and guts into it.
2165;9;It is fun to follow the progression of this band through their earlier works.
2165;10;If you are an Aerosmith fan or just love classic rock or  rock in general, get this album, and get your wings!
2164;1;This is 24 unbroken minutes of truly fantastic music...Hardcore DT fans will think this is a good "next link in the chain."
2164;2;This new cd was a well needed one to bring balance to the DT catalog of releases...For the people who wrote negative or unsure reviews of this cd, I say to them: "Just open your minds a tiny bit and you'll have to agree that this is one of DT best cd's ever!"
2164;3;The second song is a ballad and is probably the weakest on the album, but it is still a good tune and worth many listens.
2164;4;It was much better the second time around and I have a feeling it will get better each time I hear it.
2164;5;On one hand I love the ability to read intelligient reviews of new and old material by my favorite musicians.
2164;6;SfaM was the band's final goodbye to their early roots, and they are at home pushing forward, not looking back on illustrious "golden days"...There's still the crunch: tracks like "The Root of All Evil" continues the epic life jouney of the band's drummer, Mike Portnoy, on his struggle with alchoholism, and is the third installment of what (I'm expecting) will be a possible future concept album.
2164;7;It was great from the first listen and it will remain in my car's CD player for a long while.
2164;8;There are still long tracks on Octavarium but they don't drag and while the title track clocks in at 24 minutes and has a strong Pink Floyd influence, right down to listing one of their song titles in the lyrics, it stays interesting throughout.
2164;9;Panic Attack is a very heavy tune that is fun to listen to.
2164;10;I did not like and still don't love a couple of tracts but the others are so awesome and so different from ToT.
2163;1;Fantastic 1971 live Humble Pie album,so good to have it on CD.
2163;2;You can hear the "cast of  thousands" just having a really good time.
2163;3;You can hear the "cast of  thousands" just having a really good time.
2163;4;You can hear the "cast of  thousands" just having a really good time.
2163;5;I read the reviews of this record and saw comments like:  "best live record of the 70s", "pure energy", "Marriott was incredible", "under-rated masterpiece".
2163;6;You can hear the "cast of  thousands" just having a really good time.
2163;7;I got in the car to escape that sugary racket.
2163;8;You can hear the "cast of  thousands" just having a really good time.
2163;9;You can hear the "cast of  thousands" just having a really good time.
2163;10;As an old rock & roll boomer I still love the extended jams and  "Gilded Splinters" is to me one of the all-time classics.
2162;1;If you can appreciate great musicians, at the top of their game, if you enjoy fantastic songwriting, if you want to hear a band on the verge of breaking out, you must BUY THIS DISK!
2162;2;Twenty-eight years ago, when I was right in the middle of high school, I discovered the incredible Jethro Tull.
2162;3;Tull made other interesting and good music but those 3 albums are their best.
2162;4;Twenty-eight years ago, when I was right in the middle of high school, I discovered the incredible Jethro Tull.
2162;5;Twenty-eight years ago, when I was right in the middle of high school, I discovered the incredible Jethro Tull.
2162;6;A darker,deeper, more heartfelt effort yet the lyrics are driven home with an incredible sense of passion and fury by the band.
2162;7;A darker,deeper, more heartfelt effort yet the lyrics are driven home with an incredible sense of passion and fury by the band.
2162;8;It's got a lot of stuff you'll find on the masterpiece Aqualung: rocking electric guitar parts, beautiful keyboard and acoustic guitar passages, the flute, and Ian Anderson's well-thought lyrics.
2162;9;"Teacher" is such a fun song, and the instantly recognizable bass line intro still gets the blood pumping!
2162;10;I have gone on to love all kinds of music, but these songs retain a unique place in my heart.
2161;1;I have listened to HEROES and LODGER(both of interest)but somehow i always go back to LOW which remains my favorite BOWIE album
2161;2;In a career that has been all about breaking new ground, this is  arguably Bowie's finest hour.
2161;3;Hear the sound of a broken man retreating into himself for safety and healing...A good listen when you need a catharsis.
2161;4;In a career that has been all about breaking new ground, this is  arguably Bowie's finest hour.
2161;5;Difficult to get your head around, but extremely rewarding once you do, LOW is full of atmospheric, ambient  instrumentals ( the obvious influence of Eno ) , short, punchy, rhythmic rockers ( some instrumental, some not ) and includes one of Bowie's best songs ever, "Sound and Vision", which could be seen as sort of a theme song for his entire career ( read the lyrics, and ponder....).
2161;6;The sheer creative energy and musical talent of Bowie seemed to have increased exponentially with each release in the 70's...After the success of Station to Station, Bowie moved to Berlin to assume a 'lower' profile as he cleaned up from his serious cocaine addiction.
2161;7;"Breaking glass", "sound and vision" and "always  crashing in the same car" are absolute classics!
2161;8;A nice mix of searing guitar  and keyboards with lyrics that are terse and thought provoking.
2161;9;Mainly what I hear on this one is, side one: fun, side two: mood.
2161;10;Tough call with ziggy, station to station and diamond dogs which i truly love.
2160;1;and enjoy this new effort from one of the underrated singers in the music business right now.
2160;2;Its obvious this cd was meant for the mid  20's to 30's generation Ms. Hathaway is a breath of fresh air in a smoke field world...if you want relaxing soulful, jazzy cd then Lalah Hathaway is the right choice to go.
2160;3;Its obvious this cd was meant for the mid  20's to 30's generation Ms. Hathaway is a breath of fresh air in a smoke field world...if you want relaxing soulful, jazzy cd then Lalah Hathaway is the right choice to go.
2160;4;Its obvious this cd was meant for the mid  20's to 30's generation Ms. Hathaway is a breath of fresh air in a smoke field world...if you want relaxing soulful, jazzy cd then Lalah Hathaway is the right choice to go.
2160;5;Its obvious this cd was meant for the mid  20's to 30's generation Ms. Hathaway is a breath of fresh air in a smoke field world...if you want relaxing soulful, jazzy cd then Lalah Hathaway is the right choice to go.
2160;6;Its obvious this cd was meant for the mid  20's to 30's generation Ms. Hathaway is a breath of fresh air in a smoke field world...if you want relaxing soulful, jazzy cd then Lalah Hathaway is the right choice to go.
2160;7;Its obvious this cd was meant for the mid  20's to 30's generation Ms. Hathaway is a breath of fresh air in a smoke field world...if you want relaxing soulful, jazzy cd then Lalah Hathaway is the right choice to go.
2160;8;Real smooth jazzy dope tracks, a beautiful voice, and some grown up lyrics.
2160;9;Its obvious this cd was meant for the mid  20's to 30's generation Ms. Hathaway is a breath of fresh air in a smoke field world...if you want relaxing soulful, jazzy cd then Lalah Hathaway is the right choice to go.
2160;10;I have followed her career since the beginning, seen her in concert, and loved her smooth sounds.
2175;1;Axl surprises lyrically on this track delivering a mix of on the sleeve emotion and deep rooted sympathy worn like a badge earned from hard luck...Street of Dreams- Fantastic old school GNR intro that builds into a masterpiece of clever lyrics and not too lengthy solos.
2175;2;Don't get me wrong I like Slash but Buckethead is in a whole other league of guitarist and Buckethead brings a whole new dimension to GnR - too bad he didn't stick around to record some more CDs with GnR - The Rio 2001 concert DVD with GnR and Buckethead is great.
2175;3;Even a distinct strand of rudimentary Jay Z-like trip-hop forms and informs the track "Better"...While it doesn't quite attain the label of flawless (which is in some ways a GOOD thing
2175;4;It is also of note, though, for featuring a full choir, even if the vocals from said choir are used as an afterthought.
2175;5;Axl has always written with lots of emotion, and much of it remains focused on the ups and downs of relationships.
2175;6;And some more soaring clean vocals and occasional beeping keyboards crop up later on
2175;7;It is piano and guitar driven in a way that calls to mind "November Rain".
2175;8;Axl surprises lyrically on this track delivering a mix of on the sleeve emotion and deep rooted sympathy worn like a badge earned from hard luck...Street of Dreams- Fantastic old school GNR intro that builds into a masterpiece of clever lyrics and not too lengthy solos.
2175;9;Honestly, if you are looking for Slash here, listening to this CD will be like chewing chewing aluminum foil ... fun for the first 1.25 seconds but then it will get annoying...In addition, the arrangements are truly worth studying and I believe Axl had much to do with that.
2175;10;A touching balled concerning an estranged love, fans of "November Rain" should like this and Finck really shines on his solo.
2174;1;Brought back memories of the "Good Ole Days!
2174;2;Terrific voice and terrific songs from a terrific and brave human being!
2174;3;Brought back memories of the "Good Ole Days!
2174;4;Livvy's real fans know that she is so much more than Sandy from "Grease" or the singer of the ultimate '80s double-entendre workout anthem, and this excellent hits collection helps to illustrate that point.
2174;5;Terrific voice and terrific songs from a terrific and brave human being!
2174;6;Terrific voice and terrific songs from a terrific and brave human being!
2174;7;Great music to drive to when I feel nostalgic...except for some of the disco era songs.
2174;8;Olivia and John complement each other very well on this rather upbeat tune and that's grand..."Hopelessly Devoted To You" stuns me with its beauty and there's a certain innocence to the lyrics that many people can identify with when they are young and in love
2174;9;"Physical" also got a lot of airplay when it was first released
2174;10;"Please Mr. Please"
2173;1;So fun to enjoy, we're neglecting our other CDs.
2173;2;Alicia then sounds confident and triumphant with:"But it's time for me to SHINE!!
2173;3;this one has a different sound to it, but it's still good.
2173;4;Alicia then sounds confident and triumphant with:"But it's time for me to SHINE!!
2173;5;And it seems that her and her producers made more of an effort to shift and make her voice the focus of the music instead of the piano being the co-star along with her.
2173;6;And once you get into the album, she carries it home with songs that are best played one after another for a complete experience...Ever since her release of "Falling," I've been waiting for an A. Keys album to match the magic of that single...and this is finally it.
2173;7;I have to admit, it took repeated listening to get into...Lead off single "No one" is a sparse piano sprinkled song set to a gently thumping beat, a raw yearning vocal delivery, and an oh so faint reggae touch...The piano/organ driven "Superwoman" is pure sixties/seventies soul, with lyrics extolling women in various roles and lovely harmonies.
2173;8;There's a maturity and a sound in her voice that is all her own, and theres something very personal and deep in the lyrics and the emotion she packs into each song.
2173;9;So fun to enjoy, we're neglecting our other CDs.
2173;10;"Reckless Love"is a thoughtful song where Alicia is longing for the BLUE-hot RAW passion that was present at the start of her current relationship,which has apparently "cooled-off.
2172;1;Great Music and good transaction.
2172;2;Chris Tomlin ---my wife sure loves his music
2172;3;Great Music and good transaction.
2172;4;Chris Tomlin ---my wife sure loves his music
2172;5;Chris Tomlin ---my wife sure loves his music
2172;6;Chris Tomlin ---my wife sure loves his music
2172;7;Chris Tomlin ---my wife sure loves his music
2172;8;His lyric have such meaning in my life.
2172;9;Chris Tomlin ---my wife sure loves his music
2172;10;Chris Tomlin ---my wife sure loves his music
2171;1;switch 625 just rocks, crank it up loud and enjoy, good riff.
2171;2;Lady Strange (a glimpse of things to come...the muting of the guitar followed by clean, hard power chords), Hit and Run (a great showcase of the power of Joe Elliot), Bringing on the Heartbreak (feel that classic bending and sad sound created by the haunting master Steve Clark), and my favorite....Mirror, Mirror (you can hear shades of Pyromania in this song....the sound is strong, soulful and powerful...nobody does it like this !!!)
2171;3;Give me a freakin' break, just make some good rock'n roll music, okay?
2171;4;Give me a freakin' break, just make some good rock'n roll music, okay?
2171;5;Give me a freakin' break, just make some good rock'n roll music, okay?
2171;6;Lady Strange (a glimpse of things to come...the muting of the guitar followed by clean, hard power chords), Hit and Run (a great showcase of the power of Joe Elliot), Bringing on the Heartbreak (feel that classic bending and sad sound created by the haunting master Steve Clark), and my favorite....Mirror, Mirror (you can hear shades of Pyromania in this song....the sound is strong, soulful and powerful...nobody does it like this !!!)
2171;7;Great instrumental, very guitar driven.
2171;8;Lady Strange (a glimpse of things to come...the muting of the guitar followed by clean, hard power chords), Hit and Run (a great showcase of the power of Joe Elliot), Bringing on the Heartbreak (feel that classic bending and sad sound created by the haunting master Steve Clark), and my favorite....Mirror, Mirror (you can hear shades of Pyromania in this song....the sound is strong, soulful and powerful...nobody does it like this !!!)
2171;9;Joe Elliot decided that it was more fun singing silly love songs to teen age girls, and the party ended for the head bangers.
2171;10;I love big guitar sound on this album.
2170;1;"Hurts So Good", "Authority Song", "Pink Houses" and "R.O.C.K. in the USA" are just a few of the many songs I enjoyed listening to.
2170;2;I bought this CD on the basis of the above song and hoped for many other highlights.
2170;3;Ideally there should be a box set that allows some of the B sides of songs to get some renewed exposure to a greater audience...This collection is very good and will leave you humming one or two of the songs throughout the day.
2170;4;I bought this CD on the basis of the above song and hoped for many other highlights.
2170;5;I bought this CD on the basis of the above song and hoped for many other highlights.
2170;6;This one disc collection of most of his best known hits represents a body of work that signifies down home, mid-west roots rock and roll at it's very finest.
2170;7;Is a nice mix of his golden rock and roll hits with  some of his great softer sounding songs and he drives us with his endless rock and roll lyrics
2170;8;Is a nice mix of his golden rock and roll hits with  some of his great softer sounding songs and he drives us with his endless rock and roll lyrics
2170;9;Hurts So Good is also amazing, I mean the riff and the pounding drums make you wanna dance, or at least sing along.
2170;10;it was a great cd, I love john mellencamp music.i couldn't find this cd in any store anywhere here where I live
2169;1;Simply put, the outcome results is good pop music that people of all ages can enjoy.
2169;2;This is a great collection of happy/ sad romantic songs.
2169;3;It's so chilled and cool, relaxes ya and just takes you to another place...also a good rainy day cd...I also suggest checking out a edgier dido follower- Jem
2169;4;Clear soothing voice with meaningful lyrics.
2169;5;The actual music is better than this brief description reads.
2169;6;Dido did it again with her inmediate success 'Life For Rent'- the follow up to her smash album 'No Angel' featuring the hit single "white flag" plus "don't leave home", "life for rent" & "sand in my shoes".
2169;7;good for a peaceful ride in the car, or just having some quiet time for your self
2169;8;, do you have a little time( a woman who wants time from her partner or lover, see the sun(is a great song about a sad guy who is mourning something he lost and the key of his happiness will be a woman ... and life for rent(it means stability in life ....the lyrics of these songs are so powerful and deep...talks about events that happens between men and women  but in a very deep way.
2169;9;One, a really pretty girl at a party told me she loved it and two, I liked the cover.
2169;10;I cannot stop listening to it, and its not only because Dido's voice is so enchanting, all the songs on it are simply superb and I love not having to use the FF ( skip forward) button on it...She sounds like a sea at midnight in dreamy melancholy with sweet undertones.
2168;1;This is a very good re-release.
2168;2;This is by no means a "feel good" album, but as with most great art, most everything Layne did came from pain.
2168;3;This is a very good re-release.
2168;4;Mark lanegan on long gone day is my favorite.
2168;5;Mark lanegan on long gone day is my favorite.
2168;6;With that said you are probably already clicking this great album on the way to your house and about to witness some of the best music your ears have ever heard.
2168;7;"November Hotel" is great instrumental that builds into a guitar driven climax.
2168;8;a very touching calm song, which makes me cry now and then when I listen to it...not a traditionally sad song, the chords are pretty happy, but it's just a timeless country-ish song, but Layne's soft voice and tragic lyrics make it a beautiful masterpiece.
2168;9;Mark lanegan on long gone day is my favorite.
2168;10;I love the remastered version of this album even more than the original.
2150;1;If you enjoyed Dark Side of the Moon or The Wall by Pink Floyd, Melancholie and the Infinite Sadness by Smashing Pumpkins, or Amused to Death by Roger Waters, chances are you'll enjoy this CD as well...Unlike most bands categorized as progressive rock, Steven Wilson's Porcupine Tree has always been able to inject tons of emotion into the music, even as they perform songs that change times and tempos and weave intricate lines and melodies together.
2150;2;It has metal elements in it, and some of the songs on older albums sounds like the Ozric Tentacles...Its more like future Pink Floyd which isn't a bad thing.
2150;3;Steve is a good singer, etc..
2150;4;has some pink floyd elements in it
2150;5;While Steve Wilson and company admittedly strip down their sonic approach considerably for this particular effort, the group more than makes up for it with consistency and intense focus, making "Blank Planet" an intense listen from beginning to end...Loosely inspired by the similarly titled Public Enemy album, "Fear Of A Black Planet," Porcupine Tree's opus trades in racial tension for technological overload.
2150;6;"Fear of a blank planet" restate in a contemporary progressive sound a subject that, although already treated in the past -youth alienation produced by their relationship with the media (even they did so indirectly in the album "Stupid Dream")- hits home with a fresh rendition by PT.
2150;7;A concept piece that tells of a generation that is the product of Pharmaceutical driven indifference, longing to feel something... anything.
2150;8;It has metal elements in it, and some of the songs on older albums sounds like the Ozric Tentacles...Its more like future Pink Floyd which isn't a bad thing.
2150;9;has some pink floyd elements in it
2150;10;Fans of the last couple of years' harder-edged direction of Porcupine Tree will love the title cut and also or even especially the epic Anesthetize which feature's Rush's Alex Lifeson.
2151;1;There are small elements of electronica hear and there, as well as the newer U2 sound...I also believe that there is a good deal of emotion behind the music in this release.
2151;2;"Never Enough" is a right to the point song about a relationship gone bad that is easy to relate to.
2151;3;The rest of the CD is very good, especially Root of All Evil, Panic Attack, Never Enough and the excellent Sacrificed Sons.
2151;4;"Octavarium" has I think four or five style changes within it, so I can't really classify it with just one sound...Another one of my personal beliefs is that a band should end an album with their best and/or most epic piece.
2151;5;I have read many of the reviews posted here and I agree with alot of it.
2151;6;SfaM was the band's final goodbye to their early roots, and they are at home pushing forward, not looking back on illustrious "golden days"...There's still the crunch: tracks like "The Root of All Evil" continues the epic life jouney of the band's drummer, Mike Portnoy, on his struggle with alchoholism, and is the third installment of what (I'm expecting) will be a possible future concept album.
2151;7;"The Root of All Evil" is a heavy, driving piece, "The Answer Lies Within" is a slow ballad, "These Walls" is another driving piece with slightly more electronic influences, "I Walk Beside You" is probably the most uplifting-sounding of all the songs, "Panic Attack" is another driving piece with still more electronic influences, "Never Enough" sounds kind of like a Muse song, but ten times better, "Sacrificed Sons" is uplifting-sounding, but still nice and heavy, and "Octavarium" is just epic.
2151;8;Genious main riff, awesome solos, and great lyrics.
2151;9;But don't listen to the naysayers, this is a great, fun, and catchy song!
2151;10;I did not like and still don't love a couple of tracts but the others are so awesome and so different from ToT.
2148;1;Brings back the good ol days.
2148;2;Brings back the good ol days.
2148;3;Brings back the good ol days.
2148;4;Brings back the good ol days.
2148;5;Brings back the good ol days.
2148;6;Thanks Amazon, for continuing to offer great books, music and  movies for great home entertainment !!
2148;7;Great to listen to on a trip.
2148;8;The songs have beautiful lyrics as well.
2148;9;He is always great to listen to and put some roses and candles and slow dance into your life.
2148;10;I love all of the songs on this.
2149;1;They put so much emotion into their music & that's what makes it so good.
2149;2;If you like Piano Guys, this is a great addition to your collection.
2149;3;They put so much emotion into their music & that's what makes it so good.
2149;4;If you like Piano Guys, this is a great addition to your collection.
2149;5;If you like Piano Guys, this is a great addition to your collection.
2149;6;If you like Piano Guys, this is a great addition to your collection.
2149;7;If you like Piano Guys, this is a great addition to your collection.
2149;8;They put so much emotion into their music & that's what makes it so good.
2149;9;Renew your heart, soul, and mind with this music...Plus Batman Evolution is great fun, and a great video.
2149;10;Love the music and love the videos!
2146;1;It's about a car accident...All in all a great fantastic album.
2146;2;After Back in Black, they created another masterpiece.
2146;3;There's 1 or 2 songs that are not so good, but most of the album rocks like the classic title track, SNOWBALLED, SPELLBOUND, C.O.D and EVIL WALKS!!!!!
2146;4;After Back in Black, they created another masterpiece.
2146;5;After Back in Black, they created another masterpiece.
2146;6;After Back in Black, they created another masterpiece.
2146;7;Its great to blast while driving in your car down the street.
2146;8;Lyrics are well written and the guitar riffs are great!
2146;9;After Back in Black, they created another masterpiece.
2146;10;It's another sex song, but this is mainly about .....well....getting it up...Inject the Venom 5/5 - My favorite song from this album, love the chorus!
2147;1;Not as good as what was offered so far, but it's a fun little song with offbeat, wacky lyrics...I'll Kiss You: 7/10-I didn't like this track when I was a kid.
2147;2;The second disc has early demos of a lot of the most familiar songs, and while they're no earth-shattering revelation, they show how far Cyndi Lauper had come as an artist from her days with Blue Angel (which still, admittedly, may be some of her best work).
2147;3;I do believe this is her best record she put out every song is good most of her other stuff its a few songs here and there.
2147;4;The mp3 version is less expensive but true Cyndi Lauper fans will enjoy the whole package.
2147;5;The mp3 version is less expensive but true Cyndi Lauper fans will enjoy the whole package.
2147;6;I love the remixes, and the demo's of the hit songs that made Cyndi Lauper  a house hold name.
2147;7;I like to listen to it as a trip back to the 80s and my childhood, as well as the fact that it is just a great album...Money Changes Everything: 10/10-Great opening track with a rock sound.
2147;8;It's unusual lyrics and great music make it another stand-out track.
2147;9;She is a crazy performer doing fun things.
2147;10;I love her music, back in the day she was so cool how she dressed and looked.
2144;1;strong, full of good playing, and leaving the crowds happy at your show.
2144;2;"Black Peter" tells another great story - kind of sad though about a man lying on his death-bed, but the music is just awesome with harmonica and organ with the vocal harmonies mixing in perfectly!
2144;3;Lay down, turn the lights low, and  relax to some of the best music ever recorded.
2144;4;One of the hallmarks of this remarkable group was its versatility, and this album certainly demonstrates that.
2144;5;Even more astounding is the tight focus of the songwriting.
2144;6;Acoustic guitars are used most often, although lead guitarist Jerry Garcia occasionally plays leads on a clean sounding electric and provides some magnificent pedal-steel work.
2144;7;The songs are just fun (helpful hint: play Casey Jones in the car when driving with the kids as an updated "I've Been Workin' on the Railroad").
2144;8;The lyrics by Robert Hunter are also essential.
2144;9;Workingmans Dead (1970) is a wonderful studio album that is warm, inviting, and a whole lot of fun to listen to.
2144;10;Unlike American Beauty, it has absolutely no weak spots (Operator, as much as I love Pig songs, is really terrible), and is full of gorgeous country harmonies and bluesy romps- it is a classic of all time, regardless of your affinity for the Dead.
2145;1;She does a good job with remakes like "Choosy Lover," and  "Got to Give it Up."
2145;2;it's happy songs, sad songs and songs that will have you wondering.
2145;3;Don't expect variety...This is a great album to play while hanging out with friends
2145;4;Nearly every song here was worthy of release as a single since they all sport strong hooks, solid backing tracks and good (if not great) singing.
2145;5;Her second album showed Aaliyah developing a new more confident approach to her career and this was due to the fact that Timbaland and Missy Elliot produced the masterpiece, which enabled Aaliyah to take her music to a higher level...A highlight of the album is the love ballad 'One in a Million' which is a stunning track that focuses on the emotions that overwhelm us when we are in love with the one we have dreamed of all our life.
2145;6;I can remember dancing with friends at house parties back in 1994 to "Back & Forth".
2145;7;It's also without a doubt Aaliyah's best vocal performance on the album, making it better than it should be.
2145;8;Aaliyah has an amazing, soulful voice and the lyrics are strong and solid that do not repeat themselves.
2145;9;She can dance, sing and she looks good.
2145;10;She is often said to have had an intangible air of mystique and intruige- she rarely shed clothing in her videos (exception#2: "We Need A Resolution"), and this seeming modesty, coupled with an uncommonly mesmerising charisma and the moody, Timbaland-led production infused in her last two records, is perhaps why.
2158;1;The CD was in great shape and I enjoy the listening pleasure always.
2158;2;This is an excellent continuation of the volume 1 cd.
2158;3;It's got some great songs, and pretty good diversity, considering Vaughan's tragicallly abbreviated career.
2158;4;This is an excellent continuation of the volume 1 cd.
2158;5;A lot of SRV albums focus in on just his blues guitar playing but "Riveria Paradise" is one of the most beautiful pieces of solo guitar created.
2158;6;This is an excellent continuation of the volume 1 cd.
2158;7;This is an excellent continuation of the volume 1 cd.
2158;8;This is an excellent continuation of the volume 1 cd.
2158;9;This is an excellent continuation of the volume 1 cd.
2158;10;The CD came at a reasonable time in delivery and I love SRV with a passion.
2159;1;This early Rush album has a wonderful experimental quality to it as though they are enjoying themselves too much to be self-conscious about releasing their raw ideas.
2159;2;Geddy Lee's vocals aren't too bad on here and his bass playing was superb as always.
2159;3;Alex's guitar solos are as good as any in his career...Of the shorter songs on this album, I like the delightfully mellow Lakeside Park the best.
2159;4;While it's not the band's crowning achievement, CARESS OF STEEL is one of the band's finest early releases, sporting two popular tunes ("Bastille Day" and "Lakeside Park") and the band's first two epics, "The Necromancer" and "The Fountain of Lamnenth".
2159;5;The band produced multi-movement pieces based on mythic and medieval-like stories fused with Led Zeppelin-like hard rock to create a style and focus which was completely unique in rock history.
2159;6;"Panacea" an acoustic ballad with clean guitar doubling in the right channel.
2159;7;It was sure a pleasant trip though.
2159;8;Rush definitely put some effort in the arrangements and lyrics on this one.
2159;9;It has fun short rock songs, like "I'm going bald", and "Bastile Day".
2159;10;Later writing evolves more toward the philosophical treatise - - also wonderful, but Rush's early career was steeped in an imaginative mysticism with imagination rather than reason dominating the writing, and this is what I love so much.
2156;1;A good overall collection of Tom Petty songs.
2156;2;It holds its own against even the most classic tracks on this collection...Negatives:.
2156;3;A good overall collection of Tom Petty songs.
2156;4;If you are wanting a great sampling of Petty, buy it.
2156;5;If you are wanting a great sampling of Petty, buy it.
2156;6;If you are wanting a great sampling of Petty, buy it.
2156;7;This actually replaces the Cassette version I made years ago for road trips.
2156;8;If you are wanting a great sampling of Petty, buy it.
2156;9;so many great songs ,it's fun to listen to at any time or on any day!
2156;10;Buy it, listen to it, love it.
2157;1;"Love and Happiness", "Rain on the Scarecrow" and "Pink Houses" take a revealing (and rocking) look at how our country works (or doesn't) while cuts like "Check it Out", "Cherry Bomb", "Jack and Diane" and "Lonely Ol' Night" are "people songs" as good as Springsteen...Whatever the subject matter, John and his fantastic band keep the music, rocking and rolling.
2157;2;This record will expand your appreciation for his career, and you'll find new songs to love...3) The "student" of rock.
2157;3;So Sit back, relax & relive these songs again.
2157;4;This record will expand your appreciation for his career, and you'll find new songs to love...3) The "student" of rock.
2157;5;The "Scarecrow" video includes interviews and footage of framework and midwestern rural scenes that focus attention on the plight of the family farmer.
2157;6;To a lot of us who grew up in old houses in tiny towns with only the radio and family record player to teach us how to be cool-or at least let us know what it looked like-those rock records of the 1960's and 1970's had a power beyond calculation.
2157;7;When you really enjoy someone's CDs, it's a little hard to get used to a greatest hits collection because your always thinking of the song that normally follows the hit and the alternative seems out of place, but this is a very deep collection that is worth it on a drive through traffic or on a long trip in which the time will now fly.
2157;8;I'll enjoy listening to this album for many many years to come...The title Words and Music suggested to me that there would be lyrics included.
2157;9;Great car cruisin' & party music here folks!
2157;10;This record will expand your appreciation for his career, and you'll find new songs to love...3) The "student" of rock.
2154;1;Very good classical music rendered very well performed  by the orchestra!
2154;2;When you listen to the ones that are different from the one you are familiar with, you feel kind of disgusted, wether the performance is good or bad...So, it is important that you go with the best available version in the first place so you don't develop a bad taste for yourself...Carlos Kleiber is the greatest.
2154;3;When you listen to the ones that are different from the one you are familiar with, you feel kind of disgusted, wether the performance is good or bad...So, it is important that you go with the best available version in the first place so you don't develop a bad taste for yourself...Carlos Kleiber is the greatest.
2154;4;The Kleiber easily won, so maybe there is something special here after all.
2154;5;But the clarity and focus of the voices gives this reading a very unique direction.
2154;6;The recording, cleaned up using DG's original image bit processing, sounds rich and has excellent spatial definition.
2154;7;In the case of the Seventh, its second movement -an Allegretto plenty of pristine loveliness- the Conductor drives the Orchestra to make it Great and Lovely.
2154;8;Everything about the performances is perfect, from the articulation to the emotion.
2154;9;The first movement seems to have a particularly more fun feel to it, which is continued in the jaunty scherzo third movement.
2154;10;The critics and public loved it and rightly so.
2155;1;In between the smiles, the good vibrations of Wilsons writing are again tempered with his awareness of the passage of time.
2155;2;Don't Worry is my favorite song on the album, has a nice Blue Swede's remake of Never My Love vibe, from the 1970's for those who can still remember.
2155;3;In between the smiles, the good vibrations of Wilsons writing are again tempered with his awareness of the passage of time.
2155;4;As is the case with many great albums it takes more than one listen to get it.
2155;5;The spirit of that last Beach Boys record lives on here... From what I read, the genesis of "No Pier Pressure" was Brian Wilson initially set out make a follow-up Beach Boy record, and had already a few songs prepared with that in mind When the group split up again, and he channeled that project into this one...The songs are for the most part collaborations with other artists, all of whom are good, none of them well-known block-buster talent.
2155;6;As is the case with many great albums it takes more than one listen to get it.
2155;7;It ius good to play while on a country drive.
2155;8;And, the lyrics really moving.
2155;9;Runaway Dancer is a beach party with a disco beat.
2155;10;I have loved this man and his music for more than 50 years.
2152;1;90% of the songs on this CD are fantastic.
2152;2;This new album is not only a credit to George Strait's phenomenal career, but it attests to his ability to keep putting out some of the best country music ever.
2152;3;I'm not a huge fan of I've Just Seen God Today as a country song, but it's pretty good.
2152;4;This new album is not only a credit to George Strait's phenomenal career, but it attests to his ability to keep putting out some of the best country music ever.
2152;5;This is quite simply another perfect offering from the legendary Country Troubadour...I had to smile as I read the only three-star review for this album.
2152;6;"House of Cash" with Patti Loveless is a great tribute to the legendary Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash, based on the fire that posthumously burned down their house.
2152;7;This new album is not only a credit to George Strait's phenomenal career, but it attests to his ability to keep putting out some of the best country music ever.
2152;8;"Troubadour" by George Strait is one of these examples that still exist of what I call genuine country: horse riding, truck driving in the highway, life in the fields - far away from the madness of urban life - and heartaches...All of these things are reflected both in the lyrics and in the melody contained in this great piece of recording.
2152;9;This new album is not only a credit to George Strait's phenomenal career, but it attests to his ability to keep putting out some of the best country music ever.
2152;10;I have them all and I love every one of them.
2153;1;The sound quality is fantastic, and the liner notes make for a really good read...I highly recommend this collection.
2153;2;I could break the album down track by track, but in all honesty there isn't a bad one in the bunch...The album is a perfect introductory course in all things Deep Purple.
2153;3;Everyone keeps talking about how good they are, so I decided to try to get my hands on a copy of this.
2153;4;It's a great value and will hold a place near the front of the owner's CD cabinet.
2153;5;The sound quality is fantastic, and the liner notes make for a really good read...I highly recommend this collection.
2153;6;Music that I grew up with as a teen and still love it lesson to it on the road or at home
2153;7;Just a good cut of ROCK to blast in the car once in a while.
2153;8;I could break the album down track by track, but in all honesty there isn't a bad one in the bunch...The album is a perfect introductory course in all things Deep Purple.
2153;9;It's a great value and will hold a place near the front of the owner's CD cabinet.
2153;10;Strange Kind of Woman: I love this song and it's probably my favorite Deep Purple song from the pre-Machine Head albums, good catchy chorus.
2443;1;Other great songs I especially enjoy include "The Shadow Of Your Smile" sung by Bennett and that awesome Latin singer named Juanes
2443;2;I don't think there are any bad tracks on this album, but some of my favorites are "Lullaby of Broadway" (with the Dixie Chicks), "Smile" (with Barbra Streisand), "The Good Life" (with Billy Joel), "For Once in My Life" (with Stevie Wonder), and "The Best is Yet to Come" (with Diana Krall).
2443;3;I don't think there are any bad tracks on this album, but some of my favorites are "Lullaby of Broadway" (with the Dixie Chicks), "Smile" (with Barbra Streisand), "The Good Life" (with Billy Joel), "For Once in My Life" (with Stevie Wonder), and "The Best is Yet to Come" (with Diana Krall).
2443;4;I wish she would  use the incredible God-given talent she possesses and sing the notes.
2443;5;I wish she would  use the incredible God-given talent she possesses and sing the notes.
2443;6;Good product: clean and rapid deal.
2443;7;I wish she would  use the incredible God-given talent she possesses and sing the notes.
2443;8;I'm so impressed with their gorgeous duet that is almost like a serenade and with Spanish lyrics at that!
2443;9;Listening to him on all the duets is fun!
2443;10;I love the romantic tracks  The Very Thought Of You with Paul McCartney.
2442;1;Along with the instrumental samples Puffy built these grooves on and Mary J's newfound fondess for jazzy vocal turns and scat singing provide great results on the drippily disco-funk "Mary Jane","You Bring Me Joy" and the bass popping-happy closer "Be Happy" are such excellent tunes that if these were the only good songs on the album it would still earn a five star rating.
2442;2;I bought this album several times, whenever it went bad -- it's that good.
2442;3;I bought this album several times, whenever it went bad -- it's that good.
2442;4;Ditto for the slightly more uptempo hip-hop inflected jams such as "Be With You","Mary's Joint","Don't Go" and the clever,well composed "I Love You" all have possess that spark needed to make them really stand out as impressive songs.
2442;5;thanks for reading my review!!!
2442;6;Ditto for the slightly more uptempo hip-hop inflected jams such as "Be With You","Mary's Joint","Don't Go" and the clever,well composed "I Love You" all have possess that spark needed to make them really stand out as impressive songs.
2442;7;I had this  album long ago and I love it  helps my creative drive in illuminati love its hard to get!
2442;8;She put her heart and soul into and you can feel the emotion whether she was happy or sad.
2442;9;Then she has the songs that you can dance to.
2442;10;"I'm The Only Woman" really puts the title track of Roy Ayers&nbsp
2441;1;It's good to reflect on the past and have a perspective on the future.
2441;2;I really this because if I want to hear a bit of this and that, this satisfies my Pink Floyd craving.
2441;3;It's good to reflect on the past and have a perspective on the future.
2441;4;I really this because if I want to hear a bit of this and that, this satisfies my Pink Floyd craving.
2441;5;I really this because if I want to hear a bit of this and that, this satisfies my Pink Floyd craving.
2441;6;Accurately labeled "Best of"
2441;7;Accurately labeled "Best of"
2441;8;I really this because if I want to hear a bit of this and that, this satisfies my Pink Floyd craving.
2441;9;I really this because if I want to hear a bit of this and that, this satisfies my Pink Floyd craving.
2441;10;really i would recommend this to anyone that loves good music!
2440;1;There's plenty of good music to keep any fan WILLING to enjoy it satisfied, as well as enough (apparently hidden) innovation/creativity to keep it interesting.
2440;2;Not as fast as their thrashier early albums but they do a fine job of dirging things up Sabbath style...There's honestly not a bad track on this album.
2440;3;It's not "metal up your ass" like Kill 'em all and it hasn't got the power of Master of puppets but it's still a  good record - packed with a mix of very good rock songs (Until It Sleeps) and a few deeper, softer tunes (Hero Of the Day, Mama Said)...all brilliant to listen to and distinctly Metallica.
2440;4;Major fan - love everything they do.
2440;5;I've read the reviews of this album, along with those for ReLoad, and I have one thing to say.
2440;6;The tracks are catchy and as for the track 'the house that jack built' one word comes to mind, awesome!
2440;7;"King Nothing" lifts the driving riff of "Enter Sandman" into new heights, and the song's guitar power is matched wonderfully by Lars' equally heart-pounding drums.
2440;8;Hetfield has  never sounded better, and the lyrics to Outlaw Torn and Bleeding Me are the  finest he has ever written.
2440;9;Major fan - love everything they do.
2440;10;Major fan - love everything they do.
2447;1;Between the Wheels-A catchy, but good song.
2447;2;"GRACE" shows that through resolve, determiniation, & grace their are positive exits from any negative situation.
2447;3;Between the Wheels-A catchy, but good song.
2447;4;The songs are extremely well crafted and the music (by Lee and Lifeson) as always is unheralded.
2447;5;Check out Neil's intricate percussion work on this one...8)Between The Wheels-Perhaps the most downright impressive track on GUP, BTW combines a frankly discordant synth theme and lead guitar work with lyrics (particularly the chorus) that will send shivers down your spine once you read them (I'm so glad they pulled this one out on the R30 tour!)
2447;6;The music is clean and well thought out, and the over-reverberated production actually serves it well.
2447;7;Every song (with the exception of Red Lenses) is very strong, driving, and in your face.
2447;8;It does incorporate lots of synth riffs and at times is dependent on the synth but I just love the songs, the energy, the lyrics, the emotion.
2447;9;You can tell they had a whole lot of fun while recording "red lenses," that's for sure.
2447;10;If you like clever music and lyrics that talk about more than love or fighting This CD is a vision of what may or may not be waiting for us in the future, but the songs are worth every penny.
2446;1;Not liking this album is like not enjoying a magnificent sunset on a summer's evening...Everything about this album is fantastic...There is original stuff...There are covers of classic songs...And then there are my personal favorites....classics originally done by one of these guys that is now recorded with two or more of them.
2446;2;This 2-CD set not only collects songs from the official Highwaymen albums, but also key tracks from various solo works from Mssrs.
2446;3;its good but you need to buy the live one great
2446;4;This 2-CD set not only collects songs from the official Highwaymen albums, but also key tracks from various solo works from Mssrs.
2446;5;This 2-CD set not only collects songs from the official Highwaymen albums, but also key tracks from various solo works from Mssrs.
2446;6;This 2-CD set not only collects songs from the official Highwaymen albums, but also key tracks from various solo works from Mssrs.
2446;7;This 2-CD set not only collects songs from the official Highwaymen albums, but also key tracks from various solo works from Mssrs.
2446;8;The audience helps him out when he forgets lyrics and are so wonderful to him as he is to his fans.
2446;9;fun listening from very talented artists.
2446;10;Better than expected love the dvd w it
2445;1;Jill is channeling "good" Aretha (the '60s up to around 1977) on her second effort for the mighty folk at Warner.
2445;2;From Start to Finish she takes you on a personal journey of the joys and pains of this life while rockin you with a groove that only Jill can give you!!!!
2445;3;Jill is channeling "good" Aretha (the '60s up to around 1977) on her second effort for the mighty folk at Warner.
2445;4;I still think Jill's first album was her best but this one is my favorite.
2445;5;I still think Jill's first album was her best but this one is my favorite.
2445;6;I still think Jill's first album was her best but this one is my favorite.
2445;7;I still think Jill's first album was her best but this one is my favorite.
2445;8;Her voice, her lyrics, her music all blended into musical R&B perfection, and each track stands out!
2445;9;I remembered dem days ("Fools Gold"), embraced all that she was saying ("Say Thank You") and just had a wonderful super funky mind-fest party (she is an amazing storyteller) with the rest as I sang along.
2445;10;This is one of her best album and I love it.
2444;1;Finally this most classic record gets not just a remastered treatment, but a good remastered job, i.e. not the kind of remastered job that's piercing to the ears and about the 'loudness wars.'
2444;2;A sad but beautiful end to a classic Mac lineup.
2444;3;Finally this most classic record gets not just a remastered treatment, but a good remastered job, i.e. not the kind of remastered job that's piercing to the ears and about the 'loudness wars.'
2444;4;Finally found this early recording, and sound is great.
2444;5;You can read the history and the influence Peter Green's changes and imminent departure had on the haunted spirituality that permeates the disc and you'll gain critical insight.
2444;6;Wow, they sure cleaned up this record.
2444;7;This is album is testament to the journey he now personally wanted to travel alone.
2444;8;A sad but beautiful end to a classic Mac lineup.
2444;9;Both of the "Madge" jams are heavy and spliced into sections for a fun listen (at one point a bizarre orchestra interlude comes barreling forth into the song for no reason at all)...By all accounts "Then Play On" is one of Fleetwood Mac's best and definitely the best album from their early years.
2444;10;Kirwan contributes some very fine songs as well and completely fits into the prevailing mood
2435;1;What a fantastic CD - so happy I ordered this music to add to my collection.
2435;2;"The Seattle Weekly" has called him, "a musical force to be reckoned with".
2435;3;Really good guitar driven rock n roll music.
2435;4;"The Seattle Weekly" has called him, "a musical force to be reckoned with".
2435;5;I bought this after a reading the great reviews it recieved in several magazine articles.
2435;6;Those releases sound like demos compared to 'Blak and Blu' - which offers rich instrumental arrangements and seamlessly unites the classic with the modern...The production is diverse and provides a fusion of so many different influences and genres:  a creature that's part Jimi Hendrix, part Gov't Mule, part Amorica/Three Snakes-era Black Crowes, and a tablespoon of Ben Harper, while interstitially placing songs resonating classic Muddy Waters and even Marvin Gaye ("Please Come Home" is the modern-day "Distant Lover").
2435;7;Really good guitar driven rock n roll music.
2435;8;He hits each one with such conviction and emotion that you can't but shake your head in amazement...This album is The Truth.
2435;9;"The Seattle Weekly" has called him, "a musical force to be reckoned with".
2435;10;This is his best body of work to date and a sure bet that you will love this album as much as I do.
2434;1;Land of Confusion- Very good re-make, enjoy listening to it better than the Phil Collins version.
2434;2;'Forgiven' is another favorite, reminding me of the power of 'Liberate' on Disturbed's 'Believe' CD...'Land Of Confusion', a cover of an older 'Genesis' song, takes a song that wasn't that bad to begin with and adds such power and freshness to it that I can't even quite describe it.
2434;3;It's is a good mix, I don't want anyone to think that it is a bad thing.
2434;4;The first single "Guarded" was emraced well by rock radio.
2434;5;I bought this CD today after reading all the great reviews and listening to the samples.
2434;6;The songs are clean, crisp, and heavy.
2434;7;Magnetic vocals and a driving beat bring this song above the rest of the pack.
2434;8;I'm also not bored... So these things may have a lot to do with it.....But I love this cd, and see it as better than the previous two releases... Not that far above The Sickness, but it ranks up there, mainly because the lyrics are more empowering and have more substance.
2434;9;Ten Thousand Fists- Good opener.Sons of Plunder- Good times, had fun.
2434;10;I'm also not bored... So these things may have a lot to do with it.....But I love this cd, and see it as better than the previous two releases... Not that far above The Sickness, but it ranks up there, mainly because the lyrics are more empowering and have more substance.
2433;1;His singing is very beautiful here and the songs are just as good now as they were then.
2433;2;Overall this is one of the finest David Bowie albums.
2433;3;His singing is very beautiful here and the songs are just as good now as they were then.
2433;4;Overall this is one of the finest David Bowie albums.
2433;5;This pressing/remaster excels at clarity and tone (at least the tones that Mick Ronson and Ken Scott wanted to focus on while mixing) more so than imaging.
2433;6;Overall this is one of the finest David Bowie albums.
2433;7;And even when he is thougholy naughty (Cracked Actor, Drive in Saturday) he is almost playful about it.
2433;8;The piano and guitar go so beautifully in this song, and David's stunning vocals and lyrics really pull everything together.
2433;9;Every song on this album is a classic, and even though his cover of "Let's Spend the Night Together" isn't too highly celebrated, it's still pretty fun.
2433;10;And I love the old 50s feel on many of the songs, especially the opener of "Time", and everyone's gotta love the wacky piano on "Aladdin Sane".
2432;1;This collection of tunes is a fantastic representation of the great brand of both funky music and love ballads of that era.
2432;2;And the messages still hold true today.
2432;3;Takes  you back to a good place in time.
2432;4;And the messages still hold true today.
2432;5;And the messages still hold true today.
2432;6;And the messages still hold true today.
2432;7;Thanks  for the trip down memory lane
2432;8;And the messages still hold true today.
2432;9;Always a hit at any party, this CD is loaded with the O'Jays most loved and recognized cuts.
2432;10;I loved the sound of MFSB and the songs always had a message.
2439;1;Last night I kicked back and enjoyed it again.
2439;2;Its a rare day for me to buy a blue ray, but if this one gets scratched, I will order another that Day!
2439;3;A very good concert to watch.
2439;4;That isn't more evident than in this DVD...The performance starts off with a short interview with Joe and then goes right into the concert.
2439;5;That isn't more evident than in this DVD...The performance starts off with a short interview with Joe and then goes right into the concert.
2439;6;This video puts you in the best seats in the house.
2439;7;The video is spellbinding and having the cd in my car is the perfect way to re-live the concert while I am traveling.
2439;8;He feels every emotion down deep in his soul and you can see this for yourself.
2439;9;Not as much variety there as he's given us in the past...Eric's appearance was enjoyable, even if it was brief and to the point--there didn't seem to be lot of camaraderie between the two of them, aside from Joe's obvious excitement in having him appear onstage with him...The interview with Joe was fun to watch--he really is a funny guy.
2439;10;Both are simply incredible on this DVD...  - I love what Carmine has added to the band over the last couple of years.
2438;1;John Denver (Henry John Deutschendorf, Jr.) was a very good musician.
2438;2;There is not a bad song on this album and listening to it will always make you feel better.
2438;3;John Denver (Henry John Deutschendorf, Jr.) was a very good musician.
2438;4;Listen again to these lyrics and you will get the sense of how these are songs are hymns about the glories of nature and the depths of human relationships.
2438;5;In studying his music and lyrics, one finds a love of life, a love of the environment and a deep compassion for all of the world's people.
2438;6;I played this back on my SONY CD Recorder at home and it sounded good.
2438;7;Whenever I head west and drive through the mountains, this is the CD I want to listen to.
2438;8;Listen again to these lyrics and you will get the sense of how these are songs are hymns about the glories of nature and the depths of human relationships.
2438;9;Listen again to these lyrics and you will get the sense of how these are songs are hymns about the glories of nature and the depths of human relationships.
2438;10;In studying his music and lyrics, one finds a love of life, a love of the environment and a deep compassion for all of the world's people.
2437;1;"You Never Know" is just pure boot scootin' fun about all the possibilities for a good ol' boy to find love.
2437;2;Arrived on schedule and is really a great sounding cd.
2437;3;Good deal and quick delivery.
2437;4;Arrived on schedule and is really a great sounding cd.
2437;5;Arrived on schedule and is really a great sounding cd.
2437;6;Arrived on schedule and is really a great sounding cd.
2437;7;Arrived on schedule and is really a great sounding cd.
2437;8;Smooth mellow delivery of lyrics orchestrated with a great band.
2437;9;While this album doesn't break any new ground in Jackson's 25 year career, it features an effective mix of fun songs and melancholy ballads with inventive word play.
2437;10;I have loved Alan Jackson's work since the 90's.
2436;1;GAUCHO may not grab you by the lapels and shake you into gee-gawing submission like AJA did (it was THAT good) but it certainly will awe you with the technical sophisticated textures we have come to identify as The Dan.
2436;2;"Time Out of Mind" is an uplifting gem enhanced by the guitar of Mark Knopfler, "Third World Man" is sad and sinister with a bit of Dylanish inflection, "My Rival" makes me laugh even as I'm bopping to the groove, "Hey Nineteen" is funny in the way only self-mockery can be -- and all of it sails along with some of the best hooks in the business.
2436;3;GAUCHO may not grab you by the lapels and shake you into gee-gawing submission like AJA did (it was THAT good) but it certainly will awe you with the technical sophisticated textures we have come to identify as The Dan.
2436;4;For all their "perfectionism", in my estimation Gaucho is indeed a perfect album.
2436;5;The zany booklet is a must read.
2436;6;After  work I went home, and we listened to it together.
2436;7;"The milk truck eased into my space, Somebody screamed somewhere" The truck is in his spot, driven by his wife's lover.
2436;8;The album has all the Steely Dan trademarks: impeccable production, cynical and venomous lyrics and undeniably catchy songs.
2436;9;The point is - it's a lot of fun, whatever the truth is.
2436;10;I love to cruise around at night listening to this CD, it makes the city come alive.
2458;1;Halford's voice soars and hits his notes full-on, the band boogies and rocks well with blues licks, good dual guitar work
2458;2;only slightly behind the classic "sad wings of destiny"  I always loved the sound of this album, and it's filled with classics like "beyond the relms of death" and "exciter."
2458;3;Halford's voice soars and hits his notes full-on, the band boogies and rocks well with blues licks, good dual guitar work
2458;4;I have been to alot of different concerts and I rank them as the best live performance band of all time so far.
2458;5;Many of the other reviews give many comments on the songs etc, so I'll write about some of the esoteric stuff I haven't read here.
2458;6;I have been to alot of different concerts and I rank them as the best live performance band of all time so far.
2458;7;I have been to alot of different concerts and I rank them as the best live performance band of all time so far.
2458;8;With an impressive body of work like Priest's its sometimes easy to overlook every diamond they produced and this is a fantastic album, masterful musicianship, excellent lyrics I'm running out of things to say.
2458;9;It was all "metal and partying rules" anthems after this.
2458;10;Buy it you will love it.
2459;1;The fantastic lyrics add a lot to my appreciation, but it's not like I need to comprehend the meaning to enjoy the CD.
2459;2;Passion Play is so complex and wonderful.
2459;3;So, I relaxed...They played the entire album non-stop.
2459;4;The DVD 1 which sports surround sound is the most exciting remix in that format of any progressive rock album I've heard.
2459;5;This could almost be described as the "musician's album" of the line-up - musicians will certainly want to study the great ideas explored here.
2459;6;The music sounds like it would be perfectly at home during some kind of deranged circus act, and the lyrics contain endless oddities and wordplays.
2459;7;There are melodic acoustic passages that are just gorgeous, and driving riff-rock, and a multi-tracked flute solo that is spellbinding.
2459;8;The record is essentially a very long and interesting song, a song about death and the afterlife from several different perspectives with a mixture of humor, clever observation and inventive lyrics...This was the band's sixth studio album and had the unenviable task of following up the pair of unstoppable classic albums Aqualung and Thick As A Brick.
2459;9;This was a concert backdrop back in '73
2459;10;I love the beginning of this album which starts off with a great instrumental piece.
2456;1;Fantastic CD of their greatest songs
2456;2;Package arrived in great condition - Great collection.
2456;3;This sounds as good now as it did then.
2456;4;Package arrived in great condition - Great collection.
2456;5;Package arrived in great condition - Great collection.
2456;6;Package arrived in great condition - Great collection.
2456;7;Great cd for a drive with the top down !
2456;8;SWEET EMOTION is one of the best songs ever written.
2456;9;Aerosmith's Greatest Hits is good for a rockin' weekend if you ever dance with yourself and also sing along.
2456;10;Choose the songs off each album you truly love.
2457;1;This album has more emotion than yopu could imagine and after listening to it 100+ times it is always fresh.
2457;2;Springsteen's 1978 masterpiece of scorn and pain is a close contender for the title of his best work, mainly for two reasons
2457;3;As good a rock and roll record as there ever has been.
2457;4;He mixes the best of his songwriting talent on this record as well, combining his knack for writing catch tunes about otherwise depressing subjects (see Born in the U.S.A.) in songs like "Badlands" with his talent for morose baladeering in pieces like "Racing in the Streets."
2457;5;Darkness On The Edge Of Town a powerful masterpiece that focuses.
2457;6;Some guys come home from work at night and go racing in the street...".
2457;7;There is an awesome grandeur in the tone and the sound, driven as it is by majestic guitars, thunderous drums, sweeping sax and wailing harmonica.
2457;8;This album has more emotion than yopu could imagine and after listening to it 100+ times it is always fresh.
2457;9;Like The Deer Hunter movie, I eventually saw on the subject of friendship, faith and (small) towns.
2457;10;As usual, Bruce can tell a love story and describe that perfect date.
2462;1;I grew up with this band and it is fantastic to have them on DVD to enjoy in my car.
2462;2;Raw, great, proper rock that reminds me of other great live albums by Slade, MC5 etc.
2462;3;All in all, a good mix of material.
2462;4;Raw, great, proper rock that reminds me of other great live albums by Slade, MC5 etc.
2462;5;Raw, great, proper rock that reminds me of other great live albums by Slade, MC5 etc.
2462;6;Raw, great, proper rock that reminds me of other great live albums by Slade, MC5 etc.
2462;7;The music has a good feel, and gives me a quick trip back to younger days.
2462;8;Raw, great, proper rock that reminds me of other great live albums by Slade, MC5 etc.
2462;9;One of the happiest memories of my life is going to my first Middle School dance and hearing "Some Kind of Wonderful" for the first time.
2462;10;filling up my Ipod and loving all the old music.
2463;1;This album is like a successful spin-off of a great show that becomes its own great show (This album is to "Dead Winter Dead" what the show Frasier was to Cheers)...In conclusion, I cannot see how anyone cannot give this album five stars because it is so good, anyone can enjoy it.
2463;2;The music touches the soul and goes to right the core
2463;3;good sound for the holiday
2463;4;The music touches the soul and goes to right the core
2463;5;If you've read any of my other reviews about TSO and their music, you will know that I am a die-hard fan.
2463;6;"Ornament" is a power ballad-like song with the lyrics being made of a man's prayer to God about his lost daughter and how he wants her home for Christmas, it is so beautiful it brings tears to my eyes every time I hear it (I'm a 17 year old male).
2463;7;The music touches the soul and goes to right the core
2463;8;To capture that "magical" feeling on Christmas Eve and Other Stories, O'Neill took mostly traditional Christmas songs and infused them with electric guitar power and energy to create a majestic, emotional, captivating sound that tends to overwhelm me with emotion or awe (such as on the incredible "A Star To Follow" track or in the dynamic "Christmas Eve/Sarajevo 12/24" track, which also appeared on Savatage's Dead Winter Dead CD).
2463;9;Even though I don't celebrate Christmas and feel it's more important to watch what I eat than to go to a lot of holiday parties, I'm still deeply moved by this album, and I give it 5 stars, even though it reminds me of fattening treats and other holiday stressors.
2463;10;The music touches the soul and goes to right the core
2460;1;Worked very good, was what it said it was, look good, a very good buy for the money, and was shipped in timely manner.
2460;2;Great music just as remembered
2460;3;Worked very good, was what it said it was, look good, a very good buy for the money, and was shipped in timely manner.
2460;4;Great music just as remembered
2460;5;Great music just as remembered
2460;6;Great listening on the road or at home.
2460;7;Makes great road trip music too!
2460;8;Great music just as remembered
2460;9;Great music just as remembered
2460;10;I love the CD by Kenny Rogers, and listen to it nearly every day!
2461;1;I have nothing but good memories with this album and I'm very happy with the end result of the remastering process of this album.
2461;2;Bad is one of the best songs U2 has ever written.
2461;3;Yes,most of the good job is done by Brian Eno`s exquisite production but good songs are just good songs live,studio or unplugged,and this is the case.
2461;4;Although I believe WAR to be a more coherent offering, the aura of experiment surrounding this cut is key to its strengths and weaknesses..."A Sort of Homecoming" is a brilliant opener, with remarkable imagery in the lyrics, viz...-The wind will crack.
2461;5;I read the Edge remastered and you can definitely hear the quality.
2461;6;It is simply one of their greatest songs, driven to bring home a first-person drama--a subject from "Amnesty International," whom they support.
2461;7;It is simply one of their greatest songs, driven to bring home a first-person drama--a subject from "Amnesty International," whom they support.
2461;8;"Bad" is another one of my all-time favorite U2 songs - incredibly deep lyrics and Bono's interpretation gives the song a sense of awe.
2461;9;It's catchy and very fun to sing along with, but not catchy in the commercial sense.
2461;10;I love how U2 utilizes the seasons in classic romantic style.
2450;1;This CD is awsome it always fills me up  and never lets me down I can get happy off of All I Wanna Do, and then I can start crying when listening to, The First Cut Is The Deepest, I can feel all funky and eccentric with Soak Up The Sun and I can clap my hands to A Change Would Do You Good.
2450;2;Sheryl Crow is so good singing about the pain and difficulty of trying to get over failed relationships.
2450;3;The new tracks are good, her version of "The First Cut Is The Deepest" is a great rendition.
2450;4;I was pleased to see "There Goes The Neighborhood" and "The Difficult Kind" on the disc.
2450;5;I was pleased to see "There Goes The Neighborhood" and "The Difficult Kind" on the disc.
2450;6;This is a very clean production which showcases her fine, if pedestrian writing, sunny disposition and musical flair.
2450;7;Steve McQueen is a great rock song about rebellion and fast cars.
2450;8;I have always adored Sheryl's deep lyrics, but I must say that I was even more so enamored by the videos!
2450;9;Although I do not find her earliest videos from her first album very enjoyable, the later Sheryl videos are very fun to watch.
2450;10;I love the other new song "Light In Your Eyes", which has a great melody and vocals from Crow.
2451;1;If you thought it was great on vinyl you'll love it on cd, just a Fantastic album!
2451;2;Jessi's ballads, I'm Looking For Blue Eyes and You Mean To Say are very good, and she's a great singer.
2451;3;Jessi's ballads, I'm Looking For Blue Eyes and You Mean To Say are very good, and she's a great singer.
2451;4;She was correct: 1975's "I'm Jessi Colter" went gold and she also had a gold, million-selling single with "I'm Not Lisa," along with another Top 5 country single ("Blue Eyes") and another Top 5 album ("Jessi") before "Wanted" came out...  This being said, the album belongs above all to Waylon and his legacy.
2451;5;If you even think you may like country music, purchasing this album is an extreme no brainer...This recording delivers on every track...You can read the other reviews for the details.
2451;6;She was correct: 1975's "I'm Jessi Colter" went gold and she also had a gold, million-selling single with "I'm Not Lisa," along with another Top 5 country single ("Blue Eyes") and another Top 5 album ("Jessi") before "Wanted" came out...  This being said, the album belongs above all to Waylon and his legacy.
2451;7;She was correct: 1975's "I'm Jessi Colter" went gold and she also had a gold, million-selling single with "I'm Not Lisa," along with another Top 5 country single ("Blue Eyes") and another Top 5 album ("Jessi") before "Wanted" came out...  This being said, the album belongs above all to Waylon and his legacy.
2451;8;She was correct: 1975's "I'm Jessi Colter" went gold and she also had a gold, million-selling single with "I'm Not Lisa," along with another Top 5 country single ("Blue Eyes") and another Top 5 album ("Jessi") before "Wanted" came out...  This being said, the album belongs above all to Waylon and his legacy.
2451;9;You'll have fun with one!
2451;10;If you thought it was great on vinyl you'll love it on cd, just a Fantastic album!
2448;1;record was as described very happy
2448;2;Elton sings with much conviction on this one and the backing vocal of his song capture every nuance and pain in the lyric.
2448;3;Really good stuff when he was at the apex of everything.
2448;4;The opening track sports a C&W feel with some fine acoustic picking from Davey Johnstone.
2448;5;Captain Fantastic focuses on a fantastic light popcraft comprehensible and notorious to any listener, I recommend it to anyone with inclinnations toward uncompromising, beautiful music.
2448;6;Stereo Sonics: Clean and well balanced, good punch.
2448;7;Sounds great in car or home stereo.
2448;8;Great lyrics, great melodies- a solid 5 stars
2448;9;Anyway you look at it, bonus tracks or no, "Captain Fantastic and The Brown Dirt Cowboy" is a classic, the moment that captures all parties at the pinnacle of their powers at a time when they were also at their most commercially successful...After-note: I received this album for a gift on my 15th birthday, and met Elton John in Philadelphia in 1989.
2448;10;The range of love it to hate it can rage till the end of time and the most important aspect is people still care enough to speak up one way or the other about this or any other of his albums.
2449;1;A good start to White's solo career.
2449;2;He's got it bad, and for us, that's good.
2449;3;He's got it bad, and for us, that's good.
2449;4;After The White Stripes, a James Bond theme (duetting with Norah Jones), The Raconteurs, The Dead Weather, and that concept album with Dangermouse ("Rome"), we shouldn't be surprised he took this long to do his own album...And Blunderbuss is very much Jack White's own album.
2449;5;Really spectacular, and none of the reviews I've read in the press seem to notice it.
2449;6;I had never even heard of this guy until three days ago when the owner of my local hi fi shop told me about it, so I came home and ordered it.
2449;7;I will now seek out their CDs although I hear that this new CD is a little different and The White Stripes are more guitar driven songs!
2449;8;The pressing is flawless, and it comes with the mp3 download code and big lyric sheet.
2449;9;This song is an easy going, uptempo, fun song to me.
2449;10;that's all to be said isn't it...the new king of rock/blues one of the greatest guitarist of our time...love it...can't wait for the new one "lazaretto' in a couple of months...it you haven't heard the first track it's on youtube 'high ball stepper'  awesome stuff...
2454;1;I BECAME a fan thanks to this one...Thanks Nikki, Vince, Tommy & Mick...for a true masterpiece of rock n' roll - and good luck on the road in 2005!
2454;2;I am 37 now and the music still brings back memories of the early teenage yrs...This cd is a blue print to a whole new genre of music.
2454;3;I BECAME a fan thanks to this one...Thanks Nikki, Vince, Tommy & Mick...for a true masterpiece of rock n' roll - and good luck on the road in 2005!
2454;4;In addition to their usual sex/drugs/rocknroll obsessions, the quartet this time sported a post-apocalyptic look (inspired by Road Warrior's phenomenal and influential costume design) and a truly nihilistic worldview.
2454;5;I BECAME a fan thanks to this one...Thanks Nikki, Vince, Tommy & Mick...for a true masterpiece of rock n' roll - and good luck on the road in 2005!
2454;6;I BECAME a fan thanks to this one...Thanks Nikki, Vince, Tommy & Mick...for a true masterpiece of rock n' roll - and good luck on the road in 2005!
2454;7;I BECAME a fan thanks to this one...Thanks Nikki, Vince, Tommy & Mick...for a true masterpiece of rock n' roll - and good luck on the road in 2005!
2454;8;It also contains reviews from band members, song lyrics, and original album art, and photos, along with a video of Looks That Kill, all of this for just 15 bucks at any store, and cheaper here.
2454;9;Fun, not so hardcore metal .
2454;10;I'm in my twenties now, and I still love it, especially before I work out!!
2455;1;CRANK UP YOUR SOUND SYSTEM and enjoy......
2455;2;Having been reformed in 2003 and toured the world for the following five years, "Whitesnake", arguably the most legendary hard rock band of the 80s, was due for a new album "Good to be bad", 10th studio release in their 30-year career...The line up on the album is unsurpassable surrounding one of the greatest rock-stars of all time, David Coverdale who once again proves himself a captivating singer and lyricist.
2455;3;Having been reformed in 2003 and toured the world for the following five years, "Whitesnake", arguably the most legendary hard rock band of the 80s, was due for a new album "Good to be bad", 10th studio release in their 30-year career...The line up on the album is unsurpassable surrounding one of the greatest rock-stars of all time, David Coverdale who once again proves himself a captivating singer and lyricist.
2455;4;I highly recommend this album to all who love to rock.
2455;5;I highly recommend this album to all who love to rock.
2455;6;The prodcution is clean and no-nonsense.
2455;7;I highly recommend this album to all who love to rock.
2455;8;Having been reformed in 2003 and toured the world for the following five years, "Whitesnake", arguably the most legendary hard rock band of the 80s, was due for a new album "Good to be bad", 10th studio release in their 30-year career...The line up on the album is unsurpassable surrounding one of the greatest rock-stars of all time, David Coverdale who once again proves himself a captivating singer and lyricist.
2455;9;I am a Whitesnake fan and have been for quite a while and admit to some bias, but I highly recommend this CD for anyone who loves great heavy duty rock played in a very polished and professional way, yet still fun and exciting to listen to.
2455;10;I highly recommend this album to all who love to rock.
2452;1;I love this album, it's fun, easy to listen and have a sing-song to and it just put's me in a good mood!
2452;2;My favorite bonus song is the acoustic version of "The One That Got Away"... much more sad, lilting, yet heartfelt than the one they usually play on the radio.
2452;3;This CD is really good, I purchased it for my 13 year old Granddaughter who loves Katy Perry.
2452;4;Super entertainer, love her voice.
2452;5;Super entertainer, love her voice.
2452;6;Super entertainer, love her voice.
2452;7;Super entertainer, love her voice.
2452;8;The lyrics are not for the faint of heart....the language is very adult and quite fun....but.not for young children.
2452;9;The lyrics are not for the faint of heart....the language is very adult and quite fun....but.not for young children.
2452;10;Super entertainer, love her voice.
2453;1;The CD's are incredible and as a huge Soundgarden fan, I am so happy that the used CD's were in very good condition.
2453;2;Unfortuately ever since Chris Cornell cut his hair I  thought the quality of the band's music dropped-still good but not like  this effort (much like METALLICA's much discussed trip toFloyd the barber).
2453;3;Unfortuately ever since Chris Cornell cut his hair I  thought the quality of the band's music dropped-still good but not like  this effort (much like METALLICA's much discussed trip toFloyd the barber).
2453;4;Unfortuately ever since Chris Cornell cut his hair I  thought the quality of the band's music dropped-still good but not like  this effort (much like METALLICA's much discussed trip toFloyd the barber).
2453;5;Pretty much everything about Badmotorfinger is a step up from its predecessors - the production is sharper and the music more ambitious, while the songwriting takes a quantum leap in focus and consistency.
2453;6;Unfortuately ever since Chris Cornell cut his hair I  thought the quality of the band's music dropped-still good but not like  this effort (much like METALLICA's much discussed trip toFloyd the barber).
2453;7;Unfortuately ever since Chris Cornell cut his hair I  thought the quality of the band's music dropped-still good but not like  this effort (much like METALLICA's much discussed trip toFloyd the barber).
2453;8;Cornell's lyrics and Thayil's guitar playing throughout the CD gives this album a tremendous metal vibe.
2453;9;"Face Pollution" is punk-rock inspired, and is mostly in average territory, but it's still fun to listen to.
2453;10;I love their flirtations with odd time signatures.
2473;1;If you are a George Strait fan as I am , then you will enjoy this collection.
2473;2;Fast shipping, well packaged, perfect product, great music, thanks.
2473;3;They are so good to listen to.
2473;4;Fast shipping, well packaged, perfect product, great music, thanks.
2473;5;Fast shipping, well packaged, perfect product, great music, thanks.
2473;6;Fast shipping, well packaged, perfect product, great music, thanks.
2473;7;The songs are perfect to drive somewhere to and sing-along.
2473;8;Fast shipping, well packaged, perfect product, great music, thanks.
2473;9;Fast shipping, well packaged, perfect product, great music, thanks.
2473;10;I 'LOVE' all these songs!
2472;1;"Why You Wanna Treat Me So Bad" is another hit from the album, and is one of my top-favorite Prince songs
2472;2;"Why You Wanna Treat Me So Bad" is another hit from the album, and is one of my top-favorite Prince songs
2472;3;"Why You Wanna Treat Me So Bad" is another hit from the album, and is one of my top-favorite Prince songs
2472;4;No matter, it's an excellent album, and like the first, Prince is credited for playing all the instruments, and performing all vocals...Things start off with the hit, "I Wanna Be Your Lover", with it's pulsating rhythms, and slick guitar melodies, which are fronted by Prince's sexy falsetto, and creamy harmonies.
2472;5;No matter, it's an excellent album, and like the first, Prince is credited for playing all the instruments, and performing all vocals...Things start off with the hit, "I Wanna Be Your Lover", with it's pulsating rhythms, and slick guitar melodies, which are fronted by Prince's sexy falsetto, and creamy harmonies.
2472;6;No matter, it's an excellent album, and like the first, Prince is credited for playing all the instruments, and performing all vocals...Things start off with the hit, "I Wanna Be Your Lover", with it's pulsating rhythms, and slick guitar melodies, which are fronted by Prince's sexy falsetto, and creamy harmonies.
2472;7;And what a marvelous trip it is.
2472;8;"Why You Wanna Treat Me So Bad" is another hit from the album, and is one of my top-favorite Prince songs
2472;9;Lovely dance track with great melodies, and the keyboards are nifty.
2472;10;I purchased this CD a couple of months ago.
2475;1;A good one to listen to anytime, but fun during workouts.
2475;2;The last elegant human voice, lost in a chorus of auto-tune...CHRISTINA AND CHER!
2475;3;I perceived a strong vibe that the underlying metaphor in the movie is indeed a reflection of the current state of music, where performance, theatrics and the smoke and mirrors of a good show are more significant to people than true talent, which Christina most definitely has.
2475;4;A good one to listen to anytime, but fun during workouts.
2475;5;The last elegant human voice, lost in a chorus of auto-tune...CHRISTINA AND CHER!
2475;6;This is great music for doing a little home exercise, or slogging through another day of chores
2475;7;Love this movie - love the soundtrack - play it in my car all the time.
2475;8;She steals the show with her raw emotion,a paean to invisible and enduring passion for  "The show will go on".
2475;9;this is a great soundtrack, it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
2475;10;is given to Cher, but both of Cher's songs are a couple of my favorites,.
2474;1;Ride Out is very good.
2474;2;Seger still - at 69 - has a great voice and it shines through on this effort.
2474;3;Ride Out is very good.
2474;4;Seger still - at 69 - has a great voice and it shines through on this effort.
2474;5;Seger still - at 69 - has a great voice and it shines through on this effort.
2474;6;His mix of rock 'n' roll and blues just seemed to hit home with a lot of people from every genre.
2474;7;"It's Your World" is a different sound for Seger, an environmental statement with a driving beat mixed with some pounding piano.
2474;8;Excellent lyrics and powerful music about the environmental destruction that humankind has wrought make this the song of the year for me.
2474;9;Seger still - at 69 - has a great voice and it shines through on this effort.
2474;10;This 68 year old rocker loves it.
2477;1;This song is a very good song, and, with msot of their songs, there are some creepy instrumentals.
2477;2;Although both are very relaxing and downtempo, and both can be used to relax to, Dummy is a little more dreary and sad, and this one is more happy and hopeful.
2477;3;This song is a very good song, and, with msot of their songs, there are some creepy instrumentals.
2477;4;This song is a very good song, and, with msot of their songs, there are some creepy instrumentals.
2477;5;This song is a very good song, and, with msot of their songs, there are some creepy instrumentals.
2477;6;This song is a very good song, and, with msot of their songs, there are some creepy instrumentals.
2477;7;Morose, soul baring lyrics, trip hop and funky jazz blend into a surrealistic vision of the broken hearted woman in us all.
2477;8;The lyrics ached with isolation and longing and were sung with raw emotion.
2477;9;It is a cool album to ...dance to and works for whatever mood one may be in...Love her voice, and the originality of this group!
2477;10;Sour Times- "Nobody loves meeeeeee, it's true."
2476;1;I Am The Law is another good track, with some fun vocals.
2476;2;I really like the fact they give you a free digital download of the album before it arrives in physical form.
2476;3;But this  album sounds just as good today as it did then!!
2476;4;Hyper speed drumming, solid bass playing, awesome wails from Joey, excellent guitar workout.
2476;5;It was actually this album that first got me into reading Stephen King, with two of the tracks being based on the Maine Boogeyman's works.
2476;6;nice bass hooks, clean riffs.
2476;7;The songs on ATL are all excellent, every time I play this album in my car stereo I keep playing the whole album never skipping a song.
2476;8;Also the lyrics aren't brilliant, but many of them are at least stupidly amusing, particularly on I Am the Law The rhythm section is especially good, probably the best all-around one for any band.
2476;9;I Am The Law is another good track, with some fun vocals.
2476;10;Great album by Anthrax, I love it.
2479;1;It brings back some good old memories.
2479;2;Such ideas are still in evidence on this album, but if "Hurting" is about emotional pain then "Songs From the Big Chair" is moving on to the healing process.
2479;3;It brings back some good old memories.
2479;4;Best place to find what you want!!
2479;5;Still waiting to purchase the Super Deluxe Edition and from what I have read from other reviewers that is definitely worth it.
2479;6;Best place to find what you want!!
2479;7;It was really fun to hear this cut again--a great CD to play in the car and try to sing along with.
2479;8;Great poppy tunes, cool lyrics and a reason to play it.
2479;9;A fun and catchy song that can make you want to dance even with Roland's vocals.
2479;10;Obviously, and for reasons that will be clear to any listener, I love this album...Favorite tracks:  Mothers Talk, The Working Hour, Broken.
2478;1;Mostly the success stems from the fact that the song is really good... Now, the album has one more #1 single - this one even more successful than the first.
2478;2;"You Give Love A Bad Name"  "Wanted Dead Or Alive" and more great songs from on this #1 selling Bon Jovi studio album to this date in history.
2478;3;Slippery When Wet, possibly their most accomplished album, illustrates the spirit of  everything that was good about 80's rock, without the things that were bad.
2478;4;People often compare Bon Jovi with Van Halen, and I can see their point.
2478;5;Slippery When Wet is Bon Jovi's most  consistent, focused affair, and if you want a good case to make about how  good the 80's could be, then look no further than this album.
2478;6;People often compare Bon Jovi with Van Halen, and I can see their point.
2478;7;The best way I can describe the song is this
2478;8;The one lyric Oh, we're half way there... is one of those magical and lucky combination of words that come along very rarely that have what I like to call the pregnant effect.
2478;9;It wouldn't compare to their contemporaries at the time like Motley Cre, W.A.S.P. or KISS, but it still projects the fun NJ party rock that is present throughout the album.
2478;10;Brings back memories love the album
2465;1;The closing song "Starless" is fantastic (again, if they had only cut that plodding guitar riff in the middle of the song short)...If you are into progressive rock and enjoy music that is challenging, give this one a try.
2465;2;"Fallen Angel" is Rock a la Crimson, one of their most 'ordinary' songs , but it is still edgy, moody, and a bit sad.
2465;3;It also shows that Tool has good taste in music.
2465;4;The string bass provides an ominous feel, a sense of impending something...doom perhaps.
2465;5;Reading album notes and articles on the group, one learns that this is a very important King Crimson release, marking the end of an era.
2465;6;With so much "heavy-metal", classical & jazzy get-up-and-go, not to mention three highly talented and competent musicians to bring it all home in splendid fashion, "Red" is definitely a must-have KC masterwork you'll definitely want to have in your progressive-rock CD library!
2465;7;This is an album that's good to listen to when you're driving and/or on a long road trip.
2465;8;"Fallen Angel" is Rock a la Crimson, one of their most 'ordinary' songs , but it is still edgy, moody, and a bit sad.
2465;9;Bill Bruford had recently left Yes because he wanted to have more fun (when he was a Yes member he was annoyed by the serious attitude most Yes members had about their music), and here seems very content and happy.
2465;10;This definitely is one of the records that can't be discussed: it just needs to be heard, respected and loved forever.
2464;1;I wasn't an active Donovan fan in the day, but this is a fun album with some very good tunes.
2464;2;Just a wonderful presentation and I give this CD absolutely my Highest Recommendation.
2464;3;This compilation is a good overview of Donovan's well known songs.
2464;4;Just a wonderful presentation and I give this CD absolutely my Highest Recommendation.
2464;5;If you're thinking about upgrading from your vinyl, in which case you probably haven't heard this in years, I'll encourage you with this: It's as good as you remember it...And if by some slim chance the person reading this is unfamiliar with this album, I'll say this to you: It's as good as we remember it.
2464;6;These are all spotless, clean arrangements sung in a superlative smooth, flowing voice.
2464;7;Words I can understand and sing along to in the car, and it drives my kids crazy having to listen to my music
2464;8;With Catchy melodies and colorful lyrics, he caught the imagination of the sixties generations with his playful and imaginative takes on the contemporary scene.
2464;9;All the greatest from Donovan....I remember the words to every song... Back to the 70's, when I made fun memories.
2464;10;I love singer/songwriters and Donovan is certainly one of the best.
2467;1;Have CD and DVD, enjoy watching and listening
2467;2;Not trying to be gloomy, they are just wonderful.
2467;3;Good for anyone who likes gospel music.
2467;4;Not trying to be gloomy, they are just wonderful.
2467;5;Not trying to be gloomy, they are just wonderful.
2467;6;Not trying to be gloomy, they are just wonderful.
2467;7;Not trying to be gloomy, they are just wonderful.
2467;8;Not trying to be gloomy, they are just wonderful.
2467;9;Not trying to be gloomy, they are just wonderful.
2467;10;Like the Dvd this is a must have Cd from this beautiful partnership recorded with love.
2466;1;enjoyed it brought back good times
2466;2;I was born in the 1980s, and many of these tracks remind me of my early years at school, so it's got sentimental value for me as well...Though often with rather icy 1980s production, Phil Collins has a way with his love songs lyrics and his vocals which is very warm, and you can feel the care he has for the relationship he is describing.
2466;3;There are so many good numbers that are memorable to the past.
2466;4;I was born in the 1980s, and many of these tracks remind me of my early years at school, so it's got sentimental value for me as well...Though often with rather icy 1980s production, Phil Collins has a way with his love songs lyrics and his vocals which is very warm, and you can feel the care he has for the relationship he is describing.
2466;5;I was born in the 1980s, and many of these tracks remind me of my early years at school, so it's got sentimental value for me as well...Though often with rather icy 1980s production, Phil Collins has a way with his love songs lyrics and his vocals which is very warm, and you can feel the care he has for the relationship he is describing.
2466;6;The rest is all Phil Collins with all his royal pop-ness: the dark epic Mama, the politically satirical Land Of Confusion, the groovy That's All, the hilarious I Can't Dance, the sweet ballads In Too Deep, Hold On My Heart, and Follow You Follow Me, the cool vibes of Misunderstanding and Invisible Touch, and, one of my personal favorites, No Son Of Mine, a song about a boy who ran away from home...Recommended.
2466;7;I was born in the 1980s, and many of these tracks remind me of my early years at school, so it's got sentimental value for me as well...Though often with rather icy 1980s production, Phil Collins has a way with his love songs lyrics and his vocals which is very warm, and you can feel the care he has for the relationship he is describing.
2466;8;I was born in the 1980s, and many of these tracks remind me of my early years at school, so it's got sentimental value for me as well...Though often with rather icy 1980s production, Phil Collins has a way with his love songs lyrics and his vocals which is very warm, and you can feel the care he has for the relationship he is describing.
2466;9;Sing, dance, sit back and just listen.
2466;10;I was born in the 1980s, and many of these tracks remind me of my early years at school, so it's got sentimental value for me as well...Though often with rather icy 1980s production, Phil Collins has a way with his love songs lyrics and his vocals which is very warm, and you can feel the care he has for the relationship he is describing.
2469;1;This is a very good album that showcases Madonna's inner emotions and passions.
2469;2;Bad Girl is a good, sad love song...Madonna is a really great artist and a lot of people think she's something other than great, which I find dumb but it's people's opinions.
2469;3;On "Erotica" Madonna explores Sex, Lust, Relationships (that are both good and bad), with even a tad pinch of despair which wraps this album up beautifully.
2469;4;In an album that should be hailed as a masterpiece, listeners can find Madonna at her most wickedly delicious.
2469;5;Lyrically, the album definitely has a darker tone compared to her others...As I read in one description Erotica was Madonna's statement about love in the era of AIDS.
2469;6;My favorite album to listen to while cleaning the house.
2469;7;Filled with great pop tunes, 'Deeper and Deeper', 'Thief of Hearts', 'Words' and 'Bye Bye baby', beautiful ballads - 'Rain', 'Bad Girl' and the haunting 'In This Life' ("shouldn't matter who you choose to love..."such beautiful lyrics), and amazing electronica / acid jazz / trip hop - whatever style you want to call it
2469;8;Filled with great pop tunes, 'Deeper and Deeper', 'Thief of Hearts', 'Words' and 'Bye Bye baby', beautiful ballads - 'Rain', 'Bad Girl' and the haunting 'In This Life' ("shouldn't matter who you choose to love..."such beautiful lyrics), and amazing electronica / acid jazz / trip hop - whatever style you want to call it
2469;9;Fever is a remake of the Peggy Lee hit which has a very nice dance beat.
2469;10;Whilst hardly playing it when it was origanlly released, i played this a few months ago and now love it with the music still sounding fresh but then Madonna has the talent to make incredibly good music that is always well ahead of its time.
2468;1;James LaBrie shows a pretty good vocal range on that tune and as with the mentioned above, the rhythms on this tune are fantastic as well.
2468;2;This is far better than the stuff after this, but the other stuff isn't that bad...it's as good as Symphony X. Enjoy this album!
2468;3;This is far better than the stuff after this, but the other stuff isn't that bad...it's as good as Symphony X. Enjoy this album!
2468;4;"Lie" is a thundering, crushing workout, while "Erotomania" is a dextrous isnstrumental.
2468;5;I measured the dynamic range and all songs read in the 13-14 range.
2468;6;James's vocals are great, and the clean guitars are really nice.
2468;7;I love the driving beat that DT gives this one.
2468;8;It begins with "Erotomania," a hyper instrumental with classical guitar work and melodic keyboards
2468;9;The lyrics are about stuggles with friendships, religion and faith...themes almost everyone can relate to at one point or another.
2468;10;I love the meaning of it.
2471;1;There is still plenty of Eddie's trademark guitar sound, and this is still unmistakably Van Halen...The album opens with Van Halen's menacing cover of the Linda Ronstadt hit, You're No Good
2471;2;Cherry on top is Eddie's "Spanish Fly" - a virtuoso Spanish sounding ditty that buzzes like a bee!
2471;3;They didn't break any new ground but played around with the formula that made the first one so good.
2471;4;Cherry on top is Eddie's "Spanish Fly" - a virtuoso Spanish sounding ditty that buzzes like a bee!
2471;5;Cherry on top is Eddie's "Spanish Fly" - a virtuoso Spanish sounding ditty that buzzes like a bee!
2471;6;Some of his riffs,vamping and even mildly psychedisized lines here are surprisingly clean and fit right in with Van Halens funky sounding grooves and tight harmonies.
2471;7;It had a hit single on it too, 'beautiful girls' , the disc was another big hit for them and it's good melodic metal although at the time there was some dissapointment that it wasn't as hard driving as the first one.
2471;8;DOA is a great track, straight ahead rocker with "street wise" and in your face lyrics.
2471;9;Light Up The Sky is another "party" track, great for BBQ's and bonfires.
2471;10;the van halen cd is old school rock and i love old school rock .
2470;1;i really enjoy the sunny Private Joy, and i think that LaToya Jackson also did a good interpretation of the song in 1984 for her "Heart Don't Lie" album.
2470;2;If you loved Prince, you will be overjoyed with this his 4th contribution.
2470;3;I'm in love and ALWAYS will be he is a man of another world love all his music but I specially love this album in makes me fell good in so many ways :)
2470;4;Track 2, "SEXUALITY" was a punk/new wave vibe over a.weird, sparse but funky drum/percussion workout that.was a call to arms to a still pre-aids generation of.20-something baby boomers and "the new breed" as Prince.called it, of young emerging Gen-Xers (my generation!)
2470;5;The title song and "Let's Work" are the most obviously funky songs on this album and,as for that title song the lyrics focus on the speculation on who exactly Prince was-all finding him reciting the lords prayer after which he chants "people call me rude/I wish we all were nude/I wish there was no black and white/I wish there were no rules".
2470;6;If you loved Prince, you will be overjoyed with this his 4th contribution.
2470;7;If you loved Prince, you will be overjoyed with this his 4th contribution.
2470;8;Tougher and funkier, in terms of the lyrics and Prince's vocals, many of the moments here are among Prince's best (the title track, "Let's Work", "Private Joy", "Jack U Off").
2470;9;The underrated "Private Joy" comes next, a fun pop number with another wild vocal from Prince..."Ronnie, Talk to Russia" is a clumsy attempt at political commentary, though it's a pretty fun song nonetheless thanks to it frantic arrangement.
2470;10;If you loved Prince, you will be overjoyed with this his 4th contribution.
2488;1;I heard the original mixes of a few songs thanks to certain sharing programs on the net and while they were good, Rick Rubins mix is much better and represents the Slayer sound we all know and love.
2488;2;....Highlights include - "Disciple", "New faith", "God Send Death", "Bloodline", "Warzone" and "Here Comes The Pain".
2488;3;I heard the original mixes of a few songs thanks to certain sharing programs on the net and while they were good, Rick Rubins mix is much better and represents the Slayer sound we all know and love.
2488;4;And if your a wrestler like I am or invovled in anyother compact sport this is the perfect pump up album.
2488;5;I heard the original mixes of a few songs thanks to certain sharing programs on the net and while they were good, Rick Rubins mix is much better and represents the Slayer sound we all know and love.
2488;6;Me personally being anti-religion and anti-god, I love the lyrics because they hit home for me.
2488;7;I have never put my ear through such a power trip before in my life.
2488;8;Religion truly leaves a bad taste in my mouth, so when a band puts out an awesome metal album with great lyrics such as this, I absorb it all!
2488;9;makes the listening ever the more creepy and fun.
2488;10;I heard the original mixes of a few songs thanks to certain sharing programs on the net and while they were good, Rick Rubins mix is much better and represents the Slayer sound we all know and love.
2489;1;Before my time, but I really enjoyed the music.
2489;2;His voice is exceptional, and has a great span from high to low singing.
2489;3;Amazing that he sounded very good until the end and released his last LP a month ago.
2489;4;"Chelsea Hotel #2" is a very sensitive melody that moves me a lot
2489;5;With all this listening and watching and reading, I remembered what I knew long ago  "This man is a genius."
2489;6;His voice is exceptional, and has a great span from high to low singing.
2489;7;I strongly recommend that anyone with an ear for singer/songwriters who doesn't already know Cohen to pick up "Essential" with your next mouse click or trip to the CD store.
2489;8;He is such a Canadian music icon with deep lyrics in all his songs and of such a quality that he had many fans worldwide.
2489;9;It was always clear that Field Commander L. Cohen was going to dance us to the end of love, regardless of the consequences.
2489;10;But next to The Future, you might find the live recording of the dreamy and romantic Dance Me To The End of Love to be the surprise best cut.
2490;1;I am a gigantic fan of Complicated, amazing, songs by artists such as The Mars Volta, and I enjoy this album very much.
2490;2;The remainder of the album is a kaleidoscope of oddity, pain, love, young sex, Anne Frank, flowers, flames, spines, and death.
2490;3;Like having a good friend with you during an intense acid trip.
2490;4;But if you are already a NMH fan or an E6 faithful this album is a must, the best band E6 has to offer.
2490;5;I just hope if you are reading this review, you have also read the others and can judge for yourself that this is a album to own.
2490;6;And the  final words on the album, "But don't hate her when she gets up to  leave," hit painfullly close to home for those of us who have lost a  woman we've loved.
2490;7;Like having a good friend with you during an intense acid trip.
2490;8;Neutral Milk Hotel has the most talent you will ever stumble upon, the most well-written lyrics your eyes will ever meet, and jeff mangum's voice is electrifying.
2490;9;The album never lets up with it's songwriting as each individual song is really great and full of really fun melodies and his odd but very listenable voice.
2490;10;everyone is saying it...you'll either love this album...or you really.
2491;1;is a lightweight love song, cute enough but probably a bit too happy for its own good.
2491;2;Knowing his story makes the music pretty triumphant and joyful.even the sad society songs.
2491;3;All three albums/ CDs are good.
2491;4;The guy is a great poet with wonderful guitar skills.
2491;5;You just gotta stop reading and LISTEN to this album...Just a strong performance from everyone from vocals to musicians to engineering and production.
2491;6;The guy is a great poet with wonderful guitar skills.
2491;7;We are extremely fortunate that he was such a success in South Africa and that over the years two people were driven to find him and learn the true story.
2491;8;Unique and confronting, great lyrics and some really sold tracks.
2491;9;The guy is a great poet with wonderful guitar skills.
2491;10;Love them all
2492;1;It's as good as any original Robert Johnson or Blind Lemon Jefferson tune.
2492;2;The two covers, Gregory Isaacs's "Love Overdue," and the Leadbelly classic "Goodnight Irene," are both superb--the latter, especially, electrifying in its quietly powerful depiction of longing and pain.
2492;3;It's as good as any original Robert Johnson or Blind Lemon Jefferson tune.
2492;4;The title track alone is worth the 5 star rating.
2492;5;The title track alone is worth the 5 star rating.
2492;6;The title track alone is worth the 5 star rating.
2492;7;"Amnesia" is a fun bit of rockin' blues that (oddly) sounds like it is driven by a drum machine.
2492;8;The title track alone is worth the 5 star rating.
2492;9;Ronnie Wood's solo stuff is also fun.
2492;10;I have often felt this way, so this song kind of resonates with me lyrically I love the horn playing on this song too.
2493;1;I feel so many emotions when I listen to "Madness".
2493;2;One of the best ballads that Muse has ever done.
2493;3;"Big Freeze" recalls U2, "Save Me" is an anthemic ballad (very Coldplay), and "Liquid State" is a choppy rocker...Closing are a pair of instrumentals: "The 2nd Law: Unsustainable" (an apocalyptic sounding piece with some narrations and Bellamy wailing) and "The 2nd Law: Isolated System" (Disco with chiming pianos and snatches of news-style narrations)...Good to see a band so deep into their career still sounding so inspired.
2493;4;One of the best ballads that Muse has ever done.
2493;5;I am really enjoying this album as a whole and have not focused on individual songs, other than Madness, which seems to have gotten more radio play.
2493;6;It is clear and clean, with great dynamics.
2493;7;The song is definitely well put together and is a great for sing-along while driving to work.
2493;8;The lyrics and music is beyond gorgeous.
2493;9;There are a couple of dance tracks, "Follow Me" which has a big, glorious ending that reminds of "The Joshua Tree" by U2, and "Panic Station" which is very INXS-esque.
2493;10;I love how the song just builds and builds until the bridge hits.
2494;1;when tedeschi and trucks got together that was a good match to bring us there good southern music for all to enjoy it get a copy
2494;2;Love this CD, love the jazzy, bluesy tone of it, love the instrumentals and love listening to her belt our the songs.
2494;3;They give their all to playing good songs.
2494;4;Love this CD, love the jazzy, bluesy tone of it, love the instrumentals and love listening to her belt our the songs.
2494;5;I bought the cd after reading an interview with Susan.
2494;6;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
2494;7;It is great for getting stuff done or driving down the road.
2494;8;"Come See About Me" starts the album out strong with Trucks' tasty slide guitar leading the way while "Don't Make Me Slide" and "Bound For Glory" are both stunners with memorable horn lines with the former having a strong gospel feel while the latter plays like an anthem with its memorable lyric and Susan's great vocals.
2494;9;this is an awesome cd, it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
2494;10;This is simple, take 2 amazing bands, led by a happily married couple, sprinkle in lots of love and voila-you have Revelator.I saved the cd into my cars juke box and can listen over and over again.
2495;1;This song is a definite highlight, the production is rich, upbeat, and very funky, and the happy yet thoughtful song is lots of fun to listen to.
2495;2;this album in 1997 made bad boy the best rap label at that time.
2495;3;Of the 23 songs, 7 are classics, 1 is almost a classic, 3 are ok, and the rest are good or great, no bad ones.
2495;4;the reason why is becauce it is simply a master pieace.
2495;5;the reason why is becauce it is simply a master pieace.
2495;6;I Got A Story To Tell - Funny story BIG tells about what happens when a guy walks into his house where Biggie's with the guy's girl.
2495;7;An excellent album, plenty of good songs to bump to (especially with a nice car system).
2495;8;Great beat and lyrics and DMC handles the chorus.
2495;9;The album is filled with happy songs that can be played at a party that everyone can dance to.
2495;10;You Tonight," a seductive love song with great production.
2480;1;I think most fans probably enjoy rush when they're at their most progressive coming to full effect on later classics such as 2112 and hemispheres but to me FBN is just good old fashioned straight ahead rock and roll (although bytor is very much the beginnings of their progressive roots) and I think really demonstrates how talented this band really was and is.
2480;2;I don't care about all the negative comments about this album this is a great album and has great musicianship on it.
2480;3;Actually sounded so good made me kind of like that album.
2480;4;For me this is where the legend begins - Rush's first truly classic album.
2480;5;But this is a strong disc , it's better than their first two cd's and they are more focused here and moving away from zep styled riffs into their own territory.
2480;6;For me this is where the legend begins - Rush's first truly classic album.
2480;7;For me this is where the legend begins - Rush's first truly classic album.
2480;8;"Rivendell" is just beautiful
2480;9;Nonetheless this is more than just a historical document - it's also a fun listen and contains the kind of stuff that had me air-guitaring around my room in high school (and sometimes still does now).
2480;10;Ok the first time I bought Fly By Night was vinyl but still love the drums.
2481;1;I think most fans probably enjoy rush when they're at their most progressive coming to full effect on later classics such as 2112 and hemispheres but to me FBN is just good old fashioned straight ahead rock and roll (although bytor is very much the beginnings of their progressive roots) and I think really demonstrates how talented this band really was and is.
2481;2;I don't care about all the negative comments about this album this is a great album and has great musicianship on it.
2481;3;I think most fans probably enjoy rush when they're at their most progressive coming to full effect on later classics such as 2112 and hemispheres but to me FBN is just good old fashioned straight ahead rock and roll (although bytor is very much the beginnings of their progressive roots) and I think really demonstrates how talented this band really was and is.
2481;4;Actually I respect the band even more for feeling this way since it pretty much sums up what the spirit of rock and roll is all about anyway.
2481;5;But this is a strong disc , it's better than their first two cd's and they are more focused here and moving away from zep styled riffs into their own territory.
2481;6;Actually I respect the band even more for feeling this way since it pretty much sums up what the spirit of rock and roll is all about anyway.
2481;7;Actually I respect the band even more for feeling this way since it pretty much sums up what the spirit of rock and roll is all about anyway.
2481;8;bytor, and in the end to the more subdued and smoother sounds of rivendell and fly by night you can just feel the emotion flowing.
2481;9;very rocking album - all songs are not so complicated as on some others seventies Rush albums and that's why they are so great and fun to listen.
2481;10;I mean there is so much to love about this album.
2482;1;All of the songs are good in relation to one another, though they would sound out of place anywhere else.
2482;2;Featuring a great vocal exercise by Lee, some brilliant high bass, and more guitar sounds than you can count, this one grabs you and doesn't let go...The level of intensity begins to drop off a bit after that-- not necessarily a bad thing, had Rush produced an album of driven hard rock songs and nothing else, I'd've likely grown bored with it pretty quickly.
2482;3;Featuring a great vocal exercise by Lee, some brilliant high bass, and more guitar sounds than you can count, this one grabs you and doesn't let go...The level of intensity begins to drop off a bit after that-- not necessarily a bad thing, had Rush produced an album of driven hard rock songs and nothing else, I'd've likely grown bored with it pretty quickly.
2482;4;Lyrically and musically it's amazing - the constructs of each song are smartly put together and are built for repeated listening.
2482;5;The album works, really well, and the new direction, musically, seems to have focused the band well into producing a superb album.
2482;6;The songs are excellent: "One Little Victory" is a riff-monster, hard and aggressive
2482;7;They are definately traveling along a newly heightened plane on this new release and only time will tell if they continue to improve or just spin on their wheels...either way, they've given us great music for many years, and I was quite impressed that they haven't succumed to the pop-culture of today's ....All in all, this album is quite a trip!
2482;8;"Ghost Rider" is very intense and I can feel the emotion of Neil's experiences of the past 4-5 years bleeding through the lyrics.
2482;9;There is a different rhythmic feel through the whole album that is infectious, fun, and hard-driving.
2482;10;I love the fact that it is a straight up ROCK album.
2483;1;While Lee was quite good and had her share of awesome material *I'm Sorry, Emotions, All Alone Am I*, Connie Francis had the superior voice and more upbeat songs...This collection captures some of her best material from the late-50's and early 1960's.
2483;2;Connie Francis is beautifully Italian- accented, soulful and a mixture of sad and happy love songs that we can all relate to.,  This album has some of Connie Francis best songs, including Who's Sorry Now, Stupid Cupid, My Happiness, Lipstick On Your Collar,Among My Souvenirs,Mama, Everybody's Somebody's Fool,My Heart Has A Mind Of Its Own, andDon't Break The Heart That Loves You.
2483;3;The liner notes have wonderful color photos of Connie and you also get an essay about Connie written by Joseph F. Laredo...Connie Francis dominated the charts for several years in the late 1950s and early 1960s--and for good reason, too.
2483;4;"Everybody's Somebody's Fool" deals with unrequited love
2483;5;"Stupid Cupid," "Lipstick on Your Collar" and "Vacation" were cute songs, too.
2483;6;"Stupid Cupid," "Lipstick on Your Collar" and "Vacation" were cute songs, too.
2483;7;My best friend was secretly in love with her, and now he asks to listen to this CD when we go to dinner or just a drive in the country!
2483;8;Connie breathes new life into this much older song
2483;9;Anyway, the point is that I had fun and this music brings back fond memories like that.
2483;10;He has the same broad-based love of music as his Momma...This is a beautiful CD and a "STROLL" down Memory Lane.
2484;1;"Days Of  Thunder" is a good song with Kix singing lead.
2484;2;You will find all of their best known songs here including several number one hits.
2484;3;"Days Of  Thunder" is a good song with Kix singing lead.
2484;4;You will find all of their best known songs here including several number one hits.
2484;5;You will find all of their best known songs here including several number one hits.
2484;6;You will find all of their best known songs here including several number one hits.
2484;7;You will find all of their best known songs here including several number one hits.
2484;8;Fun, catchy lyrics, matched with wild/good country music.
2484;9;Fun, catchy lyrics, matched with wild/good country music.
2484;10;"Little Miss Honky Tonk" is, despite it's name, almost a solid rocker
2485;1;My favorites are "O Come O Come Emmanuel" (which has been one of my favorites of theirs for the past year), "Where Are You Christmas" (with a sweet performance by Jon's daughter), "Winter Wind" (one of the pieces written by Jon Schmidt), and a beautiful rendition of "Silent Night"...It doesn't have to be Christmas to enjoy this CD, because the performances are just so beautiful.
2485;2;For the rest of the year, it gives me several new songs to add to my "any day, any time" playlist.
2485;3;"Angels We Have Heard On High" and "Good King Wenceslas" were particularly stirring.
2485;4;For the rest of the year, it gives me several new songs to add to my "any day, any time" playlist.
2485;5;I read several reviews about this CD, and found that what people love about this recording is quite true--beautiful renditions of traditional songs such as "O Come Emmanuel" are simply exquisite and stirring.
2485;6;Even a CD with nothing but Christmas songs is right at home with the rest of the Piano Guys Collection.
2485;7;I carry this CD in my car all the time, no matter the season,  It is uplifting and amazing.
2485;8;For the rest of the year, it gives me several new songs to add to my "any day, any time" playlist.
2485;9;Fun and entertaining, what more do you need!
2485;10;You've got to love the  Piano Guys.
2486;1;If you want emotion stirring dynamics, put this on and give it a spin.
2486;2;"Watching T.V." is a great and very sad story about the Tiananmen Square massacre.
2486;3;both turn in good performances on guitar, and Graham Broad is  very capable on drums.
2486;4;I have loved this album since the day it was released, and the newer mixes are an excellent addition to one of the best albums of the 90's.
2486;5;While it has  always been apparent that Waters is a gifted songwriter and had the most  influence of the four in Pink Floyd's music, it appeared that he needed the  group to keep him focused and on the right track.
2486;6;versus hearing the drums and just the power of the overall 5.1 mix on a large.HT system at home, is really dramatic, as well it should be...I'm also not sure how thrilled I am with the "remix" of Bravery of Being Out of Range,.
2486;7;Additionally, Jeff Beck lends an incredible performance: soul-wrenching guitar work driving the musical narrative ever-forward via  swells of punctuated J.B. mojo.
2486;8;"Watching T.V." is a great and very sad story about the Tiananmen Square massacre.
2486;9;The band  presented the material with confidence and authority, and Waters looked  like he was a teenager again... He was actually HAVING FUN.
2486;10;I have loved this album since the day it was released, and the newer mixes are an excellent addition to one of the best albums of the 90's.
2487;1;Seriously, two fantastic rappers, and one awesome DJ.
2487;2;This album still sounds fresh today, which is sad in some ways when we look at some of the themes that are illuminated here in.
2487;3;Flava Flav adds some good "flava" in this album by being comical with Chuck.
2487;4;First off, I love how they sampled Funkadelic's "Get Off Your A** and Jam" on "Bring the Noise".
2487;5;First off, I love how they sampled Funkadelic's "Get Off Your A** and Jam" on "Bring the Noise".
2487;6;This is an outstanding CD the splendid efforts from Chuck D on this Album  are outstanding Songs like "Bring the noise" and "Don't  beleive the hype" bring the gangster rap home This is an outstanding  album and it must be bought.
2487;7;Their driving passion is to uplift the black community.
2487;8;The fact that Chuck D. managed to cram that many words in there without getting tongued-tied is impressive in itself, but it's just a brilliant song in general: the beats
2487;9;Flavor Flav was just fun pure and simple.
2487;10;First off, I love how they sampled Funkadelic's "Get Off Your A** and Jam" on "Bring the Noise".
2511;1;All the songs on this CD are very good and I enjoy every one of them.
2511;2;The songs on this cassette range from anywhere upbeat, sad, funny and serious.
2511;3;i just had to re-buy this album and it still sounds sooooo good to me!!
2511;4;The album itself is a mixture of county, rock, and pop genre.
2511;5;The album itself is a mixture of county, rock, and pop genre.
2511;6;Honey, I'm Home is my favorite song on this CD.
2511;7;I think in this album she was more driven by her own inner creativity and less by mass marketing concerns...The ballads here are heartfelt and the faster songs convey an enthusiasm for life and youthful exuberance.
2511;8;The songs on this cassette range from anywhere upbeat, sad, funny and serious.
2511;9;I Feel Like A Woman is a fun song that is up-beat and a good dance tune.
2511;10;You're Still The One is about her love for her husband and the video is very sexy and romantic.
2510;1;I loved the way he sang the songs on AI2 and his Jukebox Tour and thoroughly enjoyed his fun songs on his latest tour.
2510;2;I am glad he got a new producer.
2510;3;The piano playing and electric guitar playing are very good here.
2510;4;I am glad he got a new producer.
2510;5;I am glad he got a new producer.
2510;6;I am glad he got a new producer.
2510;7;It is a great CD to listen to while driving in the car!!!!
2510;8;The title track shows off his vocal showcase as the lyrics detail one's journey--the emotions and experiences that shape us into the people that we are.
2510;9;The songs are emotionally reflective
2510;10;There are some lovely ballads that will please the ballad romantic lovers, and some inspirational songs, dealing with rough days, and love.
2509;1;I only listen to these tracks because they give me a heck of a good laugh all throughout the song, and it's fun.
2509;2;Very sad song with touching lyrics.
2509;3;Brittney is a very good musician.
2509;4;This has got to be one of the best-selling albums ever.
2509;5;This has got to be one of the best-selling albums ever.
2509;6;She's turned more into some model product but on this CD it's all clean, no belly tops.
2509;7;In 1999, Britney unleashed her unforgettable debut filled with hits like the title track, "Sometimes," and "You Drive Me Crazy."
2509;8;Very sad song with touching lyrics.
2509;9;.2*(You Drive Me) Crazy*10/10*Fun to dance to and probably best fast song on the cD!
2509;10;It is about a couple that promises to each other that even though they may not be together or close later on in life, they will still love each other.
2508;1;Watch You Bleed - it's a good song, similar to stuff they have done in the past, but fun to listen to all the same.
2508;2;Diary of a Deadman - another interesting one, starts off like a little story then instrumental than Ivan interjects at the end, not one of my favorites but not bad either.
2508;3;Ivan Moody is a pretty good singer.
2508;4;Ivan Moody is a pretty good singer.
2508;5;Ivan Moody is a pretty good singer.
2508;6;Ivan Moody is a pretty good singer.
2508;7;If you are a fellow metal head then buy this immediately and prepare yourself for the trip it's going to take you on!
2508;8;The melodies are great and the lyrics too.
2508;9;Watch You Bleed - it's a good song, similar to stuff they have done in the past, but fun to listen to all the same.
2508;10;I love the live version best.
2507;1;Truly is a good mellow love song I enjoyed.
2507;2;It's too bad this has happened, because Damita Jo is one of the year's most entertaining albums...In a few ways, this is Janet's "Erotica."
2507;3;Keep up the good work Janet....
2507;4;Janet is truly an innovator, an original, an icon, and this album does a fantastic job of proving that to anyone who may think differently.
2507;5;I keep reading on the reviews that other people did that she keeps singing about sex and needs to be like Madonna and cover up but I HIGHLY disagree, I mean look at Madonna she looks aged I wouldn't want to see her naked, but Janet still looks sexy, she has a great body and she can still move/dance better than some 20 year olds.
2507;6;It has a dreamy atmosphere which reminds me the best of "lounge" music, it's indeed a 1st-rate funky house song.
2507;7;It is erotic and it sure does drive the point home!
2507;8;It's too bad this has happened, because Damita Jo is one of the year's most entertaining albums...In a few ways, this is Janet's "Erotica."
2507;9;She's still her sexy self on some of the songs and others she just want to dance and fun such as "R&B Junkie" ,"Damita Jo", "Island Life, and "Just a Little While."
2507;10;and the chilled 'slo love' groove, nice bass!
2506;1;'Only a Fool Would Say That' is my favourite from this album, and it's great to see it making its way onto a Dan compilation for once, the fantastic 'Showbiz Kids'.
2506;2;Match that with Becker's active bass, sterling guitar solos, and catchy, memorable melodies and lyrics, and you have one heck of an album...Though they continued to develop, refine, and originate many more years of tremendous music-making, they didn't do too bad for a first effort.
2506;3;The Dan are a great band, and this cd of mellow yet hard edged rock makes a good addition to any collection.
2506;4;Although sporting two lead vocalists, this is ithe Dan album with the fewest musicians.
2506;5;This requires some detailed explanation so that you choose the right issue for you - so here goes.....The entry you're reading is the 25 June 2008 SHM-CD of Steely Dan's debut album "Can't Buy A Thrill" on Geffen/Universal UICY-93515.
2506;6;"Fire In The Hole" is a burner and "Brooklyn" is a solid effort.
2506;7;"Fire In The Hole" is a burner and "Brooklyn" is a solid effort.
2506;8;Match that with Becker's active bass, sterling guitar solos, and catchy, memorable melodies and lyrics, and you have one heck of an album...Though they continued to develop, refine, and originate many more years of tremendous music-making, they didn't do too bad for a first effort.
2506;9;"Fire In The Hole" is a burner and "Brooklyn" is a solid effort.
2506;10;Awesome CD, anyone who loves music from this generation needs this CD.
2505;1;Staind is very good at acoustic tracks but having the full band playing amps up the emotions so much higher after hearing it acoustic so many times.
2505;2;He's clearly sharing personal pain and experience with us, and the more honest it is (did anyone else find "Me" from "Dysfunction" the most heart-wrenching track on the album), the more we relate.
2505;3;This has a good chrous and good lyrics.
2505;4;He also has possibly the best voice I have ever heard.
2505;5;He also has possibly the best voice I have ever heard.
2505;6;He also has possibly the best voice I have ever heard.
2505;7;He also has possibly the best voice I have ever heard.
2505;8;While the lyrics still deal with the darker emotions of broken marriages, introverted AND extroverted torment and wrenching sadness, Lewis positions himself as a truly outstanding vocalist.
2505;9;its been overplayed zillions of times, but still a fun chorus and great lyrics make it a worthwile hit.
2505;10;If you like bands like Cold, Godsmack, or KoRn, you will love Staind.
2504;1;The video shows him in what looks like a forest having a fun and happy time surrounded by many people partying.
2504;2;And his sad voice is, well, effectively sad.
2504;3;Last year I had a good reason to look forward to every single episode of American Idol and that reason was Adam Lambert.
2504;4;In addition, the quality of the sound on this CD is excellent..."Music Again" sports a good musical intro after which Adam throws himself into this number with all his heart and soul for an electric performance
2504;5;I have read online and with some of these reviews that imply his great talent, and the bright future that he has before him.
2504;6;"Soaked" has some BEAUTIFUL vocals........"PICK U UP" Takes you for a "VOCAL RIDE" as he goes up and up and up at a faster and faster pace  while approaching the Bridge of the song........and then goes even higher as his voice EXPLODES and brings it home.....(NO SCREAMING IN THIS ONE....Just some powerful high notes) "FEVER" is Reminiscent of "LED ZEPPELIN" and is a ROCKIN SONG.
2504;7;This album makes me happy and I feel like dancing when I crank it in my car.
2504;8;The music will make you high...you will feel every emotion, you will be astounded by his voice, you will feel like dancing and going crazy one minute and then you will be reduced to tears when he sings his ballads.
2504;9;The video shows him in what looks like a forest having a fun and happy time surrounded by many people partying.
2504;10;A couple sound like songs that I would love to see in a Broadway production.
2503;1;good guitar mix, good drumming, and his singing is really good...every song is jammed packed and hard, even hollow life gets good.
2503;2;Korn have always been viewed as a complainer's band, always focusing on the negative, but on this one, Jonathan is a lot more positive.
2503;3;good guitar mix, good drumming, and his singing is really good...every song is jammed packed and hard, even hollow life gets good.
2503;4;"Hollow Life", a semi-industrial, strange but moving song, finds Davis singing better than he has on any of Korns 4 previous multi-million selling albums.
2503;5;"Issues" was the album when the band got focused but on "Untouchables", the band is even more focused than they were on "Issues" and they experiment with different styles and techniques (ambiance, electronic-based instrumentation, synths that sound inspired by the Cure)...All of what they did works and sounds great
2503;6;"Beat it Upright" is a sing-song metal dirge that would have been at home on Follow the Leader, and "Noones There" showcases Davis's new & improved vocals with the bands ability to switch musical gears and still sound powerful.
2503;7;"Hollow Life", a semi-industrial, strange but moving song, finds Davis singing better than he has on any of Korns 4 previous multi-million selling albums.
2503;8;The lyrics are really good.
2503;9;Each and every song, some subtle, some profane and some fun, serve as a non-stop barrage of what we should be hearing in rock and metal today.
2503;10;That's the beauty of dedicated Korn fans...they'll love Korn cds, even when their edited!
2502;1;i remeber hearing these guys on the radio around november last year....their first songle - hanging by a moment, is probably one of the best songs i have ever heard.....their music is somewhat like rock/pop....very good though....the trax on the album have great meaning and some are very emotional...especially the last one....For anyone who enjoys great music....get this cd.
2502;2;This cd has an awesome mix of songs, love songs, sad songs,.
2502;3;This is the greatest review or anything I just wanted to give my five cents and say this is the best cd and the whole cd is good, no just a few songs.
2502;4;But one day my friend was listening to the CD and absolutely fell in love with the song.
2502;5;ONly One is my favorite, and is what the main focus of this album is.
2502;6;"Hanging By A Moment" brought tears to my eyes the first time that i heard and all the other songs come close to home too.
2502;7;While "Hanging By A Moment" is awesome, a love power trip, the last song on the album, "Everything" is destined to be a bigger hit, from the way it moves from soft orchestrated ballad to power love song and back, to the emotions it evokes through its haunting lyrics.
2502;8;While "Hanging By A Moment" is awesome, a love power trip, the last song on the album, "Everything" is destined to be a bigger hit, from the way it moves from soft orchestrated ballad to power love song and back, to the emotions it evokes through its haunting lyrics.
2502;9;And just for fun, click the "yes" button to the proceeding question.
2502;10;Later, my girlfriend was telling me how much she loved the song, so I bought the cd for her.
2501;1;happy with the selections and sound quality is good too...happy with purchase...
2501;2;There are few Greatest Hits albums that really flow and sound great track after track until you feel kinda sad when you reach the end.
2501;3;What an album, it is so good it should be required listening for everybody, it could be the way to world peace!
2501;4;The entire album is a delight to listen to.
2501;5;The entire album is a delight to listen to.
2501;6;Everyone in the house will be singing along all the way through.
2501;7;From Bohemian Raphsody to I'm in Love to My Car, all songs are perfect.
2501;8;My personal favourites are the beautiful "Somebody To Love", with Roger, Brian and Freddie multi-tracked to the point of sounding like a gospel choir
2501;9;This is fun music to listen to.
2501;10;Everyone's favorites will differ and all will find some song they love not included but as I said - for me this is the best collection out there and is definitelty worth the price.
2500;1;Lots of blues, lots of good playing, and Eric obviously enjoyed recording this.
2500;2;A touch of the blues and a touch of everything else.
2500;3;Good music from Eric as always.
2500;4;A touch of the blues and a touch of everything else.
2500;5;I read recently where he stated this could be his last cd.I can't imagine the music world without Eric Clapton around.If you have to retire this is a very good way to do it.
2500;6;A touch of the blues and a touch of everything else.
2500;7;A touch of the blues and a touch of everything else.
2500;8;A touch of the blues and a touch of everything else.
2500;9;A touch of the blues and a touch of everything else.
2500;10;love Eric Clapton and great quality CD thumbs up
2499;1;this is an awesome cd it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
2499;2;It is the serrated-tooth, gaping maw of death, where one transcends  mere physical existence and becomes a larger, more profound being just by  listening to it.
2499;3;It was good ol' Iggy who wanted to be in charge of the board, and being the character that he is, thought he could do it without any help.
2499;4;It is the serrated-tooth, gaping maw of death, where one transcends  mere physical existence and becomes a larger, more profound being just by  listening to it.
2499;5;The band's earlier work, which included classics such as "I Wanna Be Your Dog" and "1969" were wonderfully chaotic outings, but "Raw Power" is focused chaos, a scorching mix of brilliant musical violence that has been remixed here with great skill.
2499;6;The sound is  clean, clear, and crisp.
2499;7;The closing Death Trip is a good song that lasts for a long time.
2499;8;Here is sounds clear, sharp and more focused and you can really appreciate Iggy's performance and the lyrics ("kiss me like the ocean breeze").
2499;9;this is an awesome cd it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
2499;10;If you love rock and roll you own this.
2498;1;Some good anti-biotics will clear up the blockage in your ear canals so you can start enjoying her music like the rest of the world.
2498;2;Love it, brought back a lot of memories of back in the day.
2498;3;Some good anti-biotics will clear up the blockage in your ear canals so you can start enjoying her music like the rest of the world.
2498;4;Love it, brought back a lot of memories of back in the day.
2498;5;Love it, brought back a lot of memories of back in the day.
2498;6;Love it, brought back a lot of memories of back in the day.
2498;7;It is the perfect CD for my car.
2498;8;This album will give you an injection of soul and get you singing along to the familiar lyrics everyone's heard countless times.
2498;9;This brought me back to the good ol times when I remember partying in such CLASS!
2498;10;Love it, brought back a lot of memories of back in the day.
2497;1;Mudcrutch - Tom Petty and gang truly are keeping those lighters lit on good ole fashioned RnR.
2497;2;After a successful 30 year career, Tom Petty felt the time was right to reunite his pre-Heartbreakers band, Mudcrutch.
2497;3;Mudcrutch - Tom Petty and gang truly are keeping those lighters lit on good ole fashioned RnR.
2497;4;After a successful 30 year career, Tom Petty felt the time was right to reunite his pre-Heartbreakers band, Mudcrutch.
2497;5;After a successful 30 year career, Tom Petty felt the time was right to reunite his pre-Heartbreakers band, Mudcrutch.
2497;6;He's back on the bass and it's like he's come home.
2497;7;Randall Marsh swings with a really sweet driven groove and flow.
2497;8;There is an optimism in Tom Petty's lyrics throughout.
2497;9;To me, it also sounds like they're having fun playing...Best of the CD:  "Shady Grove", "Scare Easy," and "Topanga Cowgirl."
2497;10;"Oh Maria" features some of Petty's best singing ever, while "This is a Good Street" and "Wrong Thing to do" are back to back rockers..."Queen of the Go-go Girls" is the most countrified performance here, while "June Apple" allows the band to stretch out Allmans style, especially the guitars and keyboardist Tench...Mudcrutch is an obvious labor of love for Petty, and his band has produced vital rock music as well as a reunion of kindred spirits.
2496;1;This is a great collection and I enjoy hearing the "oldies" from this group.....lots of good memories and good songs from this album.
2496;2;But so what, the hits make this swooner's voice worth the price of the cd.
2496;3;The songs instantly bring me back to the late sixties
2496;4;But so what, the hits make this swooner's voice worth the price of the cd.
2496;5;But so what, the hits make this swooner's voice worth the price of the cd.
2496;6;But so what, the hits make this swooner's voice worth the price of the cd.
2496;7;This CD is for all music lovers who ever once in a while want to take a trip back to the 60's just to enjoy the venture.
2496;8;But what they did have was massive talent: Puckett's powerhouse, deep throated, smooth vocals
2496;9;But so what, the hits make this swooner's voice worth the price of the cd.
2496;10;To express my love for this album has really no true answer in itself, all of the songs represent a time of my life and the world affairs at the time and place.
2526;1;At age 60, George Strait is in great voice, singing and writing some wonderful country songs that touch the emotions deeply.
2526;2;I love the whole CD, there is not a bad song on it there are just some I like a little better...He is the King for a reason - he has a great ear for great songs, and I am so glad he is writing more now.
2526;3;I love the whole CD, there is not a bad song on it there are just some I like a little better...He is the King for a reason - he has a great ear for great songs, and I am so glad he is writing more now.
2526;4;It is flat-out authentic and honest country music, produced by long-time Strait associate Tony Brown, and it is Highly Recommended.
2526;5;Grammy-winning Hall of Famer George Strait, the "King of Country Music" with more #1 Hits than anyone in any musical genre, delivers another big winner focused on 'love lost, love found, and love that's just hanging around'.
2526;6;Like that he keeps a clean image.
2526;7;The 'best of the best' begins with the fast-moving happy story of "I Got A Car".
2526;8;At age 60, George Strait is in great voice, singing and writing some wonderful country songs that touch the emotions deeply.
2526;9;It is flat-out authentic and honest country music, produced by long-time Strait associate Tony Brown, and it is Highly Recommended.
2526;10;The mellow swinger "You Don't Know What You're Missing" is a "grass is greener" look at love.
2527;1;With just the right amount of emotion, sadness, joy, desperation, rawness and strength is what makes MJB who and what she is!
2527;2;This work is psychoanalysis in its purest form, tailored for the levels of humanity that has survived pain in any form be it interpersonal or internally.
2527;3;In another exceptional cut, "Good Woman Down", Blige tells the story about her father being abusive to her mother very powerfully.
2527;4;It blends the perfect amount of her hip street influenced upbeat songs that just screams MJB from the second the song starts to her signature mid-tempo/ballady R&B songs that ONLY Mary can do to perfection.
2527;5;Like she has time to read this!
2527;6;Can't Get Enough, Ain't Really Love (about not being love if you are trying to bring a person down, words really hit home with some people I see), and I Found My Everything are really good songs as well.
2527;7;This is a bonus track on the UK edition, as is the last track, the funky guitar driven `Show love' featuring fiery vocals...One of the best releases (of any musical genre) of 2005!
2527;8;With just the right amount of emotion, sadness, joy, desperation, rawness and strength is what makes MJB who and what she is!
2527;9;It makes you want to get up and dance with someone and have fun.
2527;10;"The Love I Never Had" is still one of my favorite Mary J Blige ballads and the duet with her former boyfriend K-Ci of Jodeci, "Not Lookin'", is still a classic in my opinion.
2524;1;For as good as 'Let's Get It On' and 'What's Goin' On' are I have to say 'I Want You' is better...This is the most complete album Gaye ever released.
2524;2;This is his real masterpiece.
2524;3;For as good as 'Let's Get It On' and 'What's Goin' On' are I have to say 'I Want You' is better...This is the most complete album Gaye ever released.
2524;4;This is his real masterpiece.
2524;5;This is his real masterpiece.
2524;6;This is his real masterpiece.
2524;7;that what make this album  will be played,listened,reviewed,and hailed as long as the world  turns.listen to the album,and u will be touched so  deeply,cry,laugh,drive,work,and make love to it.
2524;8;Covered by artists like Massive Attack featuring Madonna, and Robert Palmer, the song gets reprised twice, especially as a horn laden instrumental near the end of the album...This #15 US pop hit (#1 R&B) sets the tone for the rest of this album
2524;9;after the dance, a nice way to end the album off indeed.
2524;10;The only problem(s) I had with this album are the feminine moaning within a couple of tracks, and the instrumentals act as fillers...Other than that, this is a fantastic album from Mr. Gaye, mostly mellow and lyrically about love or fascination with beauty.
2525;1;The music is fantastic and it is so fun to watch...Other classics not to forget about are:.
2525;2;This is a cute, sweet song about a girl whose prom night has been ruined by "the cruel force of nature from the blue".... "and the Asiatic flu".
2525;3;It has some new recordings of 1950's music and has good 1970's music in it as well.
2525;4;I bought the original soundtrack to the movie, but when I saw this special deluxe edition, I knew I had to buy it (I had already purchased the 25th anniversary DVD)...I loved the fact that the first disc included songs that were not in the movie such as "It's Raining On Prom Night" and "Freddy My Love."
2525;5;In fact, it's probably improved with time, as my focus isn't just on the well known hit songs from the movie.
2525;6;it's also the most fun to listen to cuz I know the words to every song, and I have fun singing along to it while I am doing house work, or most recently, in my car, after a rough day, it was the perfect music to lift my spirits up.
2525;7;it's also the most fun to listen to cuz I know the words to every song, and I have fun singing along to it while I am doing house work, or most recently, in my car, after a rough day, it was the perfect music to lift my spirits up.
2525;8;Tucked inside one of the panels is a booklet that contains lyrics and credits...The "Grease: 25th Anniversary Deluxe Edition" is a terrifically fun soundtrack to one of the all-time great movie musicals.
2525;9;It's fun to dance to.
2525;10;Then you'll love this CD packed with fun pop/rock songs as well as some romantic music.
2522;1;It gives you a good reminder of past accomplishments..."Hours of Wealth" is another calm song.
2522;2;The compositions are very organic from start to finish, and the addition of keyboard player Per Wiberg only serves to add more dimension to their music as opposed to influence their direction in a negative way...Speaking of Wiberg, some of the songs on the album are very much accommodating, as they allow Wiberg to pull out ever-colourful synth sounds, blazing organs, grand and electric piano, and the Mellotron.
2522;3;It gives you a good reminder of past accomplishments..."Hours of Wealth" is another calm song.
2522;4;It's got playful little percussion with a tinge of a middle-eastern feeling and a very tranquil atmosphere.
2522;5;Support the scene and buy this great album, and please click YES if you took the time to read my review.
2522;6;You'll love that sudden absolutely crazy guitar solo somewhere in the middle..."Isolation Years" is practically a lullaby
2522;7;The keyboard work during the acoustic passages of this song is subtle and necessary and is followed by a distortion driven section that has one of the better melodic leads on the album over-top of it.
2522;8;The piece features some of the best lyrics on this album and is impressively finalised with a climactic ending.
2522;9;Now they've added synth and keyboards into their sound on a full time basis and what may be an album that long time Opeth fans will not like at first, the band may have written their finest album...The riffing is much more complex, the solos are inspiring, and the songs even with all their abrasiveness are just downright fun and easy to get into...something I thought I would never say about Opeth.
2522;10;You'll love that sudden absolutely crazy guitar solo somewhere in the middle..."Isolation Years" is practically a lullaby
2523;1;Good chorus, and the lyrics for this song are great unlike some others!
2523;2;Fall to Pieces-10/10: One of the slowest songs on the album, it certainly isn't bad because of that,and stands as a very heartfelt song.
2523;3;Fall to Pieces-10/10: One of the slowest songs on the album, it certainly isn't bad because of that,and stands as a very heartfelt song.
2523;4;The music here absolutely rocks!
2523;5;An interesting choice in that most of us had been expecting to open the newspaper some morning and read a story about authorities finding Wieland dead in an apartment somewhere of an apparent drug "misfortune".
2523;6;I did have to clean the vinyl prior to playing them and they sounded great.
2523;7;"Illegal I Song" and "Superhuman" sound like end of the world anthems of decadence and debauchery, but the band members know how to do it with gusto and Weiland brings his melodic brushstrokes from his STP days and masterfully mingles them with Slash's burning guitar licks and Matt Sorum's driving drums.
2523;8;Scott Weiland truly shows his experiences and emotions during the past years through his lyrics, and I can't talk enough about the rest of the band.
2523;9;i highly recommend seeing them they are fun and have alot of energy.
2523;10;I love every song on this
2520;1;the mastering is very good and if you like any of Bill Withers songs, I feel like you will enjoy all of these.
2520;2;It is a wonderful variety of tunes: some sweet, some fun, some sad, some sassy and sexy.
2520;3;Not only has the sound been very well remastered for a great sounding cd but the choice of tracks are also very good.
2520;4;The rhythm and soul man who happened on the 4th of July is an American gift.
2520;5;And he has turned down repeated requests from The Roots' Questlove to let him produce what would be Withers' first album in three decades...After reading the article I came away with a new found respect for an artist who was comfortable with his place in the history of popular music and willing to walk away with a sense of satisfaction with what he had accomplished...Those accomplishments are certainly evident on this generous 18-track collection.
2520;6;I listen to his music while I cook, clean, etc, and his soulful voice is so soothing to me the task I'm engaged in seems that much easier.
2520;7;that he had composed so many great tunes... This album now lives in the stack system in my car...Arrived promptly and in good order.
2520;8;I LOVE every song on here equally: the breezy emotion of 'I Want to Spend the Night' an' 'Let Me Be the One You Need' to the soothing comfort of 'Hello Like Before' that holds up as one'a the best ballads of yearning ever recorded.
2520;9;It is a wonderful variety of tunes: some sweet, some fun, some sad, some sassy and sexy.
2520;10;We see the inside of his songs the grandeur of the human spirit and the kind of love that moves mountains.
2521;1;They signed with Richard Branson's V2 Records and enjoyed a good five year run of hits and albums to boot.
2521;2;This album's color is blue, which means everything in connection with it is blue including every outfit White wears.
2521;3;Jack Whites requiem is the thing right now in a good way .
2521;4;I'm very happy he is continuing to experiment with his music and change things up.
2521;5;I'm very happy he is continuing to experiment with his music and change things up.
2521;6;just something everyone should have and or at least witness at friends house that has a turntable.
2521;7;I was very happy to listen to the album I wanted with "Lazaretto" This record is much more electric guitar driven than "Blunderbuss" and isn't afraid of experimentation with songs like "Just One Drink" I feel like Jack White has really made himself an established solo artist that doesn't live in the shadow of the fame of his former band.
2521;8;There is a nicely printed glossy lyric sheet which is separate from the black sleeve...8.
2521;9;/this makes it all fun again!
2521;10;I loved how it was used almost dueling the the electric guitar at some points.
2518;1;Great production on a live album, and while I greatly enjoy almost every song on the disc, Nutshell is particularly good, live, and unplugged.
2518;2;Its kind of sad seeing Layne so unhealthy but its an amazing performance.
2518;3;Despite having each and every AIC CD, I find myself reaching for "Unplugged" whenever I want to hear any of these songs--it's that good.
2518;4;Despite having each and every AIC CD, I find myself reaching for "Unplugged" whenever I want to hear any of these songs--it's that good.
2518;5;Despite having each and every AIC CD, I find myself reaching for "Unplugged" whenever I want to hear any of these songs--it's that good.
2518;6;Must have for any fan, Layne semi cleaned up a great memory recorded, all songs epic
2518;7;Staley's voice sounds achingly beautiful here, and the bass really drives the piece.
2518;8;The music is performed well, but the real power is in the emotion behind the lyrics.
2518;9;Despite having each and every AIC CD, I find myself reaching for "Unplugged" whenever I want to hear any of these songs--it's that good.
2518;10;But that's just why I  love them, cuz they're capable of doing great on both sides.
2519;1;This CD is a must for those who enjoy good music.
2519;2;she can be so flirtatious, so happy and soooooo sad.
2519;3;The truth is they're all good.
2519;4;Great from the first to the last song.
2519;5;Great from the first to the last song.
2519;6;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
2519;7;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
2519;8;Joe is a great guitarist and Beth's soulful lyrics explode from somewhere deep inside of her.
2519;9;A really fun track, and a great album overall.
2519;10;My wife loves Chocolate Jesus, I'd Rather Go Blind and I'll Take Care of You.
2516;1;there is good country music out there if you poke around long enough.
2516;2;Sturgill is the new face of Country Music and he brings it back to what it SHOULD be.
2516;3;there is good country music out there if you poke around long enough.
2516;4;Sturgill is the new face of Country Music and he brings it back to what it SHOULD be.
2516;5;Sturgill is the new face of Country Music and he brings it back to what it SHOULD be.
2516;6;Sturgill is the new face of Country Music and he brings it back to what it SHOULD be.
2516;7;This is one of the finest hard driving country I've heard in a while.
2516;8;Love it - a range of emotions including an infectiously wry Life Of Sin whose lyrics belies the old style sound.
2516;9;Sturgill is the new face of Country Music and he brings it back to what it SHOULD be.
2516;10;I'd like to buy this man a beer or three.....I love this whole CD.
2517;1;These guys are definitely ..., and not all that happy about the system, but through the seriousness of it all, it's good music period.
2517;2;In all of Rage's defiant individuality, they certainly never created a bad album, but even by lofty standards, Battle of Los Angeles is a watershed that surpasses all expectations.
2517;3;Another point is also how damn good a guitarist Tom Morrello is.
2517;4;My suggestion: buy this and mix it with their  first album and you will have the dopest workout tape ever.
2517;5;The lyrics almost make too much sense, I read through the lyrics while listening to the music, and there is a huge, deep meaning and protest in every song.
2517;6;this is a band for the real world and for music lovers who like their music polictally charged people make me laugh when they say politics should stay in the white house and not in music.
2517;7;It forces you to think about things that are going on in the world, and even if only for about an hour makes you forget about your consumer driven lives.
2517;8;Zack's lyrics were so powerful and the emotion he poured into them was simply heart-racing.
2517;9;Needless to say, every song on here is EXREMELY good and will give you hours of rebellious fun, while you rock out the the great music here.
2517;10;I bought this cd about 3 years ago, and i loved it from teh first day that i listened to it.
2514;1;This was a good night, but the cover songs that normally comprise a big part of R.E.M.'s live work are not a part of this show, because the FM market was hearing strictly band composed material, a proper strategy to win over a new audience...Live R.E.M. in the early eighties is a raw punk driven force of noise and frantic energy, that is very fun to be a part of.
2514;2;The truly great thing about this album is that all of the songs are just so good in: creativity, composition, singing, drum-work, bass lines, chinging guitar, and words(if you can understand what Mike is saying...it's not that bad.)
2514;3;The truly great thing about this album is that all of the songs are just so good in: creativity, composition, singing, drum-work, bass lines, chinging guitar, and words(if you can understand what Mike is saying...it's not that bad.)
2514;4;And that's how it should be.
2514;5;Its amazing to read all these reviews and see that its not only me that felt that this album is much more than a CD, its more like a soundtrack to all the happy and sad moments in your life.
2514;6;But one spin, and by "Catapult", I'm driving home from purchasing this, singing lyrics at the top of my lungs that were never there to begin with, deeply wishing I could shave 25 years off my life and encounter Berry Buck Mills Stipe again with a fresh set of ears, and even better, secretly negotiating with myself that the hefty price tag was completely worth it after three songs.
2514;7;This was a good night, but the cover songs that normally comprise a big part of R.E.M.'s live work are not a part of this show, because the FM market was hearing strictly band composed material, a proper strategy to win over a new audience...Live R.E.M. in the early eighties is a raw punk driven force of noise and frantic energy, that is very fun to be a part of.
2514;8;Stipe's vocals, as on most of their  earlier output, render the lyrics essentially indecipherable, but the bits  that get through are striking and affecting
2514;9;Another thing you can notice is that this is dancing music.
2514;10;Melodically the band shows its chops - this is some of their best work in that department, although R.E.M. has given the world some great melodies throughout their career...For fans only familiar with their Warner material (or the IRS hit "The One I Love", MURMUR will sound more alien to them than even to a first time listener of this record without the rest of the band's output to judge by or put into context.
2515;1;This CD expands the range of Britney's short, but fun career, so you can enjoy the guilty pleasures of her early teen career to her current more adult sound.
2515;2;the song "do somethin`" is awesome and very different from the rest of her songs, not that the other songs are bad.
2515;3;I know people give bad opinions to her after her little "cheating" thing, but think again, her music has nothing to do with her real life, and she is kind of a good singer, so why not buy it and listen to it and maybe you will like it for the one's who have never listen to her before.
2515;4;and always have a good melody to em.
2515;5;If you just read what the idiot conservative people are saying about her on this site, you'll get the picture.
2515;6;Listening to it in the car on the way home, made me realize how much Britney has contributed to the best music of our lifetime.
2515;7;It brings back memories, well, not really, but it's a great song...(You Drive Me) Crazy: 5/5 Her best song from Baby One More Time.
2515;8;The Arabian beat and sexy undertone give this song an interesting vibe, with some pretty bizarre lyrics that make the song really fun in a weird way.
2515;9;Her contribution to the world of music over the last five years, has been catchy, hook-laden and fun pop, and more recently, dance music, accompanied by colorful videos and great dance routines.
2515;10;All of b's best...I personally reccommend this cd because evryone loves her...Even if you hate her image now, you will love this album...Shes Just Begun Having Her Fun.
2512;1;I transitioned from albums to cassette tapes, and I'm happy now to finally have them as cd's to enjoy again in my car and home.
2512;2;the next day however i listened to it again, and found it wasn't as bad as i'd made it out to be.
2512;3;For me, this is a good album to listen to late in the evening, right before going to sleep ... It must also have something to do with the nighttime setting on the album cover, but much of the instrumentation creates a "dreamy" atmosphere on this recording, most notably the mellotrons, so it's a nice album to relax to.
2512;4;The album then kicks into gear with "The Story In Your Eyes", probably the band's most hard-rocking tune and always a concert favorite.
2512;5;When I read the lyrics on the LP's liner notes, I knew I was in for a treat...The ride the band takes you on is unforgettable, alternately accelerating and slowing in and with each cut.
2512;6;It's a truly delightful song with an up temp and playful bass line..."You Can Never Go Home" is very simply Hayward saying, to quote another song of his, "I believe what is lost is lost forever"..."My Song" is Pinder's plea for "a planet with one mind"..."before it's too late".
2512;7;Of course, "The  Story In Your Eyes" was the smash single driving the album up the charts,  and every song from The Procession" to the final "My Song are quite good.
2512;8;the next day however i listened to it again, and found it wasn't as bad as i'd made it out to be.
2512;9;Extra tracks are fun too!
2512;10;If you liked the original LP album, you will love this CD with extra music added.
2513;1;It has good sound and the song selection is some of the better songs by Johnny Cash.
2513;2;I would recommend this album for any person that loves music.
2513;3;It has good sound and the song selection is some of the better songs by Johnny Cash.
2513;4;I would recommend this album for any person that loves music.
2513;5;I would recommend this album for any person that loves music.
2513;6;If you have Prime and just listen at home, you can stream it as part of your subscription.
2513;7;While you can stream it with Prime and even play it on your Echo, I bought the CD to load it into the car's music system.
2513;8;Also a very well written song if you think about the lyrics.
2513;9;The king of country with his greatest songs  "I  draw the Line", "Sunday Morning Coming Down", "Ring of Fire" and all the unforgettable songs, be they love songs or ballads or even fun songs are included in this great set.
2513;10;I would recommend this album for any person that loves music.
2541;1;These are the songs that I have listened to and enjoyed for over 40 years and they are just as good and relevant as they were when I was a kid.
2541;2;Sad day, as his music was and is still enjoyable!
2541;3;The songs are all good on this album, however.
2541;4;He has a warm comforting voice.
2541;5;He has a warm comforting voice.
2541;6;He has a warm comforting voice.
2541;7;I've loved this album for more than 30 years and it's now on my sync in my car!
2541;8;The huge hit Wild World has seen many cover versions and Stevens' knack for marrying catchy tunes to poetic lyrics are in evidence throughout.
2541;9;He has a warm comforting voice.
2541;10;I love Cat Stevens, because I grew up listening to him.
2540;1;Great guitar riffing, good singing, good lyrics, fantastic musicianship...For those that like short, snappy songs - BEWARE -- all songs here are long jams...Reminds me of his first albums with "Cinnamon Girl", "Cowgirl in the Sand" and "Down by the River".
2540;2;It is great to see all the 5 star reviews for this cd as Neil has received some negative comments on his last few releases.
2540;3;"Walk Like A Giant" is the third song over 10 minutes and to my ears the lesser of the three - but that's not a bad thing - it's like "Over and Over" on Ragged Glory - still very good!
2540;4;The ambitious Driftin' Back sets the tone and should go down as a Young classic.
2540;5;PSYCHEDELIC PILL is an intricate album that I predict will endure as a kind of sonic evergreen, which will be studied and appreciated for decades to come.
2540;6;I like his gentle acoustic albums a great deal, but when he decides to pick up his electric guitar you know he's going to bring down the house, especially when he's working with Crazy Horse...This new album is excellent
2540;7;This to me is similar to the ending to the Zuma album where in my opinion Cortez The Killer should have been the final track...This is certainly my favourite of the Crazy Horse jamming albums, great production and plenty of trips that have been rarely bettered with the Horse.
2540;8;Both the lyrics and the musicianship could occasionally be mistaken as the efforts of a beginner
2540;9;A party girl looking for a good time, its one of many songs where Neil sings of a seemingly distant unattainable mystery woman...Ramada Inn is where disc 1 is at, its perhaps Neil and the Horses best tune since Change Your Mind, a story song with an uplifting chorus sung by the Horse.
2540;10;Young singing about the ageing process,in"Ramada Inn" he's looking back, from the long-married couple,17 minutes of broiling guitars and stressed reaction in which Young examines a love that has somehow stayed alive long after the high times turned into routine and basic daily needs.
2543;1;Very good Christmas CD to listen to,,,,I actually enjoy listening to this Christmas music!
2543;2;I bought this cd for myself and have since bought  9 more for Christmas gifts.
2543;3;a delight from start to finish (even icky cee lo green sounds good) .
2543;4;I bought this cd for myself and have since bought  9 more for Christmas gifts.
2543;5;I bought this cd for myself and have since bought  9 more for Christmas gifts.
2543;6;It's crisp and clean, nicely done.
2543;7;I bought this cd for myself and have since bought  9 more for Christmas gifts.
2543;8;His strength is in selling the emotion in these songs.
2543;9;These Christmas songs are very nice party music.
2543;10;His way with music is such a delight and I just love to listen to this CD.
2542;1;It's a little eerie, dark, poppy, catchy, fun, mellow, rock, depressing, and even happy all rolled into one.
2542;2;Just a pleasure to listen to, not a bad track on it.
2542;3;Scott's lyrics really fit the mood  of the music ("Moderation is masturbation, what is what and what makes  you feel good?")
2542;4;It still has grunge efforts, but they  have a more extensive range in this one.
2542;5;I bought a digital copy of this great, classic album when I read that Scott weiland had passed away.
2542;6;It still has grunge efforts, but they  have a more extensive range in this one.
2542;7;"Interstate Love Song" is a great example of a driving guitar based songs that is immediately accessible and monstrously catchy.
2542;8;Weilands' vocals are more confident and the lyrics are as great as the "Core" ones.
2542;9;It may not rock quite as hard as Nirvana or have the realistic, personal lyrics of Pearl Jam, but it makes up for it with its melodic and fun rock music.
2542;10;If you liked there earlier works you will love 'purple'.
2537;1;I enjoy Dylan and this is a good cd of his music that I can enjoy when I want to hear it.
2537;2;When I read a review, I like to see negative reviews that say, for example, "I don't like ... because of ... and ...", because it can help me decide on wether to buy the disc or not if I've never heard the artist before...But besides that, this is a good beginner compilation.
2537;3;The Essential Bob Dylan attempts to do this task and does a pretty good job.
2537;4;And many of Dylan's albums have a distinct sound and flow that makes them more rewarding than any greatest hits package ever could.
2537;5;I read about him and he was a fascinating man...I'm surprised that people haven't heard of Bob Dyaln, of course everyone now is listening to that brain numbing crap.
2537;6;And many of Dylan's albums have a distinct sound and flow that makes them more rewarding than any greatest hits package ever could.
2537;7;And many of Dylan's albums have a distinct sound and flow that makes them more rewarding than any greatest hits package ever could.
2537;8;This should be a good introduction to he of the grating voice and greater lyrics.
2537;9;Still, the controversy is great fun!
2537;10;I really love this CD
2536;1;realy  enjoy  this  one  good  beat
2536;2;"Atlantic City" is positively beautiful, just Springsteen's gravelly, sad voice and faraway background vocals, a warm acoustic guitar and an interjecting harmonica...Midway through the album, Springsteen's more sheeny fare takes center stage.
2536;3;This piece of music has it all : Great tune ,Superb calm rhythm ,remarkably true and realistic words, soothing Harmonica ,and, you can't ignore the voice of the Boss himself....Sit down, relax and just listen
2536;4;I take this everywhere - including the gym - and find it totally inspiring.
2536;5;That's what's so nice about Bruce: his songs are ever so honest, so heartfelt, that it's impossible not to relate to them.
2536;6;If you have a couple of beers, and you're at home, push "play" and "turn on"!
2536;7;But still pop it in the car cd player and crank it up because this is a great cd with high rockability factor and Springsteen songs are perfect for listening while you're driving.
2536;8;I strongly recommend anyone who's interested in nice songs and even nicer lyrics to listen to his work.
2536;9;OK, I know that compilations are always controversial, but I think this one is a good introduction to Bruce's work and it has wonderful songs such as "Born To Run", "Thunder Road", "Dancing In The Dark" and "The River".
2536;10;Tunnel of Love - "Tunnel of Love" 1987.8.
2539;1;Good choice, and good chill, kick back & enjoy with your Honey Man music!!!!
2539;2;Luke Bryan is great I like him he's a great Singer
2539;3;Give it a chance it really is a good CD!
2539;4;Luke Bryan is great I like him he's a great Singer
2539;5;Luke Bryan is great I like him he's a great Singer
2539;6;Luke Bryan is great I like him he's a great Singer
2539;7;It's a great CD to listen to on a road trip.
2539;8;A beautifully arranged ballad with more well written lyrics is the perfect way to close out the album.
2539;9;It is a great album to dance around to or to play while having a party.
2539;10;I loved the first 3 I listened to.
2538;1;Good song, and the guitarsolo and keyboardsolo are fantastic.
2538;2;There isn't a bad song but nothing here to me is as exciting as what came later or earlier.
2538;3;One of the best songs was tarot woman, I listen to that song more than any other song on here, The main thing I love is toney carey's keyboard solos and ritchie blackmores guitar work And this is much better than ronnie james dio's solo albums and not bad if you ask me but no as good as his collaboration with rainbow...truly underated album!
2538;4;I especially love the ending song, A Light In The Black.
2538;5;Every rock keyboardist should study his amazing work here...Finally, Jimmy Bain simply rocks as a bassist.
2538;6;"I'm going home" is the main theme of the song.
2538;7;From the pounding drums and driving keyboards to the EPIC storytelling & vocals from Dio....I love this track.
2538;8;There isn't a bad song but nothing here to me is as exciting as what came later or earlier.
2538;9;This collection starts our strong with Tarot woman, goes right into Run with the Wolf which is one of my favorite of all time drum, power songs, into Starstruck another fun power tune right into do you close your eyes a sweet tune then finishing off with the brutally strong Stargazer...I shall cherish it always.
2538;10;I especially love the ending song, A Light In The Black.
2533;1;Would recommend to anyone that enjoys good music!
2533;2;Has every major hit of the commodores career!
2533;3;Lots of these got good radio play back in the day so most of us should feel familiar with the lot.
2533;4;Has every major hit of the commodores career!
2533;5;Has every major hit of the commodores career!
2533;6;Has every major hit of the commodores career!
2533;7;Has every major hit of the commodores career!
2533;8;Commodores ruled the airwaves in the 70's and you can see and listen why...great sound and lyrics and energy...good compilation for the collection.
2533;9;All the great old songs & you'll dance forever!!
2533;10;But I do dearly love the songs on it.
2532;1;brings back the good music i grew up with, wish it was like now.
2532;2;Smoke Gets In Your Eyes is one of my all time favorites.
2532;3;brings back the good music i grew up with, wish it was like now.
2532;4;Smoke Gets In Your Eyes is one of my all time favorites.
2532;5;Smoke Gets In Your Eyes is one of my all time favorites.
2532;6;I wished the musical groups of today would be clean cut, with good voices as The Platters.
2532;7;I play this special CD almost every day either in my car or at home with my portable CD player and remembering back about the.year of 1951 when I was stationed at 29 Palms California, As then and now this CD brings back special memories, Sincerely,.
2532;8;Superb melodies and harmonies blend with heart-rendering lyrics to capture the listener's ear and heart...In my opinion, one of the top five groups of all time in any genre!
2532;9;Smoke Gets In Your Eyes is one of my all time favorites.
2532;10;If you love romantic songs of old, or The Platters, this is one of the cd's to buy.
2535;1;The remastering job is quite good too resulting in a good sound quality recording as well...Now this version of the album comes in a mini-lp sleeve replica with thin and not so good quality cardboard which is strange given the quality of the "Bookends" version is far superior and you would think it a simple matter to do at least the same with this album.
2535;2;After all, people often see art and brilliance in pain and tragedy.
2535;3;The remastering job is quite good too resulting in a good sound quality recording as well...Now this version of the album comes in a mini-lp sleeve replica with thin and not so good quality cardboard which is strange given the quality of the "Bookends" version is far superior and you would think it a simple matter to do at least the same with this album.
2535;4;I still remember the moment, thirty years ago, when I heard it for the first time, sung badly by my fellow  bruised and hungry travelers on an Outward Bound expedition in Wisconsin.
2535;5;Just read the lyrics on the  album sleeve... they are poetry!
2535;6;One section touched on the fact that the title track was initially planned to just have the two verses, driven home on piano.
2535;7;One section touched on the fact that the title track was initially planned to just have the two verses, driven home on piano.
2535;8;Cecelia is another great song, and while not as sweeping as the title song or painfully sad as The Boxer, it's infectious melody, Latin rhythms and intelligent lyrics make it a classic and an all-time favorite of many.
2535;9;Simple beauty is present in the form of "El Condor (If I Could)" as well as sheer fun with such songs as "Baby Driver".
2535;10;This just goes to show how diverse and interesting the rock scene was back in the late 60's and 70's...Anyone who loves taking an emotional roller-coaster ride will get a HUGE amount of satisfaction out of this album.
2534;1;Didn't think I would enjoy a live album, I have a hard time when it comes to hearing my favorites live, just isn't the same thing, but this one, wow, with Count Basies Orchestra playing and Frank singing, I really had a good time listening to this one.
2534;2;Very nice set from old blue eyes.
2534;3;The CD is very good and loved the songs and Frank's monologues between songs.
2534;4;The recording engineers in the late 50's and through the 60's were technically expert and proud of their work and this shows that.
2534;5;He kept them alive, focused and responsive while entertaining them with his wit and exceptional performances..."Sinatra At The Sands" is one of the best concerts in the history of live recordings that I wholeheartedly recommend for your listening enjoyment.
2534;6;The recording engineers in the late 50's and through the 60's were technically expert and proud of their work and this shows that.
2534;7;Very cool to take a trip back into the 60's for "a night" with Frank Sinatra at The Sands.
2534;8;I appreciated being able to clearly understand every lyric.
2534;9;Sinatra is fun to listen to between songs.
2534;10;The Voice is in prime order, and the tunes, with a couple of exceptions, are the romantic, victorious Pop of Sinatra's golden age.
2529;1;I believed that "Let's Get It On" was Marvin's best work at the time, so I figured this LP wouldn't be as good.
2529;2;It quickly became one of my favorites--and the favorite of many others as well.
2529;3;I believed that "Let's Get It On" was Marvin's best work at the time, so I figured this LP wouldn't be as good.
2529;4;It quickly became one of my favorites--and the favorite of many others as well.
2529;5;It quickly became one of my favorites--and the favorite of many others as well.
2529;6;It quickly became one of my favorites--and the favorite of many others as well.
2529;7;that what make this album  will be played,listened,reviewed,and hailed as long as the world  turns.listen to the album,and u will be touched so  deeply,cry,laugh,drive,work,and make love to it.
2529;8;Covered by artists like Massive Attack featuring Madonna, and Robert Palmer, the song gets reprised twice, especially as a horn laden instrumental near the end of the album...This #15 US pop hit (#1 R&B) sets the tone for the rest of this album
2529;9;after the dance, a nice way to end the album off indeed.
2529;10;The only problem(s) I had with this album are the feminine moaning within a couple of tracks, and the instrumentals act as fillers...Other than that, this is a fantastic album from Mr. Gaye, mostly mellow and lyrically about love or fascination with beauty.
2528;1;When you sit down to be visited by P!nk, you are going to have fun and you won't ever leave happy!
2528;2;Yes, you can tell that she was very sad and depressed from the break up, but honestly, the fact I could feel her pain thru her songs, made it so believeable to me and touching.
2528;3;And certainly a sign of how much Pink has progressed as an artist and in getting her voice and style under the public skin after years of being a "comer," turning out consistently good music, even if less impactful than the terrific collection of songs on "Funhouse".
2528;4;Even though this funhouse isn't quite as "fun" as Pink made it out to be, it's still very entertaining and definitely will heal your heartache.
2528;5;Now that you've read my mini-rant, it's your turn!
2528;6;Funhouse - A fun song about tearing down the house because it's no longer fun (perhaps a metaphor referring to the home she built with someone she is no longer with).
2528;7;There is so much emotion in the lyrics and such enormous feeling in Pink's deliveries--there's got to be a lot of personal angst driving it.
2528;8;There is so much emotion in the lyrics and such enormous feeling in Pink's deliveries--there's got to be a lot of personal angst driving it.
2528;9;"Please Don't Leave Me" is everything that "I Don't Believe You" should have been -- it's a somewhat sad song but the catchy beat and uplifted vocals lend it great listening power...The album takes a sharp upswing in tone with "Bad Influence," a sheer fun romp through a party in Pink's mansion, displaying all of her trademark attitude.
2528;10;Starting from the best break-up song ever (So What) and ending with a beautiful, yet cliche, love song (Glitter in the Air), this is probably one of the most cohesive and consistent albums I've heard in a while.
2531;1;If you like the good warm sound of vinyl then you will surely enjoy this album.
2531;2;Anyway, my point is that this album contains a lot of locked up pain, and also newfound hope, and happiness.
2531;3;Reznor sounds absolutely upbeat here, seeming to have a good time.
2531;4;This is definitely Reznor's most different album, with the majority of the influence drawn from "Broken" and "The Fragile", in my opinion.
2531;5;Anyway, I figure a lot of the backlash is mostly because people were imposing their own personal expectations on TRs creativity... I was just hoping for something daring and good, which is what I think he has always done...This album features a much more at-peace and mature Reznor, toning down (relatively) on the emotional explosions and instead focusing on just writing damn good music, and it is a rock solid 56 minutes of music.
2531;6;There is an honesty here that drives the point home.
2531;7;What With Teeth is not:  it's not deeper, more creative, pensive, or artistic than The Downward Spiral
2531;8;The lyrics are still down a bit, but the effectiveness of the song writing on this track are evident, and it's message is carried across very well.
2531;9;The songs are catchy, organic, and full of fun dance beats.
2531;10;"Love is Not Enough" - This will take most a few listens to appreciate, but it's industrial to the core.
2530;1;The product is near mint, no scratches or anything and the music sounds fantastic.
2530;2;This looks great in my room!
2530;3;Many groups never produce an album as good as their debut one.
2530;4;This looks great in my room!
2530;5;Read the many reviews and kinda laughed at the one describing Alex's vocals as 'sexy'.
2530;6;Arctic Monkeys CD AM is by far a style of music that makes you feel like groving on the dance floor or relaxing inside your house or for meditation after a long day at work or stressful day in general.
2530;7;After about the second listen I loved them and they have been on repeat in my car for 2months.
2530;8;Amazing, the lyrics are so mesmerizing, the instrumental is similar to Queens of the Stone Age.
2530;9;Is an another good song featuring great lryics that makes you want to get on dance floor and groove to the beats.
2530;10;I love the Arctic Monkeys, and I love that Amazon also provides you with a digital download of the cd.
2556;1;His songs are relatable to anyone who who enjoys good songs and music.
2556;2;Hardcore traditional fans, and more modern type of country fans.
2556;3;The booklet is great, with lyrics and commentary by Jackson about each song (though you'll need a magnifying glass to read it, it's worth it), and lots of photos, including a back page "centerfold" of Mr. Long 'n' Lean himself that's really, I mean really good.
2556;4;Hardcore traditional fans, and more modern type of country fans.
2556;5;The booklet is great, with lyrics and commentary by Jackson about each song (though you'll need a magnifying glass to read it, it's worth it), and lots of photos, including a back page "centerfold" of Mr. Long 'n' Lean himself that's really, I mean really good.
2556;6;Jackson jumps from happy, up-tempo toe tappers like "Chatahoochee", "Tall, Tall Trees", "Mercury Blues", "Summertime Blues", and a few more, to pretty, down home country ballads like "Here In The Real World"(which sounds like a song George Jones should really cover), "Who Says You Can't Have It All", "Wanted", "Home", and a slew of others.
2556;7;Hardcore traditional fans, and more modern type of country fans.
2556;8;Many of his lyrics can be fun at one moment, and then serious and very truthful the next.
2556;9;Many of his lyrics can be fun at one moment, and then serious and very truthful the next.
2556;10;Love listening to all his music - he has a wonderful voice
2557;1;What I particularly enjoyed about The Doobie Brothers was that no two songs seemed to sound alike.
2557;2;He's known as "Blue eyed.soul".
2557;3;This was a very innovative group that featured tight harmonies and superior musicianship...As I mentioned earlier the group was plagued by constant personnel changes which made the fact that their music was so consistantly good all the more remarkable.
2557;4;This is a superb collection of one of America's greatest rock and roll bands...It did not take long for the group to make its mark on the American music scene.
2557;5;This is a superb collection of one of America's greatest rock and roll bands...It did not take long for the group to make its mark on the American music scene.
2557;6;Throughout the two-hour running time of the entire album, , the sound is crisp, clean, and shows no traces of hiss or other background noise.
2557;7;I was driving in my car and heard a classic Doobie Brothers hit that I really liked.
2557;8;Amazing musicianship, vocals, harmonies, and lyrics.
2557;9;this music is so uptempo and unique, some songs are mellow and quiet and some so fun and full of energy.
2557;10;I love this item and it came to me fast in the mail.
2558;1;"Alright" is a funky song that has some darn good catchy lyrics and is a fun song to dance, exercise, sing whatever to.
2558;2;The song has an excellent chorus and will genuinely scare you when you hear a child scream in pain after the shooting, before a news reporter gives details.....We then pick up the fun vibe with the amazing "Alright."
2558;3;A good song with a great message...INTERLUDE: LET'S DANCE.
2558;4;She had really good producers on her team, wrote strong social-comment lyrics, and made stylish videos , usually with squads of well-drilled dancers performing funk workouts in formation .
2558;5;Focusing on problems in society, Janet used dance music to address her concerns and helped grab the attention of our nations kids.
2558;6;I took it home and listened to the entire album.
2558;7;A trip down memory lane with Janet Jackson.
2558;8;This funk pop song is instantly catchy with its beat and lyrics.
2558;9;A fun, fast-paced song that lures you to get up off the sofa and dance!
2558;10;I loved the video, because it showed a much smoother sexy version of Janet.
2559;1;Either way the legacy will be there for the listening...Enjoy the music and be well,.
2559;2;Emerson, Lake, and Palmer are my favorite prog rock band, and this is arguably their most balanced album as a band.
2559;3;Their debut LP, "Emerson, Lake & Palmer" (also referred to as the "Flight" album, after the dove on the cover) is a very good place to start for one that is curious as to what the buzz about ELP was all about.
2559;4;Tank is a great Palmer drum workout, with excellent keyboard work from Keith and another great bass line from Greg, and Lucky Man closes it.
2559;5;If you have not, buy it, listen to it, study it if you like, it's a gem in music history.
2559;6;I mean, the longest piece on this album, take a pebble has one of the most beautiful melodies the band ever cooked up: and yet, it still has time to include a goofy clap along country middle.
2559;7;Take A Pebble is a Lake driven piece with Emerson augmenting his atmospheric song with excellent improvisational piano work.
2559;8;The lyrics are majestic and the composition brings all things to an immediate stop.
2559;9;the second most fun album by ELP.
2559;10;If you use this album as a starting point, you'll love the journey in the proper sequences.
2552;1;It is holistically good, not a bad or even mediocre song in the entire setlist.
2552;2;It is holistically good, not a bad or even mediocre song in the entire setlist.
2552;3;It is holistically good, not a bad or even mediocre song in the entire setlist.
2552;4;Listen also for some very special sound effects on "Magic
2552;5;One line brings into focus one of the many reasons why his music is so special: "Love is a power greater than death."
2552;6;It's a great song with catchy tune that should bring the house down in a live concert..."Long Walk Home" as his manager Jon Landau says, is one of Bruce's great masterpieces that he's done in a long time.
2552;7;There's also an unlisted track that gives a somber sendoff that is still worthy of the rest of the album...If I don't wear this album out on my car C.D. player, it will be great luck.
2552;8;Finally great music AND lyrics...It is like a deeper Human Touch with sophisticated rock parts like Born in the USA and emotion like The River.
2552;9;And Livin' in the Future really brought me back the days of small concert halls, and fun Jersey shore songs.
2552;10;Listen for some good percussion and strings on "I'll Work For Your Love," too.
2553;1;But I sound like one of those weird, obsessive Amazon reviewers now... the fact is, the CD sounds really good regardless :)
2553;2;Sad loosing this wonderful voice.
2553;3;But I sound like one of those weird, obsessive Amazon reviewers now... the fact is, the CD sounds really good regardless :)
2553;4;The final cut is a new recording, a mid tempo R&B song "Never Give Up" with inspirational lyrics, similar in feel to "Worth It' or "I Got You".
2553;5;The final cut is a new recording, a mid tempo R&B song "Never Give Up" with inspirational lyrics, similar in feel to "Worth It' or "I Got You".
2553;6;The final cut is a new recording, a mid tempo R&B song "Never Give Up" with inspirational lyrics, similar in feel to "Worth It' or "I Got You".
2553;7;I listen to it LOTS in my car!
2553;8;The final cut is a new recording, a mid tempo R&B song "Never Give Up" with inspirational lyrics, similar in feel to "Worth It' or "I Got You".
2553;9;The final cut is a new recording, a mid tempo R&B song "Never Give Up" with inspirational lyrics, similar in feel to "Worth It' or "I Got You".
2553;10;"I Will Always Love you: The Best Of Whitney Houston" is a concise single disc collection of some of her hits
2554;1;It's fun to listen too, has good beats and lyrics and definitely is one of her best cds.
2554;2;She even throws in a few ballads which are not bad but it's her signature dance beats and catchy hooks that will find in your head in the middle of the night and first thing in the morning.
2554;3;call this a greatest hit album every song is done so well and gaga hersef has great vocals that are good to the ear besides britneys album (which is great also) this album has to be brought ,be own yes its one oof those albums u have to get i promise u won't regret.
2554;4;Gaga is here to stay if you like really great music you can workout to, or party this is the cd for you.
2554;5;Lady Gaga is purely amazing.
2554;6;Great music for listening to in the car or while cleaning the house.
2554;7;I found myself bouncing in my car and before I knew it, I was heading to my local Best Buy to look for the album.
2554;8;The lyrics are humorous and almost frivolous, but that's the way I like this kind of beat-heavy dance music.
2554;9;i can't really say that she has alot of relatable songs for everyone who has that kind of lifestyle but most of the songs here do sound fun to dance to.
2554;10;She also shows her passion for love songs on such softer tracks like "Brown Eyes" and "Eh Eh".
2555;1;"All My Life" and "Pretender" struck me right out of the gate, though with each listen I find myself enjoying the rest of compilation as well.
2555;2;So really, the greater majority of songs found here are songs you can hear every day on the radio, which is not bad.
2555;3;The song is strong, but not as good as the greatest hits collected here.
2555;4;Every song on this I think is some of the best music of any generation.
2555;5;Every song on this I think is some of the best music of any generation.
2555;6;Good clean sound, great choice of songs.
2555;7;Each single carries that sturdy rock edge, driven by big guitar and an even bigger chorus  sure, you might not be crazy about them, but its a little hard to not at least like them...Its for this reason the Foo Fighters Greatest Hits is more than just a stocking filler for this holiday season.
2555;8;Foo has moved to my favorite band status because of this album, great tunes, lyrics, singer, great energy!
2555;9;Every song on this I think is some of the best music of any generation.
2555;10;Other than that, I absolutely love it.
2548;1;In a day and age where happy and silly pop dominate the airwaves, its great to hear a record with "mood", attitude and emotion.
2548;2;stella just gathers waves of beauty and melodies and combines it into one great sad song.
2548;3;dark, brooding, and at the same time a good album to put on while you're sleeping, it's definitly worth getting.
2548;4;Interpol knows how to build a song to musical bliss and every track sports that trademark here.
2548;5;I can sense so much potential for this band, and I hope they can just focus it.
2548;6;Interpol draws comparisons to numerous classic bands.
2548;7;After having this album for a year now, I can still blare it on my car stereo and get that warm nervous energy when I drive.
2548;8;Interpol is a great band with a great set of lyrics and sound to back them up.
2548;9;Their sound is exciting and new, considering what we've had to endure for the past 25 years...I recommend to anyone who wants some fun music to drive to, and music thats sound takes you back.
2548;10;I love atmospheric music like that, this does a good job.
2549;1;I am a huge Springsteen fan...His music is always good.
2549;2;It is holistically good, not a bad or even mediocre song in the entire setlist.
2549;3;It is holistically good, not a bad or even mediocre song in the entire setlist.
2549;4;Listen also for some very special sound effects on "Magic
2549;5;Thank You for your time, if you read this.
2549;6;It's a great song with catchy tune that should bring the house down in a live concert..."Long Walk Home" as his manager Jon Landau says, is one of Bruce's great masterpieces that he's done in a long time.
2549;7;There's also an unlisted track that gives a somber sendoff that is still worthy of the rest of the album...If I don't wear this album out on my car C.D. player, it will be great luck.
2549;8;Finally great music AND lyrics...It is like a deeper Human Touch with sophisticated rock parts like Born in the USA and emotion like The River.
2549;9;Clarence Clemons makes the eerie "Living in the Future" a funky, fun "Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out" esque romp despite its heavy handed political commentary.
2549;10;Pass up the First couple of of songs and the rest are great!
2550;1;She may be punk and anti-Britney, but she sure is good at what she does best:  collecting the angst and darker side of the teen experience into a record that everyone can appreciate and enjoy.
2550;2;I loved her vocals on "Let Go", amid the negative hype that sometimes would come up.
2550;3;Nobody's Home was also another good track.
2550;4;I loved Together, My Happy Ending, Don't Tell Me, and Take Me Away.
2550;5;I was really impressed when I read that all of Avril's songs come from an experience.
2550;6;Nobody's Home was also another good track.
2550;7;This album has drive in the songs and Avril shows us that she can sing without the use of auto-tune and other similar effects.
2550;8;The beat is.just gorgeous, the lyrics are great, and her voice is filled with emotion...3.
2550;9;He Wasn't: 5/5 Speaking of fun songs, this is definitely one of them.
2550;10;I loved Together, My Happy Ending, Don't Tell Me, and Take Me Away.
2551;1;I have never been overly happy with all of the instrumental tonalities as captured on the basic tracks, and that won't change
2551;2;They don't sound bad or play bad so how they managed to stay under the radar for so long and never really truly make it big until after they broke up is beyond me...The album is fantastic from the first guitar chug of the imortal 'Blitzkrieg Bop' to the ringing of the amps at the end of 'Today Your Love, Tomorrow The World.'
2551;3;If you're looking for a good time, I give this album my highest recommendation.
2551;4;Though occasionally touching on some disturbing subject matter such as male prostitution, Nazism or the misuse and abuse of power tools, model cement, sports equipment, girlfriends and children, the Ramones debut album is mostly just cartoon violence and fun, and is performed with a manic energy and wit that had been sorely missing from Rock music for many years prior to this release...The Ramones consistency and stubborn resistance to evolution actually ended up working against them in the long run.
2551;5;But I'll tell you, the flock is right.
2551;6;The overall sound of the original album is cleaned up a little, but is still raw enough to satisfy purists.
2551;7;The Ramones are historically misrepresented as the first punk band--see the New York Dolls--but their debut is accurately acclaimed as one of the greatest rock 'n' roll records ever cut, from the drumbeat lightning-strike drive of "Blitzkrieg Bop" (little sex, some macho, lotta dysfunction) onward.
2551;8;The music is raw yet catchy, and in my uneducated opinion best embodies The Ramones desire to play fun, energetic rock & roll with lyrics that carry no overbearing messages.
2551;9;All of the songs on this record take catchiness, speed, and fun to the EXTREME.
2551;10;Joey is so sheepishly shy behind his rose colored glasses and with his smooth Roy Orbison/Mick Jaggar sounding voice you have to love him.
2544;1;Unsung album heroes come in the shape of "I Don't Want It" (just quit my job making tooth-picks out of logs) - the great fun-rock of "Good Rockin' Tonight" where Montrose take Roy Brown's 1949 "Rockin' At Midnight" and update it into a fantastic Rock raver.
2544;2;"Rock Candy" has a great chorus, though perhaps if I were to find one negative with Montrose's debut it's that this song is perhaps one or two minutes overlong with a chorus repeating one too many times.
2544;3;You rocked my world at 14, and still bring the "Good Rockin' Tonight."
2544;4;This was Montrose`s first solo release...It`s great album.
2544;5;This was Montrose`s first solo release...It`s great album.
2544;6;First, the  production is clean and precise.
2544;7;This album stands as a milestone in the history of rock--with the introduction of Sammy Hagar, the rise of Ronnie Montrose as one of the best rock guitarists around and a solid rhythm section of Bill Church and Denny Carmassi driving it all along.
2544;8;The lyrics pertain to this subject, and get the message across quite effectively.
2544;9;They are delivered with the sort of swagger necessary to encapsulate in the mind of the listener the idea of the rock god but with enough connective nuances so the listener feels like they too are invited to the party...Blessed with open production that feels warm and traditional it's pretty much impossible to pick out highlights as darn near every song is a highlight.
2544;10;Van Halen fans will love this CD!
2545;1;Heavy, melodic, fantastic lyrics, great sound quality, and just fun to listen to.
2545;2;I believe that I am the only one that thinks this album is their best work.
2545;3;The solos are of course top notch, and the use of bass is creat because behind the scenes, Rex is creating a good atmosphere with his playing.
2545;4;I believe that I am the only one that thinks this album is their best work.
2545;5;One of panteras greatest works if you need a review to tell you to buy this you don't need this album so stop reading and start buying.
2545;6;A clean undistorted opening allows Anselmo to give a more understated vocal performance.
2545;7;Definitely another favorite...Moving forward, we have the amazingly powerful 7 minute power ballad, "Cemetery Gates" which is so emotionally driven yet it maintains it's heaviness in it's own right.
2545;8;Featuring an exotic chord strum, dark, horror-themed lyrics and more deep, melodic singing by Phil, like on "Cemetery Gates", this is another great one!
2545;9;Great party track, and of course it's Rex's turn to shine as you hear that excellent bass at the end of the track *HORNS UP*, this definitely makes Rex one of my favorite bassists.
2545;10;I just discovered this band and I love it,  more CD bought together and I'm sure they are as good as this one.
2546;1;This was purchased as a gift, the person was very happy with the album, said all of the songs were good it did arrive on time
2546;2;This CD is filled with some of their greatest hits and brings back such wonderful memories.
2546;3;Its most of the good stuff without the fillers.
2546;4;This CD is filled with some of their greatest hits and brings back such wonderful memories.
2546;5;This CD is filled with some of their greatest hits and brings back such wonderful memories.
2546;6;This cd gets played once a month at my house.
2546;7;I love popping this in while we are weekend road trips.
2546;8;This CD is filled with some of their greatest hits and brings back such wonderful memories.
2546;9;Oh, don't be ashamed, Americas favorite guilty pleasure hard rock band is fun to listen to, and "the Hits" shows this side, while missing much of their harder rocking, garage days of the late 70's...The hits are here: "Keep on Loving You" and "Can't Fight this Feeling" are known by many who listen to FM Rock or even adult contemporary radio.
2546;10;I love the songs on this CD
2547;1;This was purchased as a gift, the person was very happy with the album, said all of the songs were good it did arrive on time
2547;2;If only more bands like REO  were around creating such amazing music today.
2547;3;This is a super good CD.
2547;4;If only more bands like REO  were around creating such amazing music today.
2547;5;If only more bands like REO  were around creating such amazing music today.
2547;6;This cd gets played once a month at my house.
2547;7;I love popping this in while we are weekend road trips.
2547;8;If only more bands like REO  were around creating such amazing music today.
2547;9;This music is fun, it does  require at least some talent (unlike the "boy bands" that are  invading the 21st century), and it is listenable (unlike the  alterna-metal-rap of today, for instance).
2547;10;If you love to listen to the REO Speedwagon's best hits this is definitely one you must get.
2306;1;I really enjoyed the tribute to Frank Sinatra.
2306;2;This is a great best of album from Diana Krall it has her timeles work from her previos albums and all of these songs are classic in my book!
2306;3;Diana is as good or better when she can improvise on the piano, she is a great pianist.
2306;4;This is a great best of album from Diana Krall it has her timeles work from her previos albums and all of these songs are classic in my book!
2306;5;This is a great best of album from Diana Krall it has her timeles work from her previos albums and all of these songs are classic in my book!
2306;6;This is a great album to listen to while traveling, at work, sitting around with friends or just working around my home.
2306;7;I will occasionally go to her other CD's and DVD's, but these are the two that I keep in the car for trips.
2306;8;"The Look of Love" - a charming ditty from Burt Bacharach and Hal David that will make any music lover fall in love with its melody and lyric.
2306;9;Another majestic orchestral arrangement by Johnny Mandel, conducted by himself and Eddie Karam..."So while there's moonlight and music.And love and romance.Let's face the music and dance".
2306;10;My first Diana Krall CD, love it, love it, love it.
2307;1;Fun, foot stomping, reverential and educational.
2307;2;Joe B live is an awesome presentation of multiple styles that keep you listening to every note.
2307;3;Best JoBo album for a long while, really superb sound and good quality recording.
2307;4;Joe B live is an awesome presentation of multiple styles that keep you listening to every note.
2307;5;I didn't read very well when I was ordering and so I was very pleasantly surprised that it was a TWO disc set!
2307;6;A great overall album with a twist of unique acoustic musicianship along with down home blues-rock heart and soul.
2307;7;So far I've played them at work, at home, and in my car.
2307;8;He brings feeling, emotion, and power to this performance.
2307;9;Fun, foot stomping, reverential and educational.
2307;10;I love non conventional performances of rock and blues, so this is excellent!
2304;1;But anyways, the songs on this album are so good that I wouldn't dismiss it just because of that...The songs on here are varied, and are all pretty good.
2304;2;It's such sad music it's beautiful in it's own way.
2304;3;But anyways, the songs on this album are so good that I wouldn't dismiss it just because of that...The songs on here are varied, and are all pretty good.
2304;4;Unlike nevermind, your copy of facelift won't spend its life sandwiched between a naked baby swimming through the sea and a bunch of overrated songs on the back cover because it will be glued to your CD player for the rest of its life...This album is perfect in every way from Jerry Cantrell's crunching guitar riffs that send shivers running down your spine To Layne Staley's bleak yet brilliant vocals.
2304;5;this is a good cd....before i get to the review...i read back that someone named "figgy" said that nirvana wasn't influential....well i defenitly think your wrong, sure alice in chains were huge also, but so was nirvana.
2304;6;But anyways, the songs on this album are so good that I wouldn't dismiss it just because of that...The songs on here are varied, and are all pretty good.
2304;7;Get the CD, put it in your car and crank it LOUD with the windows rolled down, it provides the best feeling.
2304;8;It's such sad music it's beautiful in it's own way.
2304;9;While the album is a little front loaded, and has in my opinion it's best songs at the beginning of the track list, it's still a fun listen front to back.
2304;10;I love their followup album Dirt that's probably my favorite but this is just as good.
2305;1;'Licensed To Ill' is like a fantastic expansion of DMC & Aerosmith's "Walk This Way", with some non-crossover rap thrown in for good measure.
2305;2;(Lyric from "Hold It Now Hit It"), how can you not love something so bad that it's good!
2305;3;(Lyric from "Hold It Now Hit It"), how can you not love something so bad that it's good!
2305;4;The Beastie Boys obviously respected and admired the burgeoning hiphop sound and wanted to be a part of it.
2305;5;The Beastie Boys obviously respected and admired the burgeoning hiphop sound and wanted to be a part of it.
2305;6;The Beastie Boys obviously respected and admired the burgeoning hiphop sound and wanted to be a part of it.
2305;7;The Beastie Boys obviously respected and admired the burgeoning hiphop sound and wanted to be a part of it.
2305;8;(Lyric from "Hold It Now Hit It"), how can you not love something so bad that it's good!
2305;9;Licensed to Ill is all about fun, and has a great party atmosphere...Also, it was one of the first albums to blend rock and hip-hop.
2305;10;I loved this CD when it first came out and still love it today.
2310;1;While this was simply a collection of TooL's heaviest songs at the time it's still worth buying but you'll probably enjoy this more if your already a TooL, a good place to start, though not the best.
2310;2;Superb vocals and guitar work.
2310;3;Opiate: A good closer to the EP.
2310;4;Superb vocals and guitar work.
2310;5;Wow, I'll tell you what, I've read thousands of reviews, but I don't think any mount to your extensive logic and brilliant thinking.
2310;6;Superb vocals and guitar work.
2310;7;Funny, that's what the song is about, an acid trip!
2310;8;Anyway, this one's got the best lyrics of the bunch.
2310;9;Superb vocals and guitar work.
2310;10;Also has a couple of time changes.
2311;1;Buy this, enjoy it, spread the word.
2311;2;I listened to it all day today in a joyful yet sad way.
2311;3;This coda to a body of work that was always good and sometimes phenomenal deserves very high praise.
2311;4;His music from 1970 through 2002 shows a great deal more creativity, willingness to experiment and take risks, leaving the premature loss of the Lennon-McCartney team in a sort of comic dust.
2311;5;George obviously loved his wife
2311;6;His music from 1970 through 2002 shows a great deal more creativity, willingness to experiment and take risks, leaving the premature loss of the Lennon-McCartney team in a sort of comic dust.
2311;7;I keep listening to the songs in my car, on my way to work and back and since it takes me 40-45 minutes of driving one way, I am able to enjoy the favorite songs over and over again.
2311;8;I listened to it all day today in a joyful yet sad way.
2311;9;The songs here are magnificent - some spiritual - some fun.
2311;10;Lynne restrains his ELO excesses to an absolute minimum, and Dhani has brought tremendous love and sympathy to his father's work.
2308;1;Something Wicked, the album's closer, sounds like a rip-off of Janet Jackson's This Time, but is a fantastic tune, while Let's Do It Again rips along & puts you in good mood.
2308;2;- INTERLUDE  This is another great interlude with Busta Rhymes.
2308;3;This is one of those summer time anthems that you can just relax to, especially with the lyrics, "I was like peace, in a groove, on a Sunday afternoon."
2308;4;- INTERLUDE  This is another great interlude with Busta Rhymes.
2308;5;The album is mainly focused on love, but always has a song which contrasts this about cheating men.
2308;6;- INTERLUDE  This is another great interlude with Busta Rhymes.
2308;7;If you were around in the 90s, it'll be a great trip down memory lane, and if you weren't, its a great place to start to get the feel of the 90s.
2308;8;TLC's voices are amazing on this album and the lyrics are awesome, too.
2308;9;TLC emerged into the music world with thier fun and dance beat infested debut but came back with a powerful hit.
2308;10;No matter what mood you're in you'll love to listen to this cd.
2309;1;I've been enjoying this song for a while now and it's just so good.
2309;2;I felt that what Mike P. was adding at the time was some real negative or almost death metal growl to your songs (go back 1 CD for that one) that was simply crap, so there...Dream Theater are simply the best at what they do, and this CD is no exception.
2309;3;They also have a good grasp on melodies and there are a surprising number of them on the album.
2309;4;They also have a good grasp on melodies and there are a surprising number of them on the album.
2309;5;Now, Mike Portnoy was an incredible drummer, and I was completely heartbroken when I read about his departure.
2309;6;He keeps many beats similar to Portnoy which will make many fans feel at home, but he also add's his own twist to things too.
2309;7;I have no idea whether the road trips are as interesting for the band, whether videos will be as entertaining, whether they will be able to maintain the group over the long term
2309;8;The CD booklet features the lyrics (mostly written by John Petrucci), a group photo, and some arty images...All in all, this is a superb album by an exciting group.
2309;9;After the loss of their original drummer/founding member Mike Portnoy, Dream Theater reunited and recruited one of the world's top drummers in the form of Mike Mangini and returns with an album full of solid songwriting, technical prowess, but mostly and most importantly, music that's a ton of fun to listen to, which had been missing from the last few DT albums.
2309;10;I love to hear him go bluesy, jazzy, neo-classical, all in the same solo.
2314;1;Good cut, lots of fun, I am sure there is a meaning in the lyrics, but I could never find one.
2314;2;There isn't a bad track on it, and even with the glossy sheen of pure pop production, it has a ton of soul to spare.
2314;3;Taken as a whole and on a  song-to-song consistent basis, it is that good.
2314;4;This is SUCH a great, classic album.
2314;5;Boz Scaggs turns in a legendary performance in the album that peaked at number two in the Billboard pop chart...The focus of the production is totally on Scaggs as his appreciation of R&B, soul and pop are found in Georgia, What Can I Say and Lido Shuffle.
2314;6;You may not be able to describe it, but you'll know...The CD holds up marvelously 30 years after being released because of a simple, but too often elusive - formula
2314;7;SCAGGS fans know that he pumped out memorable, stylish albums long before and well after SILK DEGREES...but that gloriously hip, soulful trip will always be his heat sinking masterpiece...RATIONG: FIVE SHADES
2314;8;Its relentlessly upbeat  tempo, fun lyrics and unmistakable chorus are just so wonderfully brassy,  and the crisp, finger-snaps accompanying the bass line are just so fresh  that it sometimes makes me just want to scream with delight!
2314;9;Its relentlessly upbeat  tempo, fun lyrics and unmistakable chorus are just so wonderfully brassy,  and the crisp, finger-snaps accompanying the bass line are just so fresh  that it sometimes makes me just want to scream with delight!
2314;10;Its amazing how Boz never duplicated the  success of this fine recording, although he had a couple of other decent  songs.
2315;1;The  emotions in the songs seems genuine and there's good variation of rhythms  and sounds throughout.
2315;2;I definitely have  identified with her pain in several of the songs.
2315;3;This new album is so good it's  possible she could have very well made the last great album of the  twentieth century.
2315;4;"Limp" is an aggressive, slightly explicit  kiss-off ("it won't be long till you'll be lyin' limp in your own  hands") and "Love Ridden" is a stark and gorgeous ballad  backed by a warm string section.
2315;5;Reading the lyrics, one will feel depressed by the tone of the song, but Fiona sings with a light-hearted joy.
2315;6;"Limp" is an aggressive, slightly explicit  kiss-off ("it won't be long till you'll be lyin' limp in your own  hands") and "Love Ridden" is a stark and gorgeous ballad  backed by a warm string section.
2315;7;Asa travelling salesman on the road, i have the unique privilige to hear a cd well and experience all the moods....Fiona Apple is a musian that its wiser beyond her age.
2315;8;She has created a wonderful sophomore effort that contains some varying sounds  with well thought out lyrics that express with great passion her innermost  feelings and emotions.
2315;9;Apple's  piano sounds great, the fiery parts recalling Tori Amos' ferocious work on  her From the Choirgirl Hotel album or Laura Nyro in her '60s heyday, and  even when the songs lapse into sections of jazz-blues jamming (usually more  fun for the players than the listener), on this record they merely serve to  augment the spontaneity of the songs and the immediacy of the  performances.
2315;10;While Fiona seemed to wallow in sadness and despair on Tidal, she adopts a  wry perspective on love gone wrong on When the Pawn.
2312;1;Can't believe he didn't get his chance years ago but, thankfully, at least now we are able to enjoy his music.
2312;2;The production is kept simple and elegant, to focus on the lyrics, which combine social commentary with personal pain....All the best things about the Baladeer experience.
2312;3;The music I've been discovering recently is as good or better than the music I knew back then.
2312;4;I immediately purchases this record after seeing the movies Searching for Sugar Man...I'm originally South African so this story was really touching!
2312;5;The production is kept simple and elegant, to focus on the lyrics, which combine social commentary with personal pain....All the best things about the Baladeer experience.
2312;6;Certainly his songs would feel right at home in a Dylan repetoir...The myth formed that he had set himself on fire at the end of a show with the lines that ended one of his songs, "Thanks for your time.
2312;7;This album is more than just a retro trip to a bygone era
2312;8;The production is kept simple and elegant, to focus on the lyrics, which combine social commentary with personal pain....All the best things about the Baladeer experience.
2312;9;I immediately purchases this record after seeing the movies Searching for Sugar Man...I'm originally South African so this story was really touching!
2312;10;I loved the movie and I love the soundtrack.
2313;1;very satisfied with the shipment... enjoying the record so much... the packaging is very good and i received the shipment earlier than i expected.
2313;2;I'll start with the bad news so as to end on a positive note.
2313;3;The beat is very good & catchy too bad JT didn't release it during the summer (no pun intended) because I think it would have been a big hit.
2313;4;He is a real singer and a dancer!
2313;5;The album produced 6 singles including the ultimate Summer jam "Sexy Back", as well as several others like "Lovestoned", "Sexy Ladies", "What Goes Around" and "Summer Love"...After such a successful album and tour it seemed strange for him to shift gears and focus on acting (and his personal life) but this album will be nearly impossible to match so he probably felt like he was in no rush to attempt it.
2313;6;So, in closing, `FutureSex/LoveSounds' is a fantastic album, that while not perfect is actually very close to it and adds layers to the sensation that is Justin Timberlake, paving the way for him to enter the living room of just about every home, finally transcending the ties of the `Popstar' curse and becoming a musical icon.
2313;7;And it's a great CD to drive to or get ready for a party to.
2313;8;`Summer Love' also gives Justin fans something to smile at, this time giving Timberlake the opportunity to spitfire his lyrics to a brutal beat...And speaking of brutal beats, the hip-hop influenced `Chop Me Up' is brilliantly constructed.
2313;9;The music was awesome, and fun to listen to!
2313;10;I love this CD and he is such a talented young man.
2318;1;Very happy buyer....Quick delivery....helps me to enjoy my music even more.....I am very happy everytime I buy my cds on Amazon...never disappoint me...I will always be a client...as you know how to price it right...and deliver it at a rapid pace...Thanks so much.....Marlene
2318;2;This is blue eyed soul at it's best (his eyes may not be blue) but you get what I mean.
2318;3;This is a good cd to relax to.
2318;4;Great purchase.Very easy and was easy to find also.
2318;5;Great purchase.Very easy and was easy to find also.
2318;6;I love driving home from work with it on blast.
2318;7;I love driving home from work with it on blast.
2318;8;Great beats, lyrics, performed well.
2318;9;This fun and sexy CD gets the party going.
2318;10;Love, Love, Love this CD!
2319;1;The remixes of "Like a Virgin" and "Material Girl" are also quite good, but I still prefer the originals.
2319;2;This, along with Bad Girl, Rain and Take A Bow, is one of Madonna's finest ballads of her carrer to date.
2319;3;The remixes of "Like a Virgin" and "Material Girl" are also quite good, but I still prefer the originals.
2319;4;Other than the singles, you have great songs like "Over and Over", which is one of Madonna's best dance songs, "Love Don't Live Here Anymore", which proved that Madonna could make excellent ballads, and "Stay", which like "Over and Over" is one of Madonna's best dance songs.
2319;5;I hope one day WEA will consider releasing all of the original 12"'s on CD(hope you guys read this!)
2319;6;The album cover  is brilliant in both its aesthetic beauty ( the sepia tone photo is a classic ) and its blatant attempt to stun and shock ( Madonna, in a wedding dress, with a belt buckle that says "Boy Toy", I am sure made parents across America wonder what was inside this album their teens were bringing home.)
2319;7;This is real "loud as you can bear it" music, be it at home or in your car, as long as those around you can stand it.
2319;8;She packed real emotion and power into her lyrics, and I have always found the song to be well nigh heartbreaking.
2319;9;Other than the singles, you have great songs like "Over and Over", which is one of Madonna's best dance songs, "Love Don't Live Here Anymore", which proved that Madonna could make excellent ballads, and "Stay", which like "Over and Over" is one of Madonna's best dance songs.
2319;10;This album would have another big chart-toppers as Angel, Material Girl (with a very nice video), Love don't live here anymore and the International addition track for this album and an eventually world dance it Into the Groove...For pop and Madonna fans only, and for anyone to wants to have a classic in their collection.
2316;1;I have found this to be a very good CD in all respects.
2316;2;The lyrics are diverse and generally very good, often reflecting on the vicissitudes of life and moving on from damage and pain.
2316;3;If your looking for some laid back relaxing music this is for you.
2316;4;If your looking for some laid back relaxing music this is for you.
2316;5;I've read some say this is a great album to chill out to (hence the one sitting reference) and while that rings true particularly when the accompaniment is more sparse ("Holding On to Nothing" and "If She Called"), it is so much more.
2316;6;If your looking for some laid back relaxing music this is for you.
2316;7;The songs are primarily gentle melodies with Raymond's jazzy keyboards front and center but there's still enough of a beat and driving lead guitar with plenty of engaging hooks and choruses to keep your foot tapping.
2316;8;The lyrics are diverse and generally very good, often reflecting on the vicissitudes of life and moving on from damage and pain.
2316;9;If your looking for some laid back relaxing music this is for you.
2316;10;David Crosby's fourth solo release, Croz, is an excellent album that I love more every time I listen to it.
2317;1;If you realize that the past 10 years of mainstream music has been a case of record companies shooting themselves in the foot, this review shall serve to educate you that this album was one of the last appearances of greatness to strike mainstream popularity - it's a good thing Queensryche got this album in before it all went down hill!
2317;2;This is not only one of the best music albums of the 1990's, it is one of the best Hard Rock/Heavy Metal albums of all time... You hear about those special albums that come along every so often, where there's not a bad song on the album...this is one of them...  With fantastic songs like the classic "Silent Lucidity", the passionate rocking love ballads like "Hands On Heart" and "One and Only".
2317;3;If you realize that the past 10 years of mainstream music has been a case of record companies shooting themselves in the foot, this review shall serve to educate you that this album was one of the last appearances of greatness to strike mainstream popularity - it's a good thing Queensryche got this album in before it all went down hill!
2317;4;Best I Can- Empire's opener, "Best I Can" reminds me of The Who's "Baba O' Reilly", sporting a smooth keyboard opener, but Geoff Tate soon comes out and sings an uplifting anthem.
2317;5;If you realize that the past 10 years of mainstream music has been a case of record companies shooting themselves in the foot, this review shall serve to educate you that this album was one of the last appearances of greatness to strike mainstream popularity - it's a good thing Queensryche got this album in before it all went down hill!
2317;6;In summary, this is a great classic metal album which still stands the test of time and frequently vibrates the windows of my house.
2317;7;My favorite song however is the intense "Jet City Woman", a driving anthem about life on the road.
2317;8;The beat is very dark, with mysterious guitars and suspenseful lyrics, and the song develops into an epic rocker not unlike you'd come to expect from Dream Theater.
2317;9;Epic and beautiful...Hand On Heart- A melodic rocker, "Hand On Heart" is sure to make you pull your lighter out and dance.
2317;10;I love the base line that leads into the song.
2323;1;One of the heavier, powerful songs on the album would be 'Love You With the Truth', and it really is fantastic...Another song I have been enjoying is 'Waiting on the Night to Fall'.
2323;2;It starts out with 'Thrive', a very nice banjo, acoustic country sounding piece that reminds me of their last studio album Come to the Well which to me isn't a bad thing...It Continues with 'All You've ever Wanted' which is one of my most favorites on the record next to 'This Is Now'.
2323;3;There are more low-key, relaxing songs on this album.
2323;4;Even if it doesn't appeal to every person as a whole, I would say there is at least one song for everyone...The first release of 'All You've Ever Wanted' is a fantastic song for self reflection.
2323;5;I am pleased to say this album is outstanding with such meaningful, deep lyrics and harmonies that blend beautifully...With all that being said and after reading the wide range of reviews, a thought occurred to me.
2323;6;Even if it doesn't appeal to every person as a whole, I would say there is at least one song for everyone...The first release of 'All You've Ever Wanted' is a fantastic song for self reflection.
2323;7;Even if it doesn't appeal to every person as a whole, I would say there is at least one song for everyone...The first release of 'All You've Ever Wanted' is a fantastic song for self reflection.
2323;8;It starts out with 'Thrive', a very nice banjo, acoustic country sounding piece that reminds me of their last studio album Come to the Well which to me isn't a bad thing...It Continues with 'All You've ever Wanted' which is one of my most favorites on the record next to 'This Is Now'.
2323;9;It is a fabulous song for families to explain to kids how to rely on God, and accept his forgiveness...'Dream For You' is so much fun to listen to, it tells David's and Mary's stories of how they put their future in God's hands, it's pretty upbeat and fun.
2323;10;If your eyes are on the storm, you'll wonder if I love you still.
2322;1;"Happy Heart" is yet another moving ballad
2322;2;"Don't Give Up" is a number Petula makes all her own with her very fine sense of timing.
2322;3;But, there were other hits, almost as big, and they're all here...."I Know A Place"...."Round Every Corner"..."Don't Sleep In The Subway"...and, using "I Don't Know How To Love Him", from "Jesus Christ Superstar", to close was a nice touch...This is a fabulous album, and a great voyage in a time machine.
2322;4;"Don't Give Up" is a number Petula makes all her own with her very fine sense of timing.
2322;5;"You're The One" was by The Vogues, and I was astonished to read that Pet co-wrote this number.
2322;6;"Ultimate Petula Clark" includes great tunes like "A Sign of the Times", the hard-to-find "You'd Better Come Home"  as well as Petula's stunning interpretation of "This Is My Song", a tune written by silver screen legend Charlie Chaplin.
2322;7;I keep it in my car -- great to sing along when I'm on a long road trip.
2322;8;Don't Give Up is a beautiful uplifting song with Petula's trademark jazzy improvisations and The Cat In The Window is an excellent pop/jazz blend with odd lyrics.
2322;9;Though she also had big hits with romantic ballads like This Is My Song, the standard Petula Clark hit, and she had a remarkable string of fifteen hits in a row, was an upbeat number backed by a big orchestra sung with great confidence and perfect for the dance clubs of Swinging London...The secret of all this was Tony Hatch, the English producer-arranger-composer with whom she had a relationship much like Dionne Warwick and Burt Bacharach .
2322;10;"Happy Heart" is yet another moving ballad
2321;1;Good cut, lots of fun, I am sure there is a meaning in the lyrics, but I could never find one.
2321;2;There isn't a bad track on it, and even with the glossy sheen of pure pop production, it has a ton of soul to spare.
2321;3;Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab Gold CD Is Good !
2321;4;Classic Tunes bringing happiness and joy!
2321;5;Boz Scaggs turns in a legendary performance in the album that peaked at number two in the Billboard pop chart...The focus of the production is totally on Scaggs as his appreciation of R&B, soul and pop are found in Georgia, What Can I Say and Lido Shuffle.
2321;6;You may not be able to describe it, but you'll know...The CD holds up marvelously 30 years after being released because of a simple, but too often elusive - formula
2321;7;SCAGGS fans know that he pumped out memorable, stylish albums long before and well after SILK DEGREES...but that gloriously hip, soulful trip will always be his heat sinking masterpiece...RATIONG: FIVE SHADES
2321;8;Its relentlessly upbeat  tempo, fun lyrics and unmistakable chorus are just so wonderfully brassy,  and the crisp, finger-snaps accompanying the bass line are just so fresh  that it sometimes makes me just want to scream with delight!
2321;9;I believe that this album's blue-eyed soul sound greatly influenced an up-and-coming Robert Palmer (see "Double Fun", another highly recommended album for fans of "Silk Degrees").
2321;10;Love this - back in College years ago this was one of my favorite albums.
2320;1;This is a fantastic album,  you can listen to it without skipping a song, it's that good.
2320;2;And Out of the blue is to me the album one must have in a collection !
2320;3;This is a fantastic album,  you can listen to it without skipping a song, it's that good.
2320;4;Along with the previous NEW WORLD RECORD, and the following DISCOVERY this album is ELO fans' absolute must-have...Verdict: One of the best albums of 1977.
2320;5;Along with the previous NEW WORLD RECORD, and the following DISCOVERY this album is ELO fans' absolute must-have...Verdict: One of the best albums of 1977.
2320;6;Along with the previous NEW WORLD RECORD, and the following DISCOVERY this album is ELO fans' absolute must-have...Verdict: One of the best albums of 1977.
2320;7;However the music holds up well over time, especially to those who have, over the years, distanced themselves from listening to the gloomy mechanized banality of modern radio which has since lost its soul...Also a plus for the CD: It is good to be able to listen to this album in the car without some of the songs fading out and back in while the 8-track switches.
2320;8;This album takes you a number of emotions and does a great job showing off the talent ELO.
2320;9;It's fun, it's moving, it's well done.
2320;10;Every one I  have ever talked to that has heard it, loves it, with its footstompin' beat and fantastic melody.
2327;1;I choose to collect and enjoy anything Amy...Merry Christmas to all.
2327;2;Her spin on her idol Donny Hathaway's, "A Song for You" was sad
2327;3;Lioness may have been assembled in a rush, but I actually think it is a very good representation of her talent and an excellent CD.
2327;4;After that, Salaam and Mark walk you through each track - a candid glimpse behind the scenes of works in progress.
2327;5;After that, Salaam and Mark walk you through each track - a candid glimpse behind the scenes of works in progress.
2327;6;The vinyl itself is very clean and pressed very well.
2327;7;After that, Salaam and Mark walk you through each track - a candid glimpse behind the scenes of works in progress.
2327;8;Her spin on her idol Donny Hathaway's, "A Song for You" was sad
2327;9;This is fun and shows the true genius behind the artist.
2327;10;Music that takes the listener often through tales of loss in love and finding love again...The hopeful yet wistful, "Our Day Will Come" (Ruby and the Romantics').
2326;1;He thrills us with his heartfelt emotion on Mary Did You Know?
2326;2;And someone named Blue, I bet they are blue!
2326;3;- um...pretty ok and good singing.
2326;4;Very nice listening Christmas songs.
2326;5;This CD focuses more on what Christmas really is meant to be, a celebration of Jesus' birthday and of the legacy of love we are supposed to uphold and carry out.
2326;6;Very nice listening Christmas songs.
2326;7;Very nice listening Christmas songs.
2326;8;He thrills us with his heartfelt emotion on Mary Did You Know?
2326;9;Every time I hear "What Are You Doing New Year's Eve", his fresh take on this 1940's tune, I want to start dancing!
2326;10;I love the song now, because it brings back such great memories...All the other songs are top notch as well and I do not skip any songs.
2325;1;"captian fantastic & the brown dirt cowboy," from 1975 is pretty darn good, too
2325;2;which is too bad, as this is an excellent all-around album
2325;3;So many good tunes, one after another.
2325;4;On the ballad side, these are some of his best.
2325;5;On the ballad side, these are some of his best.
2325;6;The most overt country sounds are found on the opening "Ballad Of A Well-Known Gun", "Country Comfort" (which Elton thought sounded better coming from Rod Stewart) & "Amoreena" (undoubtedly inspired by Leon Russell's classic "Delta Lady"), all of which show that lyrically, Bernie had found his home & was creating some of his best work at the tender age of 21!
2325;7;With its driving strings & Elton's percussive piano, the instrumental interludes in the middle & end will surely have you dancing around the room!
2325;8;Thematically , sequentially , cogent lyric wise (Bernie Taupin) , instrumental dedication (and refreshingly spare) wise , soulful vocally and exceptional composition wise , the very best album of Elton's early years .
2325;9;"Amoreena" sounds like a classic early 1970's rock and roll song, and it's totally fun!
2325;10;I love all of Sir Elton's work.
2324;1;Emotion Detector and Middletown Dreams are slightly weaker, but still really good.
2324;2;Even Geddy Lee doesn't sound bad and Peart's lyrics are well, profound.
2324;3;And the lyrics, about the good side and dark side of "big money" have lots of Neil Peart's clever juxtapositions, such as:.
2324;4;Rush is my favorite band and I am critical of their music, rarely giving them five stars.
2324;5;The guitar riffs aren't as consistent but it shows them fully committing to a new direction and focusing more on the atmosphere.
2324;6;This is Rush with a clean, refined sound.
2324;7;After viewing it, I jumped into my car and purchased the CD.
2324;8;Even Geddy Lee doesn't sound bad and Peart's lyrics are well, profound.
2324;9;I found myself dancing to that tune, having so much fun!
2324;10;Michaelangelo would be proud....I love the production of this album.
2331;1;Now since I have purchased the album my expectations have been met with good melodies and good rock that I have thoroughly enjoyed on their previous albums, the album did not dissappoint me.
2331;2;Creed is back in their latest installment "Weathered", and what a fine weathered friend it is.
2331;3;It is certainly good music, but very different than their first two albums.
2331;4;Creed is back in their latest installment "Weathered", and what a fine weathered friend it is.
2331;5;was one of the songs i really anticipated listening to, really melodic and I find the chorus lyrics that really move me, read it and see for yourself.
2331;6;When distortion is used, Tremonti balances it out with a clean guitar tone and this is apparent for most of the tracks.
2331;7;Weathered opens with "Bullets" and "Freedom Fighter", two driving and intense rockers.
2331;8;The album takes you through a whole range of emotions with meaningful lyrics, melodious music, and Scott Stapp's strong vocals.
2331;9;, signs, one last breath, my sacrifice, stand here with me, weathered, don't stop dancing....hide is easily one of the best songs on the cd.this album is a definite hit.
2331;10;This album is a lot more "polished," but just fails to convey that immediacy and power I loved in the first two.
2330;1;Trust me, it's that good...P.S. There's a small rumor going around that Trent may have a movie made of Year Zero.
2330;2;Trent is growing up fast now that he has kicked the bad touring habits and I almost feel somehow proud of what he has done with this album...Oh, and let me not forget to mention the NOISE and lush textures... the auditory playground that a real industrial album should be composed of... soft and then hard, beauty and grit... yet very refined and unusually focused, it is just killer stuff!
2330;3;Trust me, it's that good...P.S. There's a small rumor going around that Trent may have a movie made of Year Zero.
2330;4;Will take more listens to fully appreciate im sure, but it is definately a winner.
2330;5;Looks like MTR went back to basics and focused on why his hardcore fans liked him in the first place, making a brilliantly urgent, extremely noisy and very buried-in-the-mix chaotic masterpiece.
2330;6;I think this was a brilliant idea for Trent to do, and very funny as well...On the back of the album is a pretty good representation of what this future world looks like: On one side is a picture perfect neighborhood with clean streets, nice houses, big building, and a church.
2330;7;Given TR's masterful production skills and his desire to travel new creative avenues, I guess I shouldn't be surprised.
2330;8;The lyrics are especially interesting.
2330;9;Vessel has a very fun and funky chorus which could do great as a single.
2330;10;And even though I love With Teeth and I think it's a severely underrated album (not by means of sales but from half of Trent's fans trashing it), there is no doubt in my mind that Year Zero is far superior.
2329;1;Enjoy it for what it was and what it is: a good album by a good group...Enjoy!
2329;2;Pensive, sad, moving, eclectic, and beautiful.
2329;3;Ray Thomas quietly loves the ocean, it makes its presence known especially in the last three albums as an overarching theme, And The Tide Rushes In on A QUESTION OF BALANCE, Our Guessing Game on EVERY GOOD BOY DESERVES FAVOUR, and finally For My Lady on 7th SOJOURN.
2329;4;This is a very cool guitar/bass/drum workout by the band!
2329;5;This album is relevant to a lot of ordinary people whose reality focus has been affected by the Internet and fantasy TV, and is a must-own for anyone interested in progressive rock.
2329;6;Mike wanted to stay home in southern California with his wife and live in a closer spiritual environment with the "Stone Canyon Family" group he had spiritually befriended.
2329;7;Listening to that song on the way to work makes the drive more enjoyable.
2329;8;A beautiful warbled vocal track of introspective lyrics, with crescendo  choruses, Isn't Life Strange was both unique in sound to Moody Blues typical songs and was inherently a perfect fit with classic Moody Blues styles.
2329;9;The arrangements are lush and evocative
2329;10;Ray Thomas quietly loves the ocean, it makes its presence known especially in the last three albums as an overarching theme, And The Tide Rushes In on A QUESTION OF BALANCE, Our Guessing Game on EVERY GOOD BOY DESERVES FAVOUR, and finally For My Lady on 7th SOJOURN.
2328;1;I enjoyed "Baby I'm a Fool" and was  amazed that the next song was as good as the previous one.
2328;2;I love this album, it is cool and jazzy, but a little folky and blue grassy as well.
2328;3;Smooth... silky... sexy... good sleeping music.
2328;4;When she sings you really listen--and you listen closely, too, because she gives one heck of a performance!
2328;5;Like many young female singer/songwriters she focuses most of her material on love and relationships.
2328;6;When she sings you really listen--and you listen closely, too, because she gives one heck of a performance!
2328;7;While driving on a cross-country trip this week, I, very fortunately, heard Bob Edwards, of XM Radio's Public Radio station interview Melody Gardot about "My One and Only Thrill," her second, or third, depending on how and what you count, album...This is a remarkable album.
2328;8;She infuses each song on this album with a great deal of emotion
2328;9;Good easy listening music, it would make a good background music for a diner party or just for something relaxing.
2328;10;I love her voice and every track on this album, very romantic and soulful, I have recommended to many friends.
2335;1;The Four Tops are very good performers.
2335;2;The Four Tops are very good performers.
2335;3;The Four Tops are very good performers.
2335;4;The Four Tops are very good performers.
2335;5;The Four Tops are very good performers.
2335;6;The Four Tops are very good performers.
2335;7;The Four Tops are very good performers.
2335;8;The Four Tops are very good performers.
2335;9;Every hit on this CD is extraordinary & sets your heart & feet free to move, sing, feel & dance, even when sitting down or behind the 'wheel'.
2335;10;I love best of CDs.
2334;1;This is as good as all the others I've enjoyed through the years.
2334;2;"Year of the Cat" is nearly a perfect pop album.
2334;3;This is as good as all the others I've enjoyed through the years.
2334;4;"Year of the Cat" is nearly a perfect pop album.
2334;5;Mr. Woolfson & Mr. Parsons could have used Kraftwerk sounded bytes to make the perfect sountrack to read the famous  Asimov Novel, but they were a little wiser, and used Andrew Powell's  brilliant orchestral arrangments and a twist of funky sounds.
2334;6;The albums always have one or two really good instrumental pieces, but the lyrics hit home, too.
2334;7;I Robot fades into the  stylish, rocking I Wouldn't Want To Be Like You, the Project's first real  breakthrough song and a great driving song to boot.
2334;8;Some Other Time retains a delightful, situational mood with profound emotion, while Breakdown becomes the first song containing slight popcraft signs, although a beautiful, enjoyable and comprehensive song, beautifully orchestrated and possessing the greatest final moment in the album, its recognizable tunes are also a highlight.
2334;9;This is not  dance music, it is like fine wine, best when it is enjoyed slowly and  contemplatively.
2334;10;I love the songs, and the way Alan creates each song.
2333;1;this is a fantastic compilation and a good introduction to all of George's fantastic music over the years
2333;2;But to avoid the negative and to emphasize the positive.....Listeners will be treated to a collection of some of the most inspirational, gorgeous, contagious pop music in history.
2333;3;This is a good song about yearning for love and peace on earth.
2333;4;she likes The Beatles music and wanted to get her a taste of their solo work.
2333;5;Many church groups, including my church (it's a Catholic church) use George's songs for prayer meetings, Bible studies and discussion groups.
2333;6;With George Harrison's music I feel at home.
2333;7;Don't forget to work on adding All Things Must Pass digitally remastered (sounds incredible) and of course the remastered Traveling Wilburys...As long as I'm talking about Harrison I also feel the need to mention that one of my very favorite songs ever done is off The Concert For George two disc collection and is "The Inner Light" performed by Jeff Lynne and Anoushka Shankar.
2333;8;From exotic sounds, diverse chords, 12 string guitars, gorgeous harmonies, inspirational lyrics etc. etc.
2333;9;I also like the fun tracks "Any Road" and "Cheer Down".
2333;10;Have always loved this man and having watched the Documentary of his life on HBO, I now know why I have felt this way all these years.
2332;1;really good music for a good cause.
2332;2;Too bad that Syd and Richard have past, and that Dave and Roger cannot stand each other...  The CD set came quite quickly, and was in excellent shape  Great recording too!
2332;3;really good music for a good cause.
2332;4;This album is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
2332;5;But I was really impressed with the On An Island tracks, the Floyd material is solid, and if you're reading this you are probably some kind of fan and have bought/plan to buy this.
2332;6;This album is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
2332;7;The release of this set is possibly the last trip up on the roller coaster, as we get a chance to see Mr. Gilmour and Mr. Wright perform their magic along with Mr. Manzanera, Mr. DiStanislao, Mr. Carin, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Parry and an orchestra one last time, as well as have a souvenir to take with us and listen to in the car or wherever we enjoy listening to CDs.
2332;8;Pink Floyd fans have been on a roller coaster of emotions in the first part of the 21st Century, and this excellent document takes us back to An Island of Pink Floyd and Gilmour/Wright magic one last time.
2332;9;Great stuff and a fun time for my wife and I to watch together!!!
2332;10;The quality of the CDs and the DVDs is excellent, and you can tell a lot of work went into this, as well as a lot of love.
2336;1;Enjoy 79:45 minutes of YES magic at a 70's peak... A 17 page booklet included with original and extra artwork, lyrics & great track notes.
2336;2;If I were to say anything bad about the album, it's the fact that the naked man on the album cover has got to go.
2336;3;It just melds into you and is incredible to listen to on a good stereo system or with high quality headphones.
2336;4;Check this one out as "Awaken" is worth the price of admission alone
2336;5;The interplay between Howe's guitar and Wakeman's piano is simple but brilliant, and proves that when the band honed and focused their incredible instrumental skills they could create.some of their best-ever work.
2336;6;It's one of my favorite Yes songs, and the band really brings it home.
2336;7;I have the vinyl of this somewhere (I think) - the CD is great too - I listen to it in my car whenever I can find it (the CD that is)....
2336;8;The opening track 'Going for the One' hits pretty strongly right out of the gate, although a bit raucous at times, it still conveys a positive message through its lyrics.
2336;9;Like leaves we touch, we danced, we once knew the story.
2336;10;I loved "Going for the One" in a time when prog-rock stations were dying or going to the "underground."
2337;1;"N.S.U." speaks for so  many people with just one line: "The only time I'm happy's when I play  my guitar."
2337;2;jack bruce is one of my all time favorite singers and if you can't hear it in "born under a bad sign" or "deserted cities of the heart" then maybe you'll hear him in "white room" which i heard him say was his favorite of all the songs he has recorded.
2337;3;Wars will stop, peace will reign, love will reconnect us with Mother Earth and Father Sky, the stars will realign with the forces of good all because you bought this CD instead of that stupid ugly aqua-blue sweater you saw at the Salvation Army for your Aunt Bess.
2337;4;Clapton gives a tour de force in fret burning and some sweet vocals.
2337;5;It has all the hits WHite Room adn Tales of Brabe Ulysses, Ulysses, in case you didn't know, was a book by James Joyce, and not many people have read it, but it is The best one written.
2337;6;The analog-digital conversion is nice and clean.
2337;7;This is one of the best bands of the late  '60s, and is still everywhere, appearing most recently in car commercials  ("I Feel Free") and a computer commercial ("White  Room").
2337;8;jack bruce is one of my all time favorite singers and if you can't hear it in "born under a bad sign" or "deserted cities of the heart" then maybe you'll hear him in "white room" which i heard him say was his favorite of all the songs he has recorded.
2337;9;It is nevertheless a fun, laid-back listen...Compilation discs often disappoint in one way or another, and while this one isn't perfect, it's darn close.
2337;10;I love EVERY song on this album.
2338;1;I enjoy this hendrix blues he had so much talent to give everything he put out is fantastic and really rock and roll to great music
2338;2;You get awesome performances of 'Hear my train a comin' in both acoustic and electric, as well other songs by him and covers of other blue numbers.
2338;3;Fast delivery and good packaging, product exactly as described.
2338;4;There's some truly fantastic playing on the psychedlic blues workout Catfish Blues and amazing guitar throughout this CD.
2338;5;It's a Hendrix bio that  is worth the price of the cd itself, and you'll probably read it a few  times.
2338;6;Red house is his best song.
2338;7;One sounds like excellent 12 string work from a old school country blues man, the electric one seems like a dream or some mind blowing LSD trip.
2338;8;He plays it with such emotion and fire.
2338;9;Jimi's fretwork is simply mind blowing on this collection.
2338;10;I really love the Blues and when I first heard this album I went out that day and bought it.
2339;1;As would become a custom on Prince albums all the songs are good.
2339;2;They also lost that organic sound that made Prince's work stay feet on the ground (Instead of drifting off into space) Prince's organic & minimal Stripped down production style was fading and by "1999" it would be gone(Beginning a whole new chapter in Prince's recording career)Not that that was a Totally bad thing especially considering that Prince's music style needed a change & he wouldn't have become the huge icon he is today...Still it's a matter of public opinion...1.
2339;3;As would become a custom on Prince albums all the songs are good.
2339;4;The first track, which is the title track, is a new-wave and funk workout that has Prince doing some of the best drumming and playing the best synthesizer lines in his career.
2339;5;'Dirty Mind' is the perfect combination of funk and rock.
2339;6;I was only 11 when it was released and wasn't allowed to listen to it at home (I snuck to my friend Pablo's house) but it's sound and influence are still as far reaching and enjoyable as they were almost 22 years ago.
2339;7;Controversy the album part 2...'In my daddy's car.It's you I really want to drive'.
2339;8;The vocals are executed very elegantly and tenderly, But the lyrics are genius "I love you more/Than I did when You were mine" it's a sad song to make you cry & one of the best this album offers.
2339;9;The closing track titled,"Partyup", is a relentless dance jam about dancing and partying as opossed to fighting in a war.
2339;10;I love this album, this was the start of an amazing carrear.
2340;1;Billion Dollar Babies will always be my favorite Alice Cooper album but this one is also a good one to have.
2340;2;Second Coming and Black Juju are also great and you won't find those on a greatest hits package.
2340;3;Billion Dollar Babies will always be my favorite Alice Cooper album but this one is also a good one to have.
2340;4;Second Coming and Black Juju are also great and you won't find those on a greatest hits package.
2340;5;While their first two releases (Pretties for You and Easy Action) showed a lot of potential, Love it to Death had something neither one of those albums had: focus.
2340;6;Second Coming and Black Juju are also great and you won't find those on a greatest hits package.
2340;7;Neal Smith's drum work is, as always, the driving force behind these classic songs, and thanks to Dennis Dunaway's fantastic bass work, you have an album that is a must have for your rock collection.
2340;8;In terms of a top-to-bottom, cover-to-cover good listen, it leaves most of the other Cooper releases behind...Combining good rock n' roll, memorable lyrics, creepy theatrics, sneering wit, and a young, lean, go-for-broke approach, "Love It To Death" is and always will be my favorite Alice Cooper release.
2340;9;The songs are just fun to listen to and fun to play if you're a guitarist.
2340;10;I bought this as a gift for my son and he loves it.
2341;1;This cd was a great list of music and rod stewart was great in the singing part and jeff was fantastic in playing guitar with a lot of other good people in the band.
2341;2;I know some have slagged it off, but I really enjoy the cheesy Love is Blue most of all!
2341;3;He has that good gritty voice that, for my money, is cut out much more for singing this type of music than his later pop material.
2341;4;But it's a Beck original.
2341;5;But it's a Beck original.
2341;6;I knew it matched them because I've had it on vinyl for years, but this is a nice clean version.
2341;7;I'm in my car with the windows down at a red light and a kid in his twenty pulls up to my right and says to me "hey man, make it louder this is great stuff "  Need I say any more?
2341;8;If you believe in sound for sound's sake and don't care whether they lyrics contain profound insights into the human condition, you're the right audience.
2341;9;But it's a Beck original.
2341;10;Jeff Beck always been one of my guitar heroes, he is just unique in what he plays, if you love rock music, definitely Jeff is your thing.
2342;1;It's not good, it's fantastic!
2342;2;This cd rocks and so does black gives way to blue
2342;3;This is just as good as the older stuff.
2342;4;There are a lot of great songs on this disk, a certain depth that draws you in.
2342;5;The case came in red color and the book came with letters that only can be readed throught the cover case, it's difference and very nice item.
2342;6;The distortion is flawless, as is the clean chime in the "softer" ballads.
2342;7;The band sounds more in harmony and purposeful with this release, and I truly enjoy listening to this album while passing the time in my car.
2342;8;They're the type of lyrics that you actually have to dig beyond the surface to get at the true meaning, but when you do, it all makes sense...DuVall's presence in this band has evolved, while he's still playing co-pilot to Cantrell, he does have more of a presence here than he did in Black Gives Way to Blue.
2342;9;Catchy and fun, I like it..."Stone" is up next and it's been another radio hit.
2342;10;This is truly Alice in Chains music and I love it.
2343;1;He pulls no punches when he talks about Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War, and good for him!
2343;2;He pulls no punches when he talks about Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War, and good for him!
2343;3;He pulls no punches when he talks about Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War, and good for him!
2343;4;He pulls no punches when he talks about Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War, and good for him!
2343;5;He pulls no punches when he talks about Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War, and good for him!
2343;6;The two new songs are his best in years and sound at home here with the back catalog.
2343;7;I know most have Sirus Radio, but it you want music to rock to when you're on a road trip this is a must have in your music arsenal
2343;8;"Highway" soars aloft in particular and features a nifty arrangement with a melodious melody, lyrical lyrics, and a glorious gospel break...I should also mention how good the whole album sounds -- this is a state-of-the-art recording, something not possible in CCR's heyday.
2343;9;It makes the music new and fun again.
2343;10;This album reminded me just how much I love these songs.
2344;1;Lucky me - was able to get tickets, and will gladly sacrifice three hours in the car both ways to enjoy her beautiful take on music.
2344;2;First of all, her jazz fusion interpretation is unlike anything I've heard.
2344;3;This album is best listened to on a good stereo or headphone, to highlight the quality in which it was recorded.
2344;4;First of all, her jazz fusion interpretation is unlike anything I've heard.
2344;5;First of all, her jazz fusion interpretation is unlike anything I've heard.
2344;6;First of all, her jazz fusion interpretation is unlike anything I've heard.
2344;7;Lucky me - was able to get tickets, and will gladly sacrifice three hours in the car both ways to enjoy her beautiful take on music.
2344;8;I love the insightful, socially conscious lyrics that Esperanza weaves in from time to time.
2344;9;She brings both excitement and fun to the music.
2344;10;I absolutely love how some of her songs are done in a different language
2345;1;The first listen, you'll enjoy it and appreciate the fantastic melodies.
2345;2;It is absolutely beautiful and sad.
2345;3;There is nothing bad about this album, that's what makes it so good.
2345;4;The second time you'll find your favorite songs.
2345;5;If you're reading this review it means you're a fan and should've already bought the album.
2345;6;All in all this album has the mellowness,with heart and emotion,spoken with clarity and clean vox.
2345;7;From the opening track, Windowpane, you will be lost in the Opeth's music, and trust me it is a trip well worth taking.
2345;8;The lyrics on this album are very poetic, and work well with the music.
2345;9;And all parties manage to add gentle nuances to their performances.
2345;10;If you are a blues fan, or know and love Opeth for their softer side, then this is for you.
2346;1;But overall, Free Yourself is a CD you can really enjoy listening to while sitting in Atlanta's bumper to bumper traffic or just crusin'!
2346;2;Fantasia sings with so much emotion that the listen can feel the pain, joy and heartbreak in every word...This girl can SING... look out world, FANTASIA has arrived!
2346;3;The CD at hand is really, really good!
2346;4;Worth the wait and every penny to purchase this CD!
2346;5;If you click on thier "read my other reviews" you can see what I'm talking about.
2346;6;Worth the wait and every penny to purchase this CD!
2346;7;I Bought This CD During The Summer, I Keep It Only In My Car, Because I Consider This As  What I Call "My Riding Music.
2346;8;I believe she always sang with heartfelt emotion but most importantly she ventured to take chances with her vocals.
2346;9;And this is one fun song.
2346;10;A couple of other tracks that I really liked were Selfish with Missy on the cut, Summertime was a nice track, It's All Good was the one uptempo song I did like off there which showed she could take it to the side or level if she wanted, and You Were Always On My Mind which kind of connects with Truth Is being in that love lost category.
2347;1;Came across this group while listening to Christmas music on Pandora, and fell in love - they are fun, melodic and just something different in comparison to the good but sometimes overplayed old Christmas songs.
2347;2;Other favorites include This Christmas, Little Saint Nick (this version is fun!)
2347;3;Good group - nice variety -
2347;4;Other favorites include This Christmas, Little Saint Nick (this version is fun!)
2347;5;Thank you for reading my review.
2347;6;A favorite CD this holiday season at my house.
2347;7;Other favorites include This Christmas, Little Saint Nick (this version is fun!)
2347;8;I find the sadness of the lyrics an interesting contrast to the upbeat melody.
2347;9;It makes great background music at Christmas parties, AND it's fun to listen to year-round!
2347;10;I love Christmas music and male choral music, so it is nearly a given that I love this CD.
2348;1;I enjoy his music about love, life, and family, played with his family.
2348;2;I love this man's music and voice!
2348;3;This is very good mix of blues, country New Orleans  jazz, and even some hints of bluegrass.
2348;4;I love this man's music and voice!
2348;5;I love this man's music and voice!
2348;6;I love this man's music and voice!
2348;7;I love this man's music and voice!
2348;8;The variety of musical styles, the lyrics, and production of this cd is amazing.
2348;9;Some are light and make you want to dance.
2348;10;I love this man's music and voice!
2349;1;Sleigh Ride, Jingle Bells and other traditional secular tunes are fun and bouncy without becoming childish...The second disc in this collection, originally An Old Fashioned Christmas, is an organic continuation of the first disc, and played back-to-back, they form a seamless whole of enjoyable Christmas fare.
2349;2;It will make you feel happy and sad at the same time.
2349;3;I merrily recommend it for your listening enjoyment all-year-round...May this Christmas Season bring more joy, peace, love and blessings to one and all!
2349;4;It's always been a delight listening to this double CD filled with all-time Christmas favorites as interpreted by the talented brother-sister-team of Richard and Karen Carpenter.
2349;5;It's always been a delight listening to this double CD filled with all-time Christmas favorites as interpreted by the talented brother-sister-team of Richard and Karen Carpenter.
2349;6;More than that, it is especially nice to have on the sound system (we used to call them record players) and filling up your house with seasonal music and a great mood.
2349;7;This is an awesome CD
2349;8;It will make you feel happy and sad at the same time.
2349;9;Sleigh Ride, Jingle Bells and other traditional secular tunes are fun and bouncy without becoming childish...The second disc in this collection, originally An Old Fashioned Christmas, is an organic continuation of the first disc, and played back-to-back, they form a seamless whole of enjoyable Christmas fare.
2349;10;I loved them all and they're my all-time favorites.
2350;1;All tha otha trackz are good.
2350;2;All tha otha trackz are good.
2350;3;All tha otha trackz are good.
2350;4;All tha otha trackz are good.
2350;5;First of all the rapid fire delivery is strong here so read the lyrics online and you will be amazed how deep and amazing the lyrics are.
2350;6;All tha otha trackz are good.
2350;7;Its not about talking about how many cars they got and platinum chains they got this is Real!
2350;8;It never gets old, and it has a marvelous message, lyrics, style, subject matter, and a very pleasing beat.
2350;9;All tha otha trackz are good.
2350;10;If you liked their "Creepin on a Come Up" album, you'll love this album.
2351;1;I am enjoying it immensely and finding new joy from this work every time I listen to it...But honestly, it all works, and change is good if the listener gives it a chance.
2351;2;These Metal Masters from Great Britian really deliver energetic passion, pleasure, and pain twisting another dimension into the Metallion!
2351;3;Although I haven't been enlightened by it yet I'm going to keep listening to it until I am, and surely a lot more after that, but first I'm going to finish my second reading of the Kybalion, which is a very good book for those who are ready for it.
2351;4;I enjoyed the whole cd...and it grows after every listen...but you can't just crank it up and hope for 1983 SCREAMIN FOR VENGEANCE-style ferocity.
2351;5;As for the music, it is different for Priest, but I have found it to be good as background music for when I'm reading.
2351;6;I enjoyed the whole cd...and it grows after every listen...but you can't just crank it up and hope for 1983 SCREAMIN FOR VENGEANCE-style ferocity.
2351;7;Great driving music and if you can try this alone on a road trip during a lightning storm, I promise you will be hooked.
2351;8;Great quality CD, but the lyrics were a little too evil for me at this time.
2351;9;I enjoyed the whole cd...and it grows after every listen...but you can't just crank it up and hope for 1983 SCREAMIN FOR VENGEANCE-style ferocity.
2351;10;Not everyone is going to love this.
2353;1;This CD is good value also due to it's large amount of fantastic songs...there is 14 songs on this studio album total and  1 hours time to hear the whole thing at once.
2353;2;It's perfect for King's voice and his altercations with Poulsen are somewhat amazing (too bad it will be hard to do it live...).
2353;3;So far my second favorite album of the year (behind Silverstein) about an hour of music, with quite a few great tracks, (Pearl Hart , Lola Montez, the single -The Hangman's Body count) numerous good songs, and no bad songs.
2353;4;Her voice is amazing and the vocal lines are from the other world.
2353;5;This is definitely the most ambitious set of tracks they've committed to tape, the songwriting is tightly focused, there are lots of hooks, most of them heavy -- thanks, no doubt, to Caggiano's presence.
2353;6;Very melodic, great guitar riffs and great clean vocals.
2353;7;Her voice is amazing and the vocal lines are from the other world.
2353;8;It's perfect for King's voice and his altercations with Poulsen are somewhat amazing (too bad it will be hard to do it live...).
2353;9;They are still having fun with making music, and man oh man does this music sound great on the road.
2353;10;And the album ends with my least favorite song, Our Loved Ones, a kind of heavy ballad that is good, but not really special.
2352;1;Now I enjoy listening good songs.
2352;2;This one is sad yet hopeful, and the vocals are perfect.
2352;3;Now I enjoy listening good songs.
2352;4;Almost without exception over these two CDs her uptempo tunes put you in a happy mood, while her ballads touch the heart.
2352;5;Almost without exception over these two CDs her uptempo tunes put you in a happy mood, while her ballads touch the heart.
2352;6;When I am alone, I still play this all the way through to clean the house.
2352;7;she has such talent and her songs are wonderful to listen to when driving.
2352;8;She'll make it though and albums like this one will prove to the rest that she's still got it all.....a beautiful voice, amazing lyrics that she writes herself, excellent video direction.
2352;9;In this album, love is her theme, among other things like friendship, persevering, believing that you'll reconnect with someone you love, being thankful for having your loved ones, not wanting to cry, being there for your loved ones, having a dreamlover, having fantasies, etc.
2352;10;I love this romantic ballad which includes this Spanish guitar.
2355;1;Chris Cornell brings his trademark powerful voice, but when he's not screaming, he can really soften up and bring out some deep emotion in his voice too...The third track, Hunger Strike, is still a radio staple to this day.
2355;2;The pain of Say Hello 2 Heaven, the famous duo with Vedder on Hunger Strike, the bluesy tone in Call me A Dog, and the operatic power on Times of Trouble and Four Walled World is just flatout amazing.
2355;3;Hard to even describe how good this album is.
2355;4;One of my favorite albums of all time.
2355;5;And Reach Down starts absolutely amazing, but it does lose focus during the jam.
2355;6;He shared a house with Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell and this album is basically his tribute to Andrew.
2355;7;This is the kind of music you have on both vinyl and CD, on your phone, in your car, and buying for friends and loved ones and random acts of rock.
2355;8;Chris Cornell brings his trademark powerful voice, but when he's not screaming, he can really soften up and bring out some deep emotion in his voice too...The third track, Hunger Strike, is still a radio staple to this day.
2355;9;It manages to be both fun and moving, and has stood up to my and my friends' repeated listenings over the past decade.
2355;10;This one off project fronted by Chris Cornell,  with Matt Cameron on drums and the remaining members of Mother Love Bone, later to form part of Pearl Jam, is some of the most beautiful catharsis ever recorded.
2354;1;So good also happy it was released on vinyl
2354;2;So good also happy it was released on vinyl
2354;3;So good also happy it was released on vinyl
2354;4;So good also happy it was released on vinyl
2354;5;I know these days lots of people buy their albums in digital format, but I love seeing the album art, and reading what the artist has to say.
2354;6;This group definitely will be taking home the hardware at the CMA'S!
2354;7;So good also happy it was released on vinyl
2354;8;The vocals, the lyrics, and the music add up to brilliant young artists.
2354;9;creative, fun, SUPERB.this one stays in my cd player pretty much all the time!!!
2354;10;I love everything about them...Stop by my blog to hear more about the band, [...]
2357;1;FREE XONE is a song against homophobia, very funky and happy.
2357;2;Janet outdid her self,sad that this may be the best cd she will ever create.
2357;3;What About- Again, one of my favorite songs, and the idea of mixing soft noises for the verses and hyping it into the chorus, as well as fusing it with the songwriting, was inspiring to TLC, who then in 1999 for their album "FanMail" wrote something with that formula for "I'm Good at Being Bad".
2357;4;It has that workout feeling to it.
2357;5;I'm so happy to read amazon.com's other customer's brilliant reviews on the album.
2357;6;The 80s house party jam Go Deep is about looking hot, dancing with friends, and taking a guy home with you if you want.
2357;7;She has created a world so surreal that it drives you into a fantasy unknown to you before.
2357;8;Every Time- Another favorite of mine
2357;9;The interlude - Speaker Phone is funny...Go Deep - 7/10: A fun party starter type of song that is very 90's...Free Zone - 7/10: Great mix of music that goes back and fourth between new jack swing, hip hop and R&B with a hint of reggae.
2357;10;Velvet Rope **** I love the fact that she used Vanessa Mae in this track.
2356;1;I thoroughly enjoyed her take on When You Wish Upon A Star with the one and only Barbra Streisand, who's version of My Favorite Things from her first Christmas album gets vocally and lyrically referenced in Mary's superb version on this CD.
2356;2;It even comes with two pages of beautifully designed holiday gift tag stickers.
2356;3;Great Christmas album with some really good songs
2356;4;It even comes with two pages of beautifully designed holiday gift tag stickers.
2356;5;It even comes with two pages of beautifully designed holiday gift tag stickers.
2356;6;It even comes with two pages of beautifully designed holiday gift tag stickers.
2356;7;On a simpler Fender Rhodes electric piano-driven "Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas",light guitar driven "The Christmas Song" and Donny Hathaway's classic "This Christmas" Mary gives a more 70's style soul treatment-especially on the latter which pays close instrumental attention to the original.
2356;8;The CD steamrolls to a blockbuster conclusion with the French lyric "Petit Papa Noel," the inspired "The First Noel" & the and English/Spanish mix on "Noche De Paz (Silent Night)" with Marc Anthony.
2356;9;Jeff Driskill's saxophone and Mary's scat singing puts punch into this often-recorded playful song and Mary exclaiming, "Man, that was fun!"
2356;10;Execellent, Loved it this past Christmas, a must buy
2359;1;This became a donation and it felt good to give to someone in dire need to keep and enjoy.
2359;2;Regardless of the negative reviews, 'Undisclosed Desires' is an amazing song!
2359;3;And the reviews here and elsewhere on professional sites/magazines are also inevitable: some proclaiming it Muse's masterpiece, others that its a bad album.
2359;4;It's quite fun to watch, as it has a lot of moments of the band goofing off.
2359;5;And if you get the CD you can read the lyrics, which are very much like a musical conversation...Also, if you consider getting the DVD Bonus version, it is literally showing what they did.
2359;6;Best way I can describe.....The Resistance is a squeaky clean Muse ball which rolled down a hill.
2359;7;Progressive, beautiful, and epic, "United States of Eurasia..." is another breathtaking performance from Muse featuring strings, middle eastern sounds, grand vocal harmonies, and a driving groove.
2359;8;And the reviews here and elsewhere on professional sites/magazines are also inevitable: some proclaiming it Muse's masterpiece, others that its a bad album.
2359;9;It's quite fun to watch, as it has a lot of moments of the band goofing off.
2359;10;I love Muse, and I have to side with the fans who call this a masterpiece.
2358;1;Music of my youth, good stuff.
2358;2;Very inexpensive way to get into some of their best work.
2358;3;Music of my youth, good stuff.
2358;4;Very inexpensive way to get into some of their best work.
2358;5;Very inexpensive way to get into some of their best work.
2358;6;Very inexpensive way to get into some of their best work.
2358;7;Very inexpensive way to get into some of their best work.
2358;8;Very inexpensive way to get into some of their best work.
2358;9;people who likes funk, r&b classics, this album it's a must have in your collection, only for the simple reason that you have one of the greatest performers from southern California & usa, the selections in this album will put you to dance &going to great memories , xcellent music choice that I do recommend to everybody, as well as the seller, very prompt response delivery & great price.
2358;10;Love these songs by this group and really appreciate finding it!!!
2361;1;Excellent production and some good solos...I am not much for words but after 30 years of listening experience, all I can say is that this is very impressive and should be checked out by anyone who enjoys intelligent, heavy, and loud music.
2361;2;For another, I had nothing to compare it to and was thus able to enjoy it for what it is: a progressive masterpiece...To say there is not a bad track on this album would be one of the most incredible understatements ever uttered.
2361;3;recordings demands your hard-earned money and a spin on a good stereo.
2361;4;recordings demands your hard-earned money and a spin on a good stereo.
2361;5;It is focused, clear, and powerful, pushing Mastodon in a new direction exemplified by the Air element.
2361;6;Clean riffs are blended often with distorted ones in true progressive fashion, and there are a wealth of other sounds and effects going on in the background of every song.
2361;7;There's a lot of percussion on the album, the drums are just as driving as ever, the music is intense as always, and I really dig the vocals.
2361;8;For another, I had nothing to compare it to and was thus able to enjoy it for what it is: a progressive masterpiece...To say there is not a bad track on this album would be one of the most incredible understatements ever uttered.
2361;9;Although I was a little late to the party, I am a huge fan of this band and respect what they have brought to the world of heavier music.
2361;10;If I had to nail down a couple tracks, Oblivion, Divinations, and The Last Baron.
2360;1;Seger, good stuff, i have enjoyed seger for 40 years give or take and this is some of his best.
2360;2;Bob Seger is The Best!
2360;3;Seger, good stuff, i have enjoyed seger for 40 years give or take and this is some of his best.
2360;4;Bob Seger is The Best!
2360;5;Bob Seger is The Best!
2360;6;I especially love his best songs at high volume in my car or in my studio when no one is home!!
2360;7;I especially love his best songs at high volume in my car or in my studio when no one is home!!
2360;8;Bob Seger is The Best!
2360;9;Bob Seger is The Best!
2360;10;The arrangements are incredible - love the piano and guitar!!!
2363;1;It's that good an album, you can't say definitely which is your favorite track..."Talking Book" is a fantastic journey to the center of one man's soul.
2363;2;who would ocassionally serve as songwriting partners with.Stevie and co-penned some of his more poignant songs from.the early 70's like the beautiful and sad "Blame It On The Sun".
2363;3;It's really too bad Stevie couldn't keep this quality up after "Key of Life," but the fact that anyone could produce an album this consistently good is amazing.
2363;4;musical visionary of mythical proportions!
2363;5;Yet by focusing on his abilities as a singer-songwriter this album and it's musically expansive predecessor are two of his most important works on his musical journey.
2363;6;This edition of "Talking Book" is housed in a beautiful reproduction of the original record sleeve.
2363;7;His natural songwriting talents combined with the latest technology and his unmistakable vocals make for what is undoubtedly a timeless classic...Many of the tracks on "Talking Book" have become standards since their initial release including the wonderful "You Are The Sunshine Of My Life", "Tuesday Heartbreak", "Blame It On The Sun", "You've Got It Bad Girl" and the driving funk of "Superstition".
2363;8;but this is first one that I knew of which opened up.like a book with the lyrics printed in the inner jacket.
2363;9;musical visionary of mythical proportions!
2363;10;The ballads are wonders unto  themselves
2362;1;Pure fun and good memories.
2362;2;I like them and this was as close as I could get to the "blue greatest hits album," which was popular in the early 70's, and I'm not willing to pay the price for that album.
2362;3;This CD is soooooooo good !!
2362;4;If you're looking for something that really represents The Temptation's work through the years this album is a clear choice winner.
2362;5;If you're looking for something that really represents The Temptation's work through the years this album is a clear choice winner.
2362;6;If you're looking for something that really represents The Temptation's work through the years this album is a clear choice winner.
2362;7;If you're looking for something that really represents The Temptation's work through the years this album is a clear choice winner.
2362;8;If you're looking for something that really represents The Temptation's work through the years this album is a clear choice winner.
2362;9;Pure fun and good memories.
2362;10;Just a great cd,I loved it and think you will too
2365;1;It's that good an album, you can't say definitely which is your favorite track..."Talking Book" is a fantastic journey to the center of one man's soul.
2365;2;who would ocassionally serve as songwriting partners with.Stevie and co-penned some of his more poignant songs from.the early 70's like the beautiful and sad "Blame It On The Sun".
2365;3;It's really too bad Stevie couldn't keep this quality up after "Key of Life," but the fact that anyone could produce an album this consistently good is amazing.
2365;4;Just one my favorite ones!
2365;5;Yet by focusing on his abilities as a singer-songwriter this album and it's musically expansive predecessor are two of his most important works on his musical journey.
2365;6;This edition of "Talking Book" is housed in a beautiful reproduction of the original record sleeve.
2365;7;His natural songwriting talents combined with the latest technology and his unmistakable vocals make for what is undoubtedly a timeless classic...Many of the tracks on "Talking Book" have become standards since their initial release including the wonderful "You Are The Sunshine Of My Life", "Tuesday Heartbreak", "Blame It On The Sun", "You've Got It Bad Girl" and the driving funk of "Superstition".
2365;8;He sang soulfully and lyrics deep
2365;9;Just one my favorite ones!
2365;10;The ballads are wonders unto  themselves
2364;1;Good easy listening with fun songs to sing along to.
2364;2;The lyrics are deep, and tell a story of agony that a "ramblin' man" is facing -- I love you but I leave you / I don't want you but I need you.
2364;3;Another very good album by Zac!
2364;4;The lyrics are deep, and tell a story of agony that a "ramblin' man" is facing -- I love you but I leave you / I don't want you but I need you.
2364;5;The lyrics are deep, and tell a story of agony that a "ramblin' man" is facing -- I love you but I leave you / I don't want you but I need you.
2364;6;My wife and I love his music, turned up loud whenever we travel or at home especially now when it is vacation season.
2364;7;My wife and I love his music, turned up loud whenever we travel or at home especially now when it is vacation season.
2364;8;The lyrics are deep, and tell a story of agony that a "ramblin' man" is facing -- I love you but I leave you / I don't want you but I need you.
2364;9;They are upbeat, great musicianship, and fun.
2364;10;The lyrics are deep, and tell a story of agony that a "ramblin' man" is facing -- I love you but I leave you / I don't want you but I need you.
2367;1;I would highly recommend this CD to everyone who enjoys good music.
2367;2;Regretfully I had a great deal of negative opinions on the creative choices Alicia Keys has been making on her last several albums.
2367;3;This new Alicia is exciting, and intimate..."Girl On Fire" wasn't a good choice for a single but it helped to layout the overall theme of the album.
2367;4;The music is excellent for young ladies who are coming into their own not to be fearful but embrace their future.
2367;5;The music is excellent for young ladies who are coming into their own not to be fearful but embrace their future.
2367;6;The music is excellent for young ladies who are coming into their own not to be fearful but embrace their future.
2367;7;Her talent is amazing....it is a perfect CD for the car on long drives and just plain fun
2367;8;She has definitely matured and her voice and lyrics are a testament that life is in a great place for her.
2367;9;This song has the same spirit of a belly dance song.
2367;10;I am a fan of Alicia Keys and I love her music.
2366;1;And God is using her in a wonderful way, through the wonderful talent the good lord has given her!
2366;2;I would love to have this album.
2366;3;And God is using her in a wonderful way, through the wonderful talent the good lord has given her!
2366;4;I would love to have this album.
2366;5;I would love to have this album.
2366;6;I would love to have this album.
2366;7;I would love to have this album.
2366;8;I would love to have this album.
2366;9;I would love to have this album.
2366;10;I would love to have this album.
2374;1;This is a fantastic album full of horror filled and hard rocking tunes, the best of which is "Halo of Flies" a tribute to the spy movie genre.
2374;2;There's not.one bad cut and a number of great ones!
2374;3;This fourth album from the original Alice Cooper band probably sent numerous "peace and love" hippies running for cover in its day.
2374;4;This fourth album from the original Alice Cooper band probably sent numerous "peace and love" hippies running for cover in its day.
2374;5;But I was just reading an article about Lou Reed doing songs from his "Berlin" album live, and the connection with Reed and Bob Ezrin, and that got me nostalgic, so I ordered up a CD of "Killer."
2374;6;This fourth album from the original Alice Cooper band probably sent numerous "peace and love" hippies running for cover in its day.
2374;7;This carries through the short Spanish-flavored "Desperado," the aformentioned "Halo Of Flies," along with the tredging, almost hypnotic gritty rockers of "You Drive Me Nervous," and "Yeah, Yeah, Yeah."
2374;8;Second number up is "Be My Lover", with the opening lyrics of "She struts into the room, and I don't know her, but with a magnifying glass I just thought I'd look her over", very P.C. Alice!
2374;9;It can be really fun and really dark.
2374;10;This fourth album from the original Alice Cooper band probably sent numerous "peace and love" hippies running for cover in its day.
2375;1;They are alot of fun to listen to, but the thing I love about them is not that they're the most incredible musicians ever (because they're not), because the emotion they put in their music is uplifting and something I can sometimes relate to.
2375;2;Great song to sing along to if youve had a bad day.
2375;3;"Back 2 Good" was a pretty big hit as was "Real World," "Push," and "3 AM."
2375;4;I also love the closing track "Hang" which is a more mellow acoustic track.
2375;5;Also, as you listen to them, and you'll actually feel a sense of deja vu, as though Rob Thomas has succeeded in reading your mind, and spelt out your innermost thoughts.
2375;6;The one advantage is the absolutely great surprise I get when it comes home.
2375;7;I especially recommend listening to this on a long drive!
2375;8;The lyrics, like many bands with similar musical styles, make sense and the band members have probably experienced all of the emotions conveyed in the lyrics before, as they connect with you.
2375;9;They are alot of fun to listen to, but the thing I love about them is not that they're the most incredible musicians ever (because they're not), because the emotion they put in their music is uplifting and something I can sometimes relate to.
2375;10;I also love the closing track "Hang" which is a more mellow acoustic track.
2372;1;This Tarkus set 2012 sounds FANTASTIC!
2372;2;It's an Acoustic/Electric Guitar ballad - sad and beautiful and moving.
2372;3;This time justice has come: excellent packaging, very good notes from the vaults and from Steve Wilson, interesting second disc and beautiful 5.1 remix in DVD.
2372;4;Tarkus is probably one of the best albums of the progressive era.
2372;5;One could make a study of ELP's cowboy songs alone..."Bitches' Crystal" is a quick study in tearing the listener's head off that tends to get buried in the ELP catalog.
2372;6;I picked the newer remaster up used a couple of days ago and it is a nice sounding piece of prog rock history...The B3 is sharp and distinctive and the drums are tight and clean...If you are an ELP fan,then adding this to your collection is a no-brainer...It is such a drag to have a decent sound system and be forced to listen to flat and muddy sounding recordings...This is an exception.
2372;7;Tarkus takes elements of jazz, rock and classical and combines them with ELP's well known driving spirit, vocalizations and musicianship.
2372;8;The title track is quite a musical journey that is non-stop mythical lyrics with underlying meanings.
2372;9;And this also features two high energy pieces: Bitches Cyrstal and Time And A Place: two great rock pieces...Negatives: side two is light weight compared to the first...Postives: TARKUS and the other songs are still fun...Almost the best ELP album.
2372;10;I loved the album so why not the CD?
2373;1;I waited a long time to finally bought it and Im really happy that I did.
2373;2;This live offering has everything a Maiden fan could want, power, passion and pain along with the glory of the band flying high on the road following the massive success of the Powerslave release.
2373;3;The reason I picked this record to buy is because it's a good overview of 'Maiden from that period.
2373;4;"Running Free" is the audience participation workout and gets suitably stretched.
2373;5;As for Live After Death, well, it's fabulous, read the other posts if you want details.
2373;6;Although the mix might not be as clean as the other live albums, the energy of the band makes up for it.
2373;7;I played this album for him on a long car trip and sure enough the next day he went and bought it for himself along with Live at Donnington, and A Real Live Dead One.
2373;8;Raw power, emotion and chops.
2373;9;-  Fun and games with Iron Maiden searching for funny writings on the tombstones.
2373;10;It covers a couple of songs from the first two pre-Bruce Dickinson albums and steam rolls through Number Of The Beast, Piece Of Mind and Powerslave.
2370;1;"Hair of the Dog" by Nazareth is really a good purchase.
2370;2;Whether You want to ease the pain of a love gone south, or promote conversation at your parties, "Hair of the dog" is sure to make you a hit.
2370;3;"Hair of the Dog" by Nazareth is really a good purchase.
2370;4;I don't know why it is priced so cheap, but it is worth much more.
2370;5;I don't know why it is priced so cheap, but it is worth much more.
2370;6;All that said, this album is well worth the extra effort, and gets plenty of regular rotation in our house.
2370;7;Good, driving, guitar rock with two big hits on it.
2370;8;Everything meshes together for a brilliant classic piece - the vocals, the lyrics, the guitars and drums.
2370;9;Note for note highly inspired, fun and rocking record that stands up and even proves itself to be a little different.
2370;10;Bought as a gift - loved it!
2371;1;This album is fun and fantastic.
2371;2;Poetic and Janet sings with much confidence and proves that she can sing a ballad, this is one of her shining moments...Filler on here is not bad such as the gritty and raw "You Can Be Mine" which has a great jam session on it from the band.
2371;3;A good tune...not great as the others...8.
2371;4;This is my favorite track on the album and one of my favorite janet songs of all time....This was also janets very first number one song......Pop #1/R&B #3.....Gold Single.
2371;5;definitely worth a listen and so much more could be written about it but just read other reviews and listen to samples they are okay!
2371;6;This is my favorite track on the album and one of my favorite janet songs of all time....This was also janets very first number one song......Pop #1/R&B #3.....Gold Single.
2371;7;with it's punchy chords and driving keyboards.
2371;8;Filled with infectious beats, outspoken lyrics, wonderful arrangements, and Janet's sassy vocals,  "Control" is an album that made the masses take notice at is scored Janet 5 top 10 singles, her first #1 hit, and selling over 14 million albums worldwide (5 million in the U.S.).
2371;9;This completely listenable album, featuring the bouncy dance hits "Nasty" and "When I Think Of You" and the dreamy slow jams "Funny How Time Flies When You're Having Fun" and "Let's Wait Awhile" (the latter having been covered by several contemporary jazz instrumentalists), is a cherished treasure all the way.
2371;10;Janet's short complaint to a girlfriend about her apathetic boyfriend opens the classic What Have You Done For Me Lately.
2368;1;It reminds me of "Leather Rebel," which is definitely a good thing.
2368;2;This is the first Judas Priest album with Rob Halford since Painkiller, and after two very bad cds with Tim Owens, They are right back to doing what they do best, and that is making great metal.
2368;3;It reminds me of "Leather Rebel," which is definitely a good thing.
2368;4;Their entire musical career, including the solo years, is presented here.
2368;5;I'm amused when I read reviews from people who claim to be 'old-school' JP fans, and then they say 'from the 80s'.
2368;6;I can still remember my excitement the day that I purchased this CD and brought it home to listen to.
2368;7;So much for the problem of playing this disc in a car...MUSIC: Totally Awesome.
2368;8;All the songs are good, their lyrics are a lot better.
2368;9;I have been playing the disc non-stop on a tape version back to back with DEEPEST PURPLE ( an old compilation), and the songs on ANGEL OF RETRIBUTION just get better, and I can pick out a lot of tricks that the guys use... very fun to listen to.
2368;10;I love Judas Priest and this cd is worth it.
2369;1;Her every track has heavy emotion that slams the listeners in a good way.
2369;2;The pain of doing that must be so intense, and this song signifies it completely.
2369;3;We love to listen while relaxing or while traveling or when going to sleep!
2369;4;The chorus is amazing and I love the way Sarah draws out the title of the song..."Adia" is another great song but it does take a while to grow on you.
2369;5;"Do What You Have To Do" is an amazing, very simple song where Sarah's vocals are the main focus.
2369;6;The chorus is amazing and I love the way Sarah draws out the title of the song..."Adia" is another great song but it does take a while to grow on you.
2369;7;We love to listen while relaxing or while traveling or when going to sleep!
2369;8;The chorus is very beautiful and the lyrics which stand out the most are, "We are born innocent."
2369;9;"Black and White" is another interesting song but not the best even though it's fun to sing with.
2369;10;The chorus is amazing and I love the way Sarah draws out the title of the song..."Adia" is another great song but it does take a while to grow on you.
2382;1;"Madonna" is just an incredibly creative and fun album as every song here is fantastic.
2382;2;I think it's the 2nd best she did in the 80's behind true blue.
2382;3;She was able to come up with good songs although she had to change her sound to more technoey to do it.
2382;4;it's a great workout song.
2382;5;This debut still has a special place in my heart for its fun danceable tracks and Madonna's ability to totally own her singing style...At the time that the first track HOLIDAY debuted, a lot of people assumed that Madonna was a Black woman because back then there was no internet nor were we flooded with gossip mags so all you had to go on was the music.
2382;6;The 2006 remastered edition sounds really good on my home stereo with equalizer.
2382;7;This debut still has a special place in my heart for its fun danceable tracks and Madonna's ability to totally own her singing style...At the time that the first track HOLIDAY debuted, a lot of people assumed that Madonna was a Black woman because back then there was no internet nor were we flooded with gossip mags so all you had to go on was the music.
2382;8;Alot of the songs on here are all classic, and everybody almost knows them lyric by lyric.
2382;9;This is such a fun dance album with lots of rhythms and enough to keep you entertained for eight songs.
2382;10;She burst onto the music scene with such a strong sense of style and had ATTITUDE for days and I loved her to bits!
2383;1;But when I play this fantastic piece of music, i'm a kid again, happy and healthy and just enjoying life.
2383;2;There are happy songs, sad songs, slow songs, fast songs, ballads, and rockers.
2383;3;The songs are well-written, the music as good as their old stuff, and the voice...just as great as ever.
2383;4;The catchy melodies are there and Jeff still sounds great for someone in his 60's.
2383;5;From the early Idle Race days to Roy Wood sessions with Electric Light Orchestra, the style of Jeff Lynne has had a somewhat fascinating journey through the years as the sound has gotten better, production went through layers of focus, and song writing that simply has made the name "ELO" one of the iconic names of pop rock.
2383;6;The catchy melodies are there and Jeff still sounds great for someone in his 60's.
2383;7;Even the Travelling Wilburys were essentially a Jeff Lynne production, with some guest guitar and vocals.
2383;8;I also get a real sense of melancholy emanating from this material and I wonder what life events triggered some of the lyrics.
2383;9;"Alone In The Universe" breaks little new ground musically, but this return of Jeff Lynne and ELO is a fun and satisfying romp.
2383;10;I especially love the first and last songs.
2380;1;We really enjoyed this film.
2380;2;Kind of sad but I love Billy Connelly's accent.
2380;3;I have always been a sap for a good love story and this one is quite moving and funny with wit and charm at the same time, and shows that love between two people can come at any age.
2380;4;I would recommend it to everyone.
2380;5;As is often the case, we ordered this movie before we read any of the reviews based mostly on a recommendation and our great experience with movies starring Maggie Smith.
2380;6;A " delicious" sweet movie about how the elderly people live in a special home for retired musicians.
2380;7;I would recommend it to everyone.
2380;8;The cinematography is indeed stunning, and the acting - frequently without words - conveys real conflicts and emotions.
2380;9;The older generation continuing to share their expertise in music with the youth and other members of the public who visit for the annual birthday party is a celebration of life and music.
2380;10;I love  music, and music fills the air as they move from room to room or outside.
2381;1;Wash Away Those Years--Really good, again fantastic ending, they never fail to keep you in the music.
2381;2;Not to say this is a bad CD, as you see from my rating, I really loved it.
2381;3;The song says "There's a peace inside us all" - creating an uplifting end to an album that does have some darker overtones...The liner notes include all of the lyrics which is good considering that Creed writes some great lyrics.
2381;4;Pearl Jam is a great band, but they are a completely different style.
2381;5;Instead of focusing on their inner darkness, they choose to open up to their audience and present them inspirational anthems, both soft and hard.
2381;6;The crisp, clean production from John Kurzweg makes the sound big.
2381;7;It is at once a sonic blast of energy and a poetic, emotional trip examining life... I think not.
2381;8;Never die is packed with emotion and fantastic lyrics, WAWO is amazing even if overplayed and higher can rock any party.
2381;9;Never die is packed with emotion and fantastic lyrics, WAWO is amazing even if overplayed and higher can rock any party.
2381;10;Scott Stapp's lyrics are very powerful and poetic, sometimes full of love, sometimes full of hate, all sung with an incredible voice.
2378;1;Definitely worth listening to and I do listen over and over and over ... it's just SO good!
2378;2;"Highway Patrolman" is poignant poetry about the thin blue line.
2378;3;Definitely worth listening to and I do listen over and over and over ... it's just SO good!
2378;4;Definitely worth listening to and I do listen over and over and over ... it's just SO good!
2378;5;"Highway  Patrolman" is a pensive study of the bonds of brotherhood and family
2378;6;I  personally feel this is Bruce's best work-Tunnel of Love somewhat combines  this and Born to Run with excellent results as well, but if you turn the  light down and the volume up and you have questions about love, life,  society or anything else in your mind, you'll feel perfectly home in  nebraska, no matter where you're from.
2378;7;I will say that you need to be in the right mood (and frame of mind, for that matter) to listen to it in its entirety
2378;8;The stories are really what the focus of this album is, and the emotions that come from these stories are where the impact of this album lies, the guitar and harmonica providing just the right texture for these songs, giving them a dusty, black and white feel...This album is my favorite Springsteen album because it is that rare album that hits you harder with just a guitar, harmonica, and lyrics, than any fully produced, full band album ever could.
2378;9;This is definitely not a party album or one you would listen to if you were needing to be cheered up, but the storytelling's some of the most solid around...Rebecca Kyle, June 2008
2378;10;You can tell Bruce must have locked himself up  for a couple of weeks and hit a creative peak musically and lyrically, as  this album stands as his most intelligent piece to date and an honest  depiction of everyday life in the working-class realm.
2379;1;The 2 songs that Janis is just a backup singer(Combination of the Two,Oh Sweet Mary) is so powerfull,all you hear is her fantastic vocals.
2379;2;I'd like to convince myself that this particular version is the reason the sound quality is below average but, well let's be honest- a live album released in the late 60's is just destined to sound bad...I haven't heard one live album from that time period that had remarkable, or... er, scratch that- decent enough sound quality for that matter.
2379;3;Dying young may be a good career move for a rock star, but it precludes any possibility of cashing in on that one last comeback tour.
2379;4;I cannot decide if I like Cheap Thrills or&nbsp
2379;5;Having read about Janis before I ever heard her, I imagined her having some dark, rich soulful voice.
2379;6;My kids (now 14 and 20) have had a lot of fun introducing their friends to the music they they grew up with in their home.
2379;7;The album features jamming, driving blues-rock-psychedelia, with the hit "Piece Of My Heart" as the centerpiece.
2379;8;That wasn't growling I'd heard before at all--it was emotion in its most raw form.
2379;9;My kids (now 14 and 20) have had a lot of fun introducing their friends to the music they they grew up with in their home.
2379;10;"I need a Man to love," is another favorite,and "Summer time," shows off the quiet highs of this legend.
2376;1;The smash singles "You Give Good Love" and "Saving All My Love For You" propelled the album off the shelves.
2376;2;There's not a bad cut on here and Ms. Whitney shows what a dynamic and diverse singer she is.
2376;3;The smash singles "You Give Good Love" and "Saving All My Love For You" propelled the album off the shelves.
2376;4;The smash singles "You Give Good Love" and "Saving All My Love For You" propelled the album off the shelves.
2376;5;The smash singles "You Give Good Love" and "Saving All My Love For You" propelled the album off the shelves.
2376;6;The album was a clean shot for "Whitty's rise to the top and shes just getting started.
2376;7;The keyboard driven "Thinking about you" is pleasant, I'm not sure who supplies the extra vocals, the liner notes don't give credit.
2376;8;All at Once has a somewhat sad lyric to it, Saving All My Love For You has a romantic lyric to it
2376;9;"How Will I Know" has a rock-soul edge to it that makes you wanna get up and dance.
2376;10;All at Once has a somewhat sad lyric to it, Saving All My Love For You has a romantic lyric to it
2377;1;In fact, it is probably his best yet (though some might disagree since his stuff if so good).
2377;2;Warning though: you will get hooked.
2377;3;In fact, it is probably his best yet (though some might disagree since his stuff if so good).
2377;4;Warning though: you will get hooked.
2377;5;Wonderful cruising music and listening music when I'm reading.
2377;6;Listened to it on the way home!
2377;7;Good to listen to on a road trip.
2377;8;That track has so much soul and emotion behind the lyrics.
2377;9;Boney James continues to delight the smooth jazz listening audience with great music time and time again, and Futuresoul is no exception... Boney continues to dance on the fine line of Jazz and R&B like a skilled ballerina.
2377;10;He is great and we love everything he does...his sound is unique and you can listen to him for hours!
2391;1;Great music :) it's definitely good for the twiligh lovers!
2391;2;Sad to see it all end, hopefully a "spin off" will appear!
2391;3;Great music :) it's definitely good for the twiligh lovers!
2391;4;I love the music on this CD as well and listen to it often in my car.
2391;5;I love the music on this CD as well and listen to it often in my car.
2391;6;In many ways this film encompasses Bella's entire adult life - leaving home, marriage, pregnancy, birth, death - and so the music covers a lot of ground as well.
2391;7;I love the music on this CD as well and listen to it often in my car.
2391;8;Sad to see it all end, hopefully a "spin off" will appear!
2391;9;this is an awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
2391;10;I love the music on this CD as well and listen to it often in my car.
2390;1;I enjoy all the songs on the CD.
2390;2;He's a masterful rock & roller and writer, and has had nice success over the years, but he always seems to get looked over in favor of other blue collar type rockers like Springsteen.
2390;3;This CD of 14 tunes covers some of Bob Seger's standard FM radio songs and is a very good place to start...If you want a few older rockers like "Fire Down Below", "Sunspot Baby" and "Katmandu", then proceed to "Bob Seger Greatest Hits, Vol.
2390;4;Shakedown from 1987 kind of ventures more into techno-dance than his usual rock, but it fits well for him.
2390;5;Shakedown from 1987 kind of ventures more into techno-dance than his usual rock, but it fits well for him.
2390;6;This CD has all of the most popular and greatest that I now loaded into my Windows Media Player collection for listening to throughout my house and the CD for listening to in my car.
2390;7;Great opportunity to listen to a driving force for over a decade.
2390;8;As a woman, I've always found Seger's lyrics amusing.
2390;9;The piano arrangement is particularly strong and "Still the Same" will always be one of Bob's best numbers..."Old Time Rock & Roll" makes me want to get up and dance practically wherever I am!
2390;10;My husband, who thought he'd never heard of Bog Seger, love the CD.
2389;1;Have fun and enjoy the way Marilyn intended!
2389;2;Other notable songs include the somewhat  overplayed "The Dope Show," the eerie ballad "The Speed Of  Pain," the humorous "I Don't Like The Drugs, But The Drugs Like  Me," the sweetly ominous "The Last Day On Earth," and the  impressive closer "Coma White."
2389;3;'I Want To Disappear', wow, Has a good bass part, and its fast, and again, Marilyn's lyrics...their...bad, in a good way course.
2389;4;Like his earlier works, this album is a sophisticated saga under the guise of a hard-hitting rock album.
2389;5;Like his earlier works, this album is a sophisticated saga under the guise of a hard-hitting rock album.
2389;6;Like his earlier works, this album is a sophisticated saga under the guise of a hard-hitting rock album.
2389;7;The songs here on this album range from heavy, stomping, hard rockers, to spacey, melodic, acoustic driven ballads, to even some funk influenced rock songs as well, yet still maintaining the band's very unique sound.
2389;8;Its full of emotion, lyrics, melodies.
2389;9;"I made fun of myself with that album, it wasn't to be taken too seriously."
2389;10;I love Marilyn Manson, I discovered the band back in 1995.
2388;1;The arrangements are fun, lively, dynamic - classic while modern to the ears...These are exciting discs - and a welcome addition to the Beatles discography...Go out and buy 'em today - help Paul defray the costs of his divorce to that money-grubbing Polythene Pam.........
2388;2;Lennon is so much better than Izzard..."Because"--This rendition is not bad
2388;3;Lennon is so much better than Izzard..."Because"--This rendition is not bad
2388;4;Julie Taymor's "Across The Universe" is one of those artistic, daring musicals that fell under the radar upon release but has still managed to catch many hearts and fans, becoming almost an instant cult classic.
2388;5;Julie Taymor's "Across The Universe" is one of those artistic, daring musicals that fell under the radar upon release but has still managed to catch many hearts and fans, becoming almost an instant cult classic.
2388;6;She makes it sound fresh, "Since you left me, I'm so alone
2388;7;Julie Taymor's "Across The Universe" is one of those artistic, daring musicals that fell under the radar upon release but has still managed to catch many hearts and fans, becoming almost an instant cult classic.
2388;8;Lennon is so much better than Izzard..."Because"--This rendition is not bad
2388;9;The arrangements are fun, lively, dynamic - classic while modern to the ears...These are exciting discs - and a welcome addition to the Beatles discography...Go out and buy 'em today - help Paul defray the costs of his divorce to that money-grubbing Polythene Pam.........
2388;10;The fact that my daughter, who considers The Beatles "so last century," loves this album, and the fact that her die-hard Beatles' fan father loves it too, should speak volumes.
2387;1;It is a good album, did not take too long to arrive safe and sound, I am very very happy with it.
2387;2;There really isn't a bad song in the bunch and every member of the group has their moments to shine on this record...It was George that got the whole thing going.
2387;3;I love this album...George Harrison and "great company" are in top form...Fun and relaxed...But music is great and it is balsam for my ears...Good arrangements, no sentiment, but true music...I think that this is the best album of any ex-beatle produced in the 80's.
2387;4;For example "Handle With Care" and "Heading For The Light" are George's songs while "Last Night" is a Tom Petty contribution.
2387;5;For example "Handle With Care" and "Heading For The Light" are George's songs while "Last Night" is a Tom Petty contribution.
2387;6;don't leave home with out it great on the road CD great music and soft on the ears as well.
2387;7;Masterfully produced, beautifully recorded with excellently crafted songs you can't help but smile and feel life is OK as you listen to The Traveling Wilburys.
2387;8;Dylan provides two of his best songs on this album that is some of his best work as a song writer during the '80s, "Dirty World" with its double entendre lyrics that could mean one thing but you KNOW it is meaning the other and "Tweeter and The Monkey Man".
2387;9;Most pop/rock fans of course already know about this group but for those who may not be as familiar with them the group is made up of George Harrison, Tom Petty, Bob Dylan, Jeff Lynne and Roy Orbison...This is just a fun album to listen to anytime.
2387;10;Pour a drink, sit back and relax... You'll love it
2386;1;I really enjoyed this album and Miles Kennedy is a very good singer.
2386;2;There aren't any bad tracks, and you'll hear some of the very best RnR in the world, from any era.
2386;3;Honestly there's been a dry spell of good music that been stretching on and on since the dawn of  whatever the h*ll makes up the alternative genre back in the early 90's, The older bands are just retiring one by one and truly it's rare to hear something new that's so good.
2386;4;Hopefully, you will feel the same way.
2386;5;Hopefully, you will feel the same way.
2386;6;Alter Bridge may very well end up being Creed again if they can't get Miles to come home.
2386;7;Not IMO, but it's just as good...I myself maybe like AL a bit more,but this one will definitely get plenty of rotation in my car!
2386;8;There aren't any bad tracks, and you'll hear some of the very best RnR in the world, from any era.
2386;9;Yet again Slash and Miles Kennedy team up to create a fun album that is full of dynamic sound and not a single dull moment in any selection.
2386;10;This is how rock music is supposed to sound... All excellent musicians and you hear in the music they love what they are doing.
2385;1;Buy this album and support good music!
2385;2;It shines lyrically and production wise with its experimental nature that will undoubtedly separate itself from the rest of the pack.
2385;3;Buy this album and support good music!
2385;4;It shines lyrically and production wise with its experimental nature that will undoubtedly separate itself from the rest of the pack.
2385;5;It's great that such a big artist is so focused on providing a positive message for the countless youth that listen to his music.
2385;6;I know the price of life/ I know how much it's worth/ I know what I know and I know it well not to ever forget/ Until I realized I didn't know s***/ The day I came home"
2385;7;It shines lyrically and production wise with its experimental nature that will undoubtedly separate itself from the rest of the pack.
2385;8;I love the jazz and ambient soundscapes that surround me as I'm listening and the lyrics are very poetic, almost philosophical at times.
2385;9;It shines lyrically and production wise with its experimental nature that will undoubtedly separate itself from the rest of the pack.
2385;10;I love the jazz and ambient soundscapes that surround me as I'm listening and the lyrics are very poetic, almost philosophical at times.
2384;1;This is actually an instrumental, but still good enough to listen.
2384;2;All those really average neo-Prog bands getting 5*...just sad...But you know, I'm a huge guitar music fan.
2384;3;This is actually an instrumental, but still good enough to listen.
2384;4;This album kicks off with the great instrumental "Mihalis" which is a great guitar workout for David.
2384;5;Strong songs focus both Gilmour's singing and instrumental prowess, and this disc collects most of his strongest solo material.
2384;6;This is actually an instrumental, but still good enough to listen.
2384;7;I keep it in my truck because it has great songs to drive to.
2384;8;Pink Floyd was on a definite high at that point...Truth is David's own lyrics are distinctively different from the ingenious heavy gloom of Roger Waters', something which allows the songs to carry a much lighter feel.
2384;9;There is a strong sense of Gilmour's blues and jazz influences here, as each song just resonates with that vibe of playing for fun and playing with heart.
2384;10;I loved it when it first came out on vinal.
2399;1;I transitioned from albums to cassette tapes, and I'm happy now to finally have them as cd's to enjoy again everywhere.
2399;2;"Minstrel's Song," like Lodge's other entry, "Tortoise and the Hair," is lighter, an enjoyable interlude that introduces the very beautiful "Dawning is the Day."
2399;3;Thomas's singing is straightforward and calm, as he expresses a certain resignation in the face of uncontrollable forces.
2399;4;"Minstrel's Song," like Lodge's other entry, "Tortoise and the Hair," is lighter, an enjoyable interlude that introduces the very beautiful "Dawning is the Day."
2399;5;When you think the story is going to have the saddest ending possible, the protagonist switches batters in the bottom of the 9th, and Pinder reads Edge's message of love and forgiveness to provide us all with at the least, a hope of a happy ending.
2399;6;"Minstrel's Song," like Lodge's other entry, "Tortoise and the Hair," is lighter, an enjoyable interlude that introduces the very beautiful "Dawning is the Day."
2399;7;Nice trip through memory lane.
2399;8;The lyrics are contemplative of existential matters, and feature a great fuzzy guitar solo and an atmospheric accompaniment on mellotrons evocative of the grandness of the universe.
2399;9;Revisiting Question of Balance is fun forty years later.
2399;10;Justin Hayward sings the lushly romantic B section with extraordinary feeling, in which love is presented as the problematic alternative.
2398;1;I brought this CD for my mother and she really enjoy this CD she love Marvin Gaye music I was glad to make her happy
2398;2;Great music, sad he is gone.
2398;3;Good value for the price!
2398;4;Marvin Gaye's music is another nostalgic favorite that my brother and I both love.
2398;5;There is a certain quality of personal pain that he conveys in this song lamenting the untimely death of young black men through the violence in society...I have been reading about Marvin, and his untimely death by his father's hand, only hints at the undercurrents of tragedy, insecurity and self destructiveness that ran through his life...This album has quite an emotional range, including  Grapevine,  Let's Gets it on,  and How sweet it is.
2398;6;Marvin Gaye's music is another nostalgic favorite that my brother and I both love.
2398;7;Marvin Gaye's music is another nostalgic favorite that my brother and I both love.
2398;8;Marvin's emotions are both, down to earth, and also completely universal...Every song, here, evokes a quality in romantic life or the way of our turbulent world.
2398;9;Took me down memory lane, when I listen to it, it makes me feel young again and doing the line dance!
2398;10;Marvin Gaye's music is another nostalgic favorite that my brother and I both love.
2397;1;great vocals, very easy listening, upbeat songs, I  love to listen to it when I am falling asleep, good rhythm,
2397;2;I've yet to here a bad song in the last four albums and Golden continues that streak, another solid CD
2397;3;great vocals, very easy listening, upbeat songs, I  love to listen to it when I am falling asleep, good rhythm,
2397;4;I had heard about them and this is the first time that I bought a record from them.
2397;5;I had heard about them and this is the first time that I bought a record from them.
2397;6;I had heard about them and this is the first time that I bought a record from them.
2397;7;I had heard about them and this is the first time that I bought a record from them.
2397;8;I have every cd they've done - each one is better than the last...Great songs, wonderful harmony, and I can understand the lyrics!
2397;9;I had heard about them and this is the first time that I bought a record from them.
2397;10;great vocals, very easy listening, upbeat songs, I  love to listen to it when I am falling asleep, good rhythm,
2396;1;That is how good this CD is.
2396;2;All those really average neo-Prog bands getting 5*...just sad...But you know, I'm a huge guitar music fan.
2396;3;That is how good this CD is.
2396;4;This album kicks off with the great instrumental "Mihalis" which is a great guitar workout for David.
2396;5;Strong songs focus both Gilmour's singing and instrumental prowess, and this disc collects most of his strongest solo material.
2396;6;This has to be by far the best of David Gilmour's solo work.
2396;7;I keep it in my truck because it has great songs to drive to.
2396;8;Pink Floyd was on a definite high at that point...Truth is David's own lyrics are distinctively different from the ingenious heavy gloom of Roger Waters', something which allows the songs to carry a much lighter feel.
2396;9;I purchased the Japanese edition for the fun o of collecting it.
2396;10;Definitely worth getting if you love David Gilmour's voice and guitar-playing.
2395;1;There are a lot of catchy song in it, especially "Here with me", "If only she knew", "You set me free" and "Sweet misery"
2395;2;It's really sweet (in a sort of sad way), but after hearing the 'live' version on 'Buffy the Vampire Slayer' I have decided it sounds a lot better live.
2395;3;Containing three hits (all good - "Everywhere", "All You Wanted," and "Goodbye To You") as well as several other standout songs such as "Something To Sleep To" and "Here With Me", this album is great for anyone who likes smart and well-played teen pop.
2395;4;Michelle is good because she has talent, not because she's better than most other females her age.
2395;5;Michelle is good because she has talent, not because she's better than most other females her age.
2395;6;My sister got the CD from a friend and my best friend also has the CD and I'd go over to her house and listen to it non-stop.
2395;7;Each track is acoustic guitar driven with hints of electric guitars and drum machine beats.
2395;8;Her debut album, "The Spirit Room" is filled with 11 tracks of amazing vocals, heartfelt emotions and songs you'll find yourself humming along with.
2395;9;Very fast and upbeat- fun to dance to...I'd Rather Be In Love- 10/10 A totally happy song.
2395;10;the best songs on the spirit room are: everywhere (track 1), you get me (2), all you wanted (3), you set me free (4), something to sleep to (5), here with me (6), sweet misery (7), if only she knew (8), and i'd rather be in love (9).
2394;1;The songs seem to be more cohesive to the overall tone of the record than even "Wrecking Ball," which I did enjoy and was happy enough to go see him doing live in... New Orleans.
2394;2;Springsteen has updated his sound but still stayed true to his original thesis of working class rock with a social consciousness, heart and soul.
2394;3;Like every good artist, he revisits the past and ploughs ahead into the future.
2394;4;Springsteen has updated his sound but still stayed true to his original thesis of working class rock with a social consciousness, heart and soul.
2394;5;Both of these tracks continue to show Springsteen's focus on empathy for the downtrodden and the hope that there's a place for these folks in the American dream.
2394;6;A great CD to enjoy in your car or at home, I Loved Every song which for anyone these days is rare.
2394;7;A great CD to enjoy in your car or at home, I Loved Every song which for anyone these days is rare.
2394;8;But what it is, is a great collection of Springsteen songs, some ballad, some rockers, great lyrics and guitars, and a lot of Tom Morello is the icing on the cake.
2394;9;I've been a Bruce Spingsteen fan my entire life and I will qualify this review by saying I even "liked" (note, not LOVED) his most panned albums (Tunnel of Love, etc.)  Anyway, the High Hopes LP is a lot of fun and a real departure given the covers and re-works of older Springsteen songs...Tom Morello is an excellent 'add' to the band.
2394;10;I've been a Bruce Spingsteen fan my entire life and I will qualify this review by saying I even "liked" (note, not LOVED) his most panned albums (Tunnel of Love, etc.)  Anyway, the High Hopes LP is a lot of fun and a real departure given the covers and re-works of older Springsteen songs...Tom Morello is an excellent 'add' to the band.
2393;1;But I'm not gonna do too much complaining, and I'll tell you why: She does really good stuff with that formula she's got.
2393;2;Joni's voice is also incredible especially when she sings, "I feel like that black crow flying in a blue sky!"
2393;3;I love the lyrics because Joni can gently lull the listener into a state of peace and tranquility, "And I slept on the strange pillows of my wanderlust.
2393;4;, is pure smokey jazz.
2393;5;It's Joni Mitchell, you know, and the four character studies ("Coyote"
2393;6;It seems to be a concept album about travel and loneliness ("Hijra" being an Arabic term for "spiritual journey"), which makes sense because it was allegedly written while Joni was traveling cross-country, and she cooks up a lot of really imaginative imagery (the energetic, funky, metaphoric "Black Crow"), using the journey as a metaphor for life, I think.
2393;7;It seems to be a concept album about travel and loneliness ("Hijra" being an Arabic term for "spiritual journey"), which makes sense because it was allegedly written while Joni was traveling cross-country, and she cooks up a lot of really imaginative imagery (the energetic, funky, metaphoric "Black Crow"), using the journey as a metaphor for life, I think.
2393;8;From 1971's&nbsp
2393;9;The road became a metaphor for the lyrics..."Coyote" is just a fun escape.
2393;10;on a cool, quiet, sunday afternoon coupled with a good book of poetry (verses: a book of love poetry) is pure heaven!!!
2392;1;The  others are good too - but those songs are exceptional.
2392;2;Tender songs like "Unravel," about the pain of separation from a loved one, and the ethereal "All is Full of Love," give way to more ambitious efforts such as "Jga," a tale of how someone's presence in your life can put everything into place, and "Bachelorette," whose lush, soaring sound is as epic as the works of Homer.
2392;3;The  others are good too - but those songs are exceptional.
2392;4;Definitely check out her video collection, her visual styles  are as unique and beautiful as her music.
2392;5;She is just too brilliant and focused to be otherwise ignored.
2392;6;Definitely check out her video collection, her visual styles  are as unique and beautiful as her music.
2392;7;The drama of "Bachlorette" finds a lush, rich string section following a tripping electronic beat, giving way to the Icelandic wonder's trademark wail.
2392;8;The desperate search qulaity of Hunter,the emotion in All is Full  of Love,the jungle melody in Alarm Call,the techno beat in Pluto,the  rythmatic tempo in Bachelorette,and of course the beatiful longing lyrics  of Joga.
2392;9;Since "Debut", her music has definitely stood in a class completely separate from her work with the Sugarcubes (which I liken to fun and zany party music not unlike the B-52's).
2392;10;Homogenic closes with the soft, peaceful 'All Is  Full Of Love', a song so beautiful it brought tears to my eyes.
2404;1;Oh Holy Night in spite of it only being a EP is one of the best Holiday Albums ever because of the Angelic Sound and Emotion Jackie Evancho sings with I'm a Fan and plan to get everything Jackie Performs because she is so good and you feel great when she sings
2404;2;It is beyond amazing to realize that such a young girl can produce such angelic music.
2404;3;Listening to Jackie brings a feeling of peace, of the spirituality of Christmas.
2404;4;It is beyond amazing to realize that such a young girl can produce such angelic music.
2404;5;It is beyond amazing to realize that such a young girl can produce such angelic music.
2404;6;Both are great for background music as well when entertaining guests at your house during the christmas holidays.
2404;7;It is beyond amazing to realize that such a young girl can produce such angelic music.
2404;8;Jackie is exciting to watch sing too
2404;9;It is beyond amazing to realize that such a young girl can produce such angelic music.
2404;10;I absolutely love listening to her and am looking forward to more in the future.
2405;1;It is such a fun and happy song, although just scraped the UK top 40, as the albums fourth single.
2405;2;Second song is Hounds of love which is sweet, sad, joyful, haunting, calming and exciting all at the same time??!!
2405;3;If all that wasn't enough, the first five tracks on the  album are equally astounding, and somewhat cunningly lull the listener into  a sense of calm, but with a hint of uneasiness.
2405;4;Macbeth, church bells, whistles, helicopters,  fiddles, pipes, narrations, choirs, demons, violins, synthesisers,  seagulls, cellos, handclaps, astronauts, Irish jigs, mediaeval riddums,  crashing waves, Indian wailing, voice distortions, submarines, poetry,  radio static, roaring rowboat men and didjeridoos - all human life  contained herein.
2405;5;I was 20, and in the throes of my first love affair, and I knew how she felt to be hounded by love..."The Big Sky" changes the mood to be a little more light-hearted, almost childish, as the narrator rolls in the grass and focuses her attention on the shapes that she can see in the clouds.
2405;6;After the high studio cost accumulated while recording "The Dreaming"(which she also self-produced), Kate built her own private 24-track studio near her home in order to rid herself of those cost-related time constraints...The first side of the album is titled `Hounds of Love', and it is a collection of great songs dealing with different types of love.
2405;7;"Cloudbursting" is another fantastic song with a beat that will drive a wedge in your brain!
2405;8;The lyrics are touchy and original as always, and the sound that is  put around, make it to a gorgeous album.
2405;9;'The Big Sky Meteorogical Mix' is fun with  Youth's funky bass playing brought right up in the mix 'Running up that  Hill 12" Version' is basically a pretty typical eighties style  12" remix complete with generous use of delay.
2405;10;'Hounds of Love' was a monumental undertaking.
2406;1;Sting writes some pretty good lyrics.
2406;2;"King Of Pain", "Wrapped Around Your Finger", and the dreamy "Tea In The Sahara" are brilliant
2406;3;Sting writes some pretty good lyrics.
2406;4;One of my favorite cds from The Police.
2406;5;Gossamer keyboards, pneumatic drumming forming the backbone, guitar riffs introduce the title track, which weaves scientific and psychological principles with something Carl Jung studied, i.e. synchronicity.
2406;6;The music is, once again, incredibly clean and well done.
2406;7;Probably Sting's pinnacle as a songwriter, this tale of obsessive love to a classic pop melody became a rightfully deserved popular smash and drove the album to number one.
2406;8;Sting writes some pretty good lyrics.
2406;9;One of my favorite cds from The Police.
2406;10;I had loved the Police since I first heard them.
2407;1;Since part of the fun of rock stars is to have them be larger than life, a manifestation of the audience's dreams, fans naturally gravitate toward the Diamond Dave years, but there are merits to both approaches and both resulted in good to great music.
2407;2;I love the fact that they included "Finish What Ya Started," "Feels Soo Good," "Black and Blue," "I'll Wait," "Runaround," "Hot For Teacher," "Everybody Wants Some!!"
2407;3;There were some good tracks on there that most fans don't want to recognize.
2407;4;These are some of my favorite songs, and I'm glad that they showcased them on this album, because they are great songs.
2407;5;These are some of my favorite songs, and I'm glad that they showcased them on this album, because they are great songs.
2407;6;i bought this cd the day it came out...i was so thrilled to get home and listen to it.
2407;7;Mr. Roth was a driving force behind the band's rise to superstar status and most people consider the time he was in the group to be their definitive version.
2407;8;All the hits are here, and the 3 new tracks aren't bad either (in fact, I love "It's About Time" and "Up For Breakfast").
2407;9;"It's About Time" is the heavy rocker, "Up For Breakfast" is the innuendo filled fun party song, and "Learning to See" is the more serious of the three.
2407;10;I love the fact that they included "Finish What Ya Started," "Feels Soo Good," "Black and Blue," "I'll Wait," "Runaround," "Hot For Teacher," "Everybody Wants Some!!"
2400;1;"disappear" is a slow so and it is very good.
2400;2;well... one thing that REALLY suprised me was all of the negative reviews at 2-3 stars... that is a real shocker for me.
2400;3;"disappear" is a slow so and it is very good.
2400;4;This is his best drumming yet.
2400;5;Chances are, if you're reading this review, then you're aware of the quality music that Dream Theater consistently puts out.
2400;6;Losing Time/Grand Finale- This is the end, where James brings it home.
2400;7;This is his best drumming yet.
2400;8;Labrie's lyrics and performance are masterful
2400;9;The tempo changes are quite fun too.
2400;10;If you're like me and love both of these styles, you'll love the whole album.
2401;1;I have enjoyed Kelly's work for a few years now and although this hasn't been a best seller, to me it is every bit as good as other albums.
2401;2;Although I find it a little sad that her music started sky rocketing after her most recent performance on Idol because she's always been a idol and a great artist in my eyes.
2401;3;Yes, they are all good, but even amongst the strength, there are some weaker moments.
2401;4;In an industry where Adele and Pink have moved beyond simply selling singles to the teenage listeners, to recording a cohesive body of work, and gaining an adult audience, Kelly deserves the same respect, and the same sales!
2401;5;In an industry where Adele and Pink have moved beyond simply selling singles to the teenage listeners, to recording a cohesive body of work, and gaining an adult audience, Kelly deserves the same respect, and the same sales!
2401;6;I got my copy and played it in my truck on the way home.
2401;7;I love this CD, I keep it in my car and play it over and over again, I buy all her CD's and I love playing her on long road trips, good tunes and good lyrics.
2401;8;I love the lyrics as well I have been in this relationship I need to do this it insppires me!
2401;9;She's back with some clean, fun and modern pop tracks which are sure to delight her older and younger fans.
2401;10;Its a very romantic song it almost makes me wish they would be in love!
2402;1;Can't believe we lost Tom this past year, I am enjoying listening to his music again - he was a gem!!
2402;2;Through an era known for disco, new wave, hard rock and punk, Petty's music sounded like a refreshing change and holds up, to this day alot better than any trend from 1979...There is not a bad track on this album from perhaps their most enduring signature tune, "Refugee" to the great closing ballad "Lousiana Rain".
2402;3;This remastered edition is really good and the price is incredible.
2402;4;Petty and the 'Breakers take full advantage of their Byrds and Dylan-esque influenced sounds on many of the tracks here, as found in "Even The Losers" and in some others on this CD.
2402;5;A leaner, less keyboard heavy version of the flawless "Refugee," seemingly without overdubs or backing vocals, brings the song's power, and Petty's desperate vocals into sharp focus.
2402;6;Basic clean rock and roll.
2402;7;But we get CD's for our road trips and he loves this one.
2402;8;In evidence of Petty's unique musical/lyrical landscapes, there's the rockabilly-like "What Are You Doin' In My Life", which features a bit of that Dylan angst, mainly in the lyrics dept..
2402;9;Petty and the 'Breakers take full advantage of their Byrds and Dylan-esque influenced sounds on many of the tracks here, as found in "Even The Losers" and in some others on this CD.
2402;10;Love this album....vinyl sounds great!
2403;1;These guys have truly pumped out some great music over the years and I'm wondering if feeling like I was more in the Beatles camp over the Stones had kept me from enjoying some pretty good tracks...As someone who does now own any other Stones material I have to say that this is a perfect primer for fans like me.
2403;2;But, I still love those old tunes the most, well up until the '80's.
2403;3;The sound quality is good and it is a great 50th anniversary release, my wife gave me this for Christmas.
2403;4;But, I still love those old tunes the most, well up until the '80's.
2403;5;But, I still love those old tunes the most, well up until the '80's.
2403;6;But, I still love those old tunes the most, well up until the '80's.
2403;7;nice to listen to while driving.
2403;8;But, I still love those old tunes the most, well up until the '80's.
2403;9;But, I still love those old tunes the most, well up until the '80's.
2403;10;But, I still love those old tunes the most, well up until the '80's.
2412;1;their songs are very good listening especially when you are in a happy mood.
2412;2;Make Me Bad - great chrous, pretty good rest of song.
2412;3;Make Me Bad - great chrous, pretty good rest of song.
2412;4;Many of the songs on Issues touch topics that were never discussed in earlier Korn albums, and I feel that Jonathan Davis let out all that he was holding back in this album.
2412;5;Many of the songs on Issues touch topics that were never discussed in earlier Korn albums, and I feel that Jonathan Davis let out all that he was holding back in this album.
2412;6;Many of the songs on Issues touch topics that were never discussed in earlier Korn albums, and I feel that Jonathan Davis let out all that he was holding back in this album.
2412;7;I got my first car that year.
2412;8;All of the lyrics are great and i still cant find one  bad song on the album.
2412;9;lets get this party started is another gem.
2412;10;this to me is their BEST ALBUM (but i love all their stuff) filled with jonathon's twisted lyrics on top of fieldy's funky bass and davids always stellar drumming.
2413;1;Sound is very good on this remaster.
2413;2;The blue and glowing eyes was a brilliant move visually, esp having returned from a bucket of tripe 'The Elder'.
2413;3;Sound is very good on this remaster.
2413;4;One of my favorite Kiss albums.
2413;5;One of my favorite Kiss albums.
2413;6;One of my favorite Kiss albums.
2413;7;This album rocks hard and it's  great to drive to.
2413;8;Great 'kissoff' lyrics as another of Gene's conquests gets the cold shoulder.
2413;9;One of KISS' best songs that is real fun to play LOUD!!!!!!!!
2413;10;Sung from the point of view of a guy who has upset his girlfriend and still loves her...when Paul Stanley sings this song,he sings it with a lot of care and concern,and his vocals sort of the bring this song to life.
2414;1;I, for one, would be happy to buy every solo album released in this format and it is a fantastic addition to my collection.
2414;2;Enjoy it without great hopes (because it's not as good as the Beatles albums or as deep and sincere as the John Lennon solo albums: I mean, if you want to see the bad side of it, you will probably find it), but with a good disposition to smile and find out what a great pop songwriter, singer and instrumentist Paul McCartney is.
2414;3;Enjoy it without great hopes (because it's not as good as the Beatles albums or as deep and sincere as the John Lennon solo albums: I mean, if you want to see the bad side of it, you will probably find it), but with a good disposition to smile and find out what a great pop songwriter, singer and instrumentist Paul McCartney is.
2414;4;Long Haired Lady is absolutely a beautiful song,my favorite on the disc.
2414;5;I'm just starting to write reviews on this page, but I'm going to focus in this particular album because I bought it only this year and it was the biggest surprise I've had since.
2414;6;The sheer amount of material in this collection is aimed to please - a new documentary, "Ramming" on the DVD, narrated by Paul, along with the music videos for "3 legs" and "Heart of the Country" , `Hey Diddle' and `Eat At Home on Tour' shows just how involved he was in creating this set and in the quality control in making sure this set is just how he, and we, want it to be.
2414;7;"Monkberry Moon Delight" for example, is driven by the bass line..."Back Seat Of My Car" is an overlooked gem.
2414;8;There's also a small booklet with photos of Paul shearing sheep from his farm as well as a replica of the hand written lyrics for some of the songs in an envelope...Although I have some minor quibbles with the design/packaging/bonus tracks this is, on the whole, an exceptionally well designed package.
2414;9;A fun album from Paul and Linda McCartney.
2414;10;I love this album though other than Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey it wasn't an album full of singles.
2415;1;This Rihanna CD is so good and I enjoy as I do all of her CD's.
2415;2;She is so talented great beats, rhythms etc. without it being so muddled up with all the bad language.
2415;3;I'll say Unapologetic is as close to being my favorite Ri Ri album since Good Girl Gone Bad -- mainly because it has a more of an R&B vibe than her last few albums...She and Chris Brown, are incredible paying homage to one Michael Jackson 'Nobody's Business' as it pertains to their on-and-off-again rocky relationship.
2415;4;when you need to pump up the music and go to the gym with very good music...time flies by you
2415;5;It's syrupy smooth pop with effective vocals and hooks that you can play anywhere, not just by yourself...I'm hoping that Rihanna doesn't have a formula, because she's better when she doesn't know what she will do next.
2415;6;This has been pretty much a clean sweep album, I'm impressed.
2415;7;But when I listened to it in my car, it was excellent.
2415;8;She is so talented great beats, rhythms etc. without it being so muddled up with all the bad language.
2415;9;She rocks it out as usual and every song makes you want to dance!!
2415;10;Rihanna has stepped out of her good girl shell and she is packing a huge punch and she loves it and is never going back.
2408;1;If you a Van Halen fan, you will enjoy this collection of their music...Good stuff!
2408;2;I love the fact that they included "Finish What Ya Started," "Feels Soo Good," "Black and Blue," "I'll Wait," "Runaround," "Hot For Teacher," "Everybody Wants Some!!"
2408;3;I do got to say they did have some pretty good new tracks, but so does this one so if you have to pick between the two, take this one.
2408;4;the 3 live trakcs are from the live: right here right now cd.
2408;5;the 3 live trakcs are from the live: right here right now cd.
2408;6;i bought this cd the day it came out...i was so thrilled to get home and listen to it.
2408;7;Mr. Roth was a driving force behind the band's rise to superstar status and most people consider the time he was in the group to be their definitive version.
2408;8;I enjoyed all three songs, and you can tell by listening to the lyrics that "It's About Time" is the Van Halen reunion song.
2408;9;"It's About Time" is the heavy rocker, "Up For Breakfast" is the innuendo filled fun party song, and "Learning to See" is the more serious of the three.
2408;10;If you love Van Halen,do yourself a huge favor and get this,I listen to it over and over.
2409;1;It is so good, but like I said you should be a fan of her to really enjoy it.
2409;2;Just achingly exquisite...My sister and my mother snapping beans 1975 dad's funeral the porcelain pumpkin that shattered the conflicted summer at the beach and he was sad and that is why he laughed alot back then and my husband is on the porch with the hummingbirds reading a book about something in the gloaming and life...it's sweet sweet sweet.
2409;3;This is a really good Cd of my Kate Bush music collection.
2409;4;This is one of my very favorite albums of all time.
2409;5;I certainly experienced Aerial , and encourage anyone who reads this review to do the same and give it a try...Recommended for those who like discovering works of art.
2409;6;On the other hand, the second disc is mastered to audiophile specifications and will sound stunning on home systems capable of reproducing the full spectrum of audible frequencies.
2409;7;Much like Steely Dan's lyrics can be silly and absurd one generally doesn't care as the arrangements and the quality are so fantastically good..."How to Be Invisible" is particularly driving... it keeps moving forward with Bush's vocals going up and down.
2409;8;Much like Steely Dan's lyrics can be silly and absurd one generally doesn't care as the arrangements and the quality are so fantastically good..."How to Be Invisible" is particularly driving... it keeps moving forward with Bush's vocals going up and down.
2409;9;I could just imagine a fantastic dance remix being made to this song, and really going of in clubs (I am a big fan of electronic by the way).
2409;10;Love how she laughs with the birds.
2410;1;Real good songs with meaning.
2410;2;great product, super fast delivery
2410;3;Real good songs with meaning.
2410;4;great product, super fast delivery
2410;5;great product, super fast delivery
2410;6;great product, super fast delivery
2410;7;great product, super fast delivery
2410;8;The lyrics are not particularly strong but he delivers them well.
2410;9;Fun and lively uptown country music that gets your toes tapping.
2410;10;Absolutely love, love, love this album.
2411;1;For those who don't like Meshuggah...this album could very well change your mind, it is that good.
2411;2;This is the best material Meshuggah has produce in an album format to date.
2411;3;For those who don't like Meshuggah...this album could very well change your mind, it is that good.
2411;4;The opening song "combustion" is THE best Meshuggah song yet in my opinion and it's effect on me is greater than a big fat line of grade A meth, great for the gym!!
2411;5;This is no longer so evident on recent albums...The amazing drummer Tomas Haake is responsible for almost all of the band's lyrics, and to fully appreciate the music, reading the lyrics is essential!
2411;6;This is the best material Meshuggah has produce in an album format to date.
2411;7;This is the best material Meshuggah has produce in an album format to date.
2411;8;Extremely talented drummer...who writes incredible lyrics for Jens Kidman to scream out.
2411;9;It's quite obvious that the members of Meshuggah are totally uncompromising and seriously dedicated to what they do while having fun.
2411;10;And while they seem to be taking some cues from older material (especially the aforementioned "I" and "Chaosphere") a couple of big things really stood out and made this different from anything they've released in awhile...First, the opening track "Combustion" is really, really catchy and energetic, despite still sounding relatively difficult to play.
2421;1;Again, fantastic buy at this price!
2421;2;This is such a great album.
2421;3;House Burning Down's my personal favorite but it has several good songs.
2421;4;This is such a great album.
2421;5;One book I read on Jimi talks about the high caliber of musicians.
2421;6;The Brits focused on sound quality more than overproducing and cleaning the studio album for domestic ears - lots of background chatter, crisp clear recording of Mitch Mitchell's drums, Noel Redding and, of course the real show, Jimi with those "What ARE you saying?!?!"
2421;7;This is such a great album.
2421;8;Hendrix re-defined what could be done with the electric guitar and his excellent song-writing, experimentation with sound and uniquely creative lyrics offer a rewarding experience to anyone interested in the evolution of modern music...The original 2-disk album had 16 tracks of varying length (of course on the vinyl - the only format available until the 1980s - this meant four `sides' of music).
2421;9;This is a great product to have for fun It is well made as well.
2421;10;Of course I love it.
2420;1;I would recommend this set to anyone who enjoys Randy Travis.
2420;2;Well, I suppose he could sing any music but I sure enjoy him with these sad and romantic songs!
2420;3;Randy Travis has a lot of excellent songs and this album is a good compilation of some of his more memorable music.
2420;4;I would recommend this set to anyone who enjoys Randy Travis.
2420;5;I would recommend this set to anyone who enjoys Randy Travis.
2420;6;this album is what makes country music so appealing... Meaningful lyrics, clean beautiful recording... Randy Travis is a classic!
2420;7;This is a great selection of Randy Travis hits and, for just $5 to download and store on the Cloud forever, its a heck of  a deal: no more worries about losing or scratching up a CD, as I have transferred the songs to a memory stick to also enjoy in my car.
2420;8;Well, I suppose he could sing any music but I sure enjoy him with these sad and romantic songs!
2420;9;I would recommend this set to anyone who enjoys Randy Travis.
2420;10;I love these cds and have enjoyed listening to them every day since I received them.
2423;1;very nice cd all of the songs are good and they are a blessing to anyone that listen to them.
2423;2;Tasha Cobb gives a worship experience that lifts and inspires.
2423;3;very nice cd all of the songs are good and they are a blessing to anyone that listen to them.
2423;4;Tasha Cobb gives a worship experience that lifts and inspires.
2423;5;She will keep you focus on God's grace and love.
2423;6;I play it at home on my iPod and I listen to her channel on Amazon Prime Music.
2423;7;I have purchased my 3rd Grace CD, yes 3rd I have to have one in the car, at home for my worship times, and I blessed someone with one as well.
2423;8;Tasha Cobb gives a worship experience that lifts and inspires.
2423;9;Tasha Cobb gives a worship experience that lifts and inspires.
2423;10;Love this CD, this is my first CD by this artist, but I'm liking what I'm hearing.
2422;1;After all these years it brings back good memories and fun times with the Alice Cooper band.
2422;2;its too bad Alice couldn't have stayed with them for his career but Alice has done some great stuff without them to.
2422;3;It's hard to explain without listening to it, but trust me, the quality of the music and instrumentation is very good, and that alone makes this album very worth while.
2422;4;It's hard to explain without listening to it, but trust me, the quality of the music and instrumentation is very good, and that alone makes this album very worth while.
2422;5;It's hard to explain without listening to it, but trust me, the quality of the music and instrumentation is very good, and that alone makes this album very worth while.
2422;6;'Elected' gave fresh meaning to a production so clean that the speakers roared with a new sound.
2422;7;It's hard to explain without listening to it, but trust me, the quality of the music and instrumentation is very good, and that alone makes this album very worth while.
2422;8;The lyrics are fab, the heavy riffs very satisfying, and the bass line is just cool!
2422;9;He takes the country by storm, and sets up a third party, a wild party!
2422;10;The album finishes off nicely with the classic I LOVE THE DEAD.
2417;1;And here you have a Fantastic group the Animals at thier best  with Eric singing with his heart and soul this was music as it should be , Where have the good times gone ?
2417;2;WE GOTTA GET OUTTA THIS PLACE is a funky bass line, with more blue collar lyrics.
2417;3;All of the other early singles check out pretty much right in line with the times on the original MGM label 45 rpm records, with one (good) exception: "House of the Rising Sun."
2417;4;The last groups seemed to have arrived in May, and though there were still plenty of British hits on the charts and A Hard Days Night's soundtrack songs were all being played on the radio as well, things were quiet.
2417;5;The last groups seemed to have arrived in May, and though there were still plenty of British hits on the charts and A Hard Days Night's soundtrack songs were all being played on the radio as well, things were quiet.
2417;6;The recording is clean and the songs are great.
2417;7;These are Great songs from the Animals all in  this c.d  package , the best songs by the Animals are here to enjoy from a better time in American  history  ,A time of excellent  music and  nice cars the 1950s and the 1960s even early seventies was the best for real rock n roll.
2417;8;WE GOTTA GET OUTTA THIS PLACE is a funky bass line, with more blue collar lyrics.
2417;9;Really fun to listen to
2417;10;Always have loved The Animals.
2416;1;Very good, I just love it.
2416;2;Very good, I just love it.
2416;3;Very good, I just love it.
2416;4;Very good, I just love it.
2416;5;Very good, I just love it.
2416;6;Very good, I just love it.
2416;7;Five stars on everything this is cheaper than the greatest hit cd and it has "Even when your sleep" which the greatest hits do not if your a fan whos looking for a variety of there most popular songs this is the cd to get it comes with auto rip which is a excellent plus you can listen to the cd in the car and the auto rip on your computer or any other device you choose!
2416;8;Very good, I just love it.
2416;9;It brings back the wonderful time
2416;10;Very good, I just love it.
2419;1;Strong songwriting and good performance from everyone...If there's anything negative, it is that a lot of the time they don't take full advantage of having three guitar players.
2419;2;Strong songwriting and good performance from everyone...If there's anything negative, it is that a lot of the time they don't take full advantage of having three guitar players.
2419;3;THe rest of the song is also good, Bruce sounds very good, though I hear him straining a little in the verses...Age of Innocence is often dubbed 'filler' in these reviews, and maybe it is, but it isn't a bad song
2419;4;A fine, light, quick opener
2419;5;The odd electronics and orchestration work very well, and it is nicely paced and constructed, building on a revisiting themes without becoming redundant or losing focus.
2419;6;I love the way they set up their epics, with a slow beginning with clean guitars, which explodes into a heavy middle section, with the song slowing down again at the end with clean guitars
2419;7;The former is driven by great double-bass drumwork while the latter is one of the gems of the album, with one of the best maiden choruses yet.
2419;8;It has got a little bit of filler, but it's not too bad, and the strong material more than makes up for it...Performances are strong across the board.
2419;9;The songs are ALL catchy and a great fun to listen to.
2419;10;Lotsa people find the chorus annoying, but I love it, and the vocal melodies during the verses are very strong.
2418;1;It added dynamics, complexity, and harmony to the raw emotion that was grunge.
2418;2;This album it is the beginnig of the big success of this band, you will find songs like MY HERO and EVERLONG, Foo Fighters mix the fun with rock with sad love history, if you like an alternative rock music buy this album
2418;3;It's a very good cover song.
2418;4;Perhaps it was this clashing that bore so much creativity, as the subsequent releases from Grohl and company are much less inspired and imaginative.
2418;5;The songs are either razor sharp (read: about as heavy as a song can be without being metal) or beautifully dreamy.
2418;6;Perhaps it was this clashing that bore so much creativity, as the subsequent releases from Grohl and company are much less inspired and imaginative.
2418;7;I don't know that I've seen any Vanity 6 covers before, but the fact that Foo Fighters loved them enough to do a cover of "Drive Me Wild" is just a testament of what a great band they are...So you must buy this CD!
2418;8;Never again have the Foos really recaptured the feeling, the lyric qualities, and the ability to rock with emotion found on this album (though Echoes is a close second)...With unforgettable songs like "Monkeywrench" and "Everlong" and a slew of amazing songs that never saw the light of day on the radio but were indeed radio-worthy especially compared with the junk out there today, The Colour and the Shape is a solid album.
2418;9;This album it is the beginnig of the big success of this band, you will find songs like MY HERO and EVERLONG, Foo Fighters mix the fun with rock with sad love history, if you like an alternative rock music buy this album
2418;10;During this period, I bought TCATS and loved every bit of it, just as I did with every other FF album that came out...Now, a couple of years later, I know better.
2429;1;What can you say about Buddy, just fantastic.
2429;2;What can you say about Buddy, just fantastic.
2429;3;good CD...if you like Buddy...you will like this.
2429;4;What can you say about Buddy, just fantastic.
2429;5;What can you say about Buddy, just fantastic.
2429;6;What can you say about Buddy, just fantastic.
2429;7;What can you say about Buddy, just fantastic.
2429;8;What can you say about Buddy, just fantastic.
2429;9;Track after track features an energetic, fun vibe that rewards multiple listens.
2429;10;If you like the blues you'll love this album
2428;1;The  music is upbeat and happy and I really enjoy listening to it.
2428;2;A nice variety of tunes and voices.
2428;3;I think the Celtic men are just as good and the women.
2428;4;A nice variety of tunes and voices.
2428;5;A nice variety of tunes and voices.
2428;6;A nice variety of tunes and voices.
2428;7;Alway been a fan of the Celtic Thunder, and have traveled to see them live.
2428;8;A nice variety of tunes and voices.
2428;9;Because listen to the songs in the Celtic choir for me it is double the fun.
2428;10;Awesome, My wife and grandkids love this CD.
2431;1;Although Herb's newer stuff is pretty good, I was glad to see that this CD stayed true by putting most of his older hits on there.
2431;2;Although Herb's newer stuff is pretty good, I was glad to see that this CD stayed true by putting most of his older hits on there.
2431;3;Although Herb's newer stuff is pretty good, I was glad to see that this CD stayed true by putting most of his older hits on there.
2431;4;Although Herb's newer stuff is pretty good, I was glad to see that this CD stayed true by putting most of his older hits on there.
2431;5;Although Herb's newer stuff is pretty good, I was glad to see that this CD stayed true by putting most of his older hits on there.
2431;6;So you might have several Tijuana Brass albums at home, but a collection like "Definitive Hits" would be a good one for the car (this is really good music to listen to in a traffic jam)...Historically, Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass are the most successful instrumental artists between the end of the Big Band era and today.
2431;7;So you might have several Tijuana Brass albums at home, but a collection like "Definitive Hits" would be a good one for the car (this is really good music to listen to in a traffic jam)...Historically, Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass are the most successful instrumental artists between the end of the Big Band era and today.
2431;8;Although Herb's newer stuff is pretty good, I was glad to see that this CD stayed true by putting most of his older hits on there.
2431;9;Very fun to listen to for a party or relaxing.
2431;10;The single 'Keep Your Eye On Me' is a nice song but the closer 'Making Love In The Rain' is a beautiful song.
2430;1;"Worship Music is a good record full of impressive musicianship and songs that don't feel as though you've already heard them before by a thousand other bands.
2430;2;There is not one bad song on this album its great start to finish.
2430;3;"Worship Music is a good record full of impressive musicianship and songs that don't feel as though you've already heard them before by a thousand other bands.
2430;4;And as far as the last releases from the Big 4, Worship Music is by far the best.
2430;5;They definitely seem to have been focused in the making of this album and Joey sounds better than ever.
2430;6;The following cut "The Devil You Know" is one of the album's biggest standouts and for good reason too, because it is highlighted by a propelling abundance of very catchy, chugging, rhythmic riffs and stomping drum beats, plus some very memorable and catchy vocal patterns especially during the song's choruses which also include some killer, wailing clean vocals from Belladonna, and the song also includes another sweet, wailing, and piercing solo as well.
2430;7;And as far as the last releases from the Big 4, Worship Music is by far the best.
2430;8;There is not one bad song on this album its great start to finish.
2430;9;Unlike many of their contemporary's recent releases, this disc sounds fresh, energetic, relevant, and fun.
2430;10;Loved the Threat is Real and WCFYA.
2425;1;It's got a good beat and fun to dance to.
2425;2;Record company creation she was not, and that's a BIG plus in my book...The album opens and closes with two classic 90s tunes - "Vision of Love" (which initially propelled Carey to the top of the pop charts) and "Love Takes Time," which I love the title to as too many love songs give impressions of instant, true blue love.
2425;3;Alone In Love - 8/10 Very Good, catchy tune.
2425;4;Alone In Love - 8/10 Very Good, catchy tune.
2425;5;Alone In Love - 8/10 Very Good, catchy tune.
2425;6;If I wanted to, I'd get a fresh clean copy of the CD in the store, because it sounds so good on CD with its clear, slick sounds.
2425;7;Alone In Love - 8/10 Very Good, catchy tune.
2425;8;- Her fourth #1, stayed 2 weeks there, a great ballad, with sad lyrics.
2425;9;It's got a good beat and fun to dance to.
2425;10;Alone In Love - 8/10 Very Good, catchy tune.
2424;1;I really enjoy good lyrics, song writing, and actual video production on an album.
2424;2;Ultraviolence is a bad girl lying to you, but making you love it.
2424;3;This album got a nice pace to it, and is good to relax to.
2424;4;This album got a nice pace to it, and is good to relax to.
2424;5;"Money Power Glory" is a deliciously cynical character study of how her haters view her. "
2424;6;This album got a nice pace to it, and is good to relax to.
2424;7;Psychological and physical pain travels with us all of our days.
2424;8;From the beginning to the very end, her voice gives you goosebumps, and her lyrics are full of real raw emotion.
2424;9;This album got a nice pace to it, and is good to relax to.
2424;10;Love Shades of Cool and Brooklyn Baby.
2427;1;Being a fan of their last album i was looking forward to purchasing it and was expecting another good solid album.
2427;2;The hard rocking facade nicely packages the wisdom and sad beauty of the experiences they so aptly describe.
2427;3;Being a fan of their last album i was looking forward to purchasing it and was expecting another good solid album.
2427;4;All of the songs are excellent...Track Listing.1.
2427;5;All of the songs are excellent...Track Listing.1.
2427;6;All of the songs are excellent...Track Listing.1.
2427;7;The creativity that is depicted here can only be described as, although I imagine pain stakingly labor intensive to make, this is one FUN album...Energetic, creative and talent driven, you might want to pick this one up!
2427;8;The hard rocking facade nicely packages the wisdom and sad beauty of the experiences they so aptly describe.
2427;9;I listened to Bad Girlfriend while getting a tattoo this summer and thought it was a fun song and wanted to hear more Theory so I bought this album.
2427;10;Love, love, love this album!!
2426;1;To my happy surprise, I not only enjoyed the songs just as much after all these years, but reveled in how darned GOOD they were.
2426;2;Even when he's giving himself romantic advice on "Get It Right The First Time",the music's shuffling jazz-funk sound adds to his sense of honest sensitivity as I call it...  Whatever one says about Billy Joel,and there's plenty good and bad on that end one has to admit this is extremely impressive music.
2426;3;Even when he's giving himself romantic advice on "Get It Right The First Time",the music's shuffling jazz-funk sound adds to his sense of honest sensitivity as I call it...  Whatever one says about Billy Joel,and there's plenty good and bad on that end one has to admit this is extremely impressive music.
2426;4;Okay, I have a 5.1 version of THE STRANGER and it is a wonder to behold.
2426;5;As you can read from the other reviews the album does have a timeless quality to it.
2426;6;With that, my sister came home with the record,and it became a favorite amongst all my siblings.
2426;7;We start the album with a great rocker out of "Movin' Out (Anthony's Song)" which is driven by piano and guitar.
2426;8;It is Joel's treatment of these natural human emotions and experiences coupled with great music and lyrics that makes this a stellar album...Of course, this is a review of a record album.
2426;9;The Stranger really is a great album, as good an introduction to an artist  as you could want (don't look for something better though...52nd Street is  pretty good fun), and excellent for a romantic evening with someone fairly  but not overly soppy.
2426;10;If you are a lover of these songs you will love this CD.
2750;1;Really enjoy listening to their fantastic voices.
2750;2;This album is a dream with voices like angels.
2750;3;It makes you feel good listening to it as it relaxes all of the tension.
2750;4;This album is a dream with voices like angels.
2750;5;This album is a dream with voices like angels.
2750;6;This is the type of music you want with a good cup of tea or when the traffic coming home is getting on your nerves.
2750;7;When i've had a stressful day I load it into my cd player in the car and ride home with great music.
2750;8;This album is a dream with voices like angels.
2750;9;Its BIG so you can really sing along & make grand gestures
2750;10;They are the best group of tenors I've ever heard and  I'd recommend this CD to anyone who loves romantic, beautiful music.
2751;1;Yes this is the best, a good collection  of there music.
2751;2;While Graeme contributed many intriguing ideas, Ray and Mike were actually very strong songwriters, and they are definitely under represented here...Given that caveat, this is still a fantastic compilation, especially since it includes rare quasi-Moodies classics such as Blue Guitar and Forever Autumn.
2751;3;Yes this is the best, a good collection  of there music.
2751;4;One of the best bands from England
2751;5;One of the best bands from England
2751;6;One of the best bands from England
2751;7;Steppin in a Slide Zone: What makes this musical number interesting is the time travel references...  My overall favorite song after listening to this compilation is definitely still "The Voice".
2751;8;Moody Blues are an incredible band with some of the finest arrangements and most intriguing lyrics to be found anywhere.
2751;9;One of the best bands from England
2751;10;I LOVE THE MOODY BLUES!
2748;1;Pretty good most of the songs I really enjoyed.
2748;2;The music is alluring, mysterious and sexy and there isn't one bad song on the CD.
2748;3;I think they did a really good job.
2748;4;I think they did a really good job.
2748;5;Having said all of that, the soundtrack on its own is worth every penny, whether you are reading the trilogy for the first time, or rereading it.
2748;6;I think they did a really good job.
2748;7;This is the kind of CD that you can pop in the car and forget because every single song is terrific.
2748;8;The music is alluring, mysterious and sexy and there isn't one bad song on the CD.
2748;9;It was perfect in the movie and is fun listening to
2748;10;Love this album so much...have played it at least 3 times already...I just got this album a couple of days ago and really like the selections on here, especially from Annie Lennox and from Beyonce.
2749;1;There is so many good songs here,its hard to choose a favorite.
2749;2;Forget the crap on the radio, the bad news on TV, this is real life...Like a good run on a sweet running motorcycle, this refreshes the soul and calms the mind...Thank God for Don Williams, and of course for Texas!
2749;3;Forget the crap on the radio, the bad news on TV, this is real life...Like a good run on a sweet running motorcycle, this refreshes the soul and calms the mind...Thank God for Don Williams, and of course for Texas!
2749;4;They really made a solid Don Williams greatest hits here.
2749;5;Am a musician and needed to study his songs-- the cd is what I needed --all songs are very fine
2749;6;His voice is soothing, very clean and clear and the guest artists are an extra treat.
2749;7;They really made a solid Don Williams greatest hits here.
2749;8;The smooth voice, simple lyrics, and complicated feelings evoked by this compilation is unmatched.
2749;9;They really made a solid Don Williams greatest hits here.
2749;10;Love the artist, the songs & the quality!
2746;1;If you like this album, you may also enjoy "To All Our Children's Children's Children," "On the Threshold of a Dream" and "Every Good Boy Deserves Favour."
2746;2;There is one bad song ("House of Four Doors") but everything else is top drawer, even the spacy Best Way to Travel.
2746;3;There is no need to evaluate individual songs because they are all very good.
2746;4;"Voices In The Sky," "Visions Of Paradise" and "The Actor" are pure ecstasy, with such heavenly mixes of instrumental textures and heartfelt vocals.
2746;5;The opening cut of this first of several concept albums released by the Moody Blues in rapid fire succession tells it all, a provocative,  thoughtful, and intellectually fascinating exploration of altered states of  consciousness, and a particular focus on the eastern idea of being.
2746;6;"Voices In The Sky," "Visions Of Paradise" and "The Actor" are pure ecstasy, with such heavenly mixes of instrumental textures and heartfelt vocals.
2746;7;I love everything here: the praise of imagination and will as a driving force that allows us do and know virtually everything we need, to travel through endless space outside and within.
2746;8;There is a remarkable, youthful enthusiasm in both the music and the lyrics, and the album is loaded with songs of unique, psychedelic charm.
2746;9;This song is just plain fun to listen and sing along to.
2746;10;"Voices In The Sky" is Justin Hayward's beautiful ballad contribution and "The Actor" is nothing short of plaintive, soul-searching love angst.
2747;1;I really enjoy this disc besides the Happy song there are other gems especially  the Marilyn Monroe song  This disc will certainly  make u happy
2747;2;Love every song from this disc.
2747;3;I love Pharrell anyway  but this cd is really a good one.
2747;4;Love every song from this disc.
2747;5;And his non stop focus on funk,percussive rhythms and new ways of re inventing melody on this album fully explores his true musical heart.
2747;6;Its nice clean and all age appropriate.
2747;7;Awesome road trip, and house cleaning song.
2747;8;Gust of Wind, Marilyn Monroe, Gush are all mind bogglingly intricate in their arrangements, as well as with the lyrics which inspire.
2747;9;This album is a lot of fun and makes you want to dance.
2747;10;Love every song from this disc.
2744;1;My favorite is still Feedback but now I have discovered new favorites in Can't Be Good, Rollercoaster and So Much Betta.
2744;2;Surprisingly, it works very well, and is her most memorable ballad since "I want you"...The other ballads
2744;3;My favorite is still Feedback but now I have discovered new favorites in Can't Be Good, Rollercoaster and So Much Betta.
2744;4;I have always been a huge Janet Jackson fan.
2744;5;It also focus on thoughts and feelings that nourish our physical and spirtual lives.
2744;6;I have always been a huge Janet Jackson fan.
2744;7;My point is that a lot of people (myself included) just want a Janet album that has catchy tunes, songs I can dance to at clubs, sing along while I'm in my car in traffic.
2744;8;Surprisingly, it works very well, and is her most memorable ballad since "I want you"...The other ballads
2744;9;"Feedback" exploded onto club dance floors, and "Rock with U" had some of the best Janet dancing in years.
2744;10;I love this album to death.
2745;1;This is a real good album and it's a David Gilmour Solo album not Pink Floyd so naysayers lighten up and enjoy.
2745;2;But, "THE BLUE" is my personal favorite.
2745;3;, Gilmour has released "On An Island", a calm, introspective, relaxed collection of beautiful songs.
2745;4;While blissful for Pink Floyd fans even the signature sounds are fresh and take off in new directions...Romantic notions of outdoor escapes and the mellow comforting moods make this an album well worth waiting for and it is David Gilmour's voice that makes you want to dive into this album time and time again.
2745;5;While blissful for Pink Floyd fans even the signature sounds are fresh and take off in new directions...Romantic notions of outdoor escapes and the mellow comforting moods make this an album well worth waiting for and it is David Gilmour's voice that makes you want to dive into this album time and time again.
2745;6;A song like the classic Fat Old Sun would sound completely at home on this album...One gets the feeling that as Gilmour enjoys what must be a fairly comfortable life as one of rock's living legends that most of these songs came about during leisurely evenings playing acoustic guitar.
2745;7;I listened to this album at least once per week as I made the trip from Vegas back home to San Diego after having seen my girlfriend (now wife) for the weekend...The album is best when listened to all the way through.
2745;8;Images of diving into passionate experiences make this sexy in Take a Breath and yet it has a very spiritual dimension...While the lyrics are entertaining in content, it is how David Gilmour plays with the music and merges his voice into the notes with his signature pacing that captures my full attention.
2745;9;...I suggest busting open some red wine, and putting this on with the lights low and relax... this is the perfect CD to do it with...Enjoy and Have fun
2745;10;Its like when two people love each other, their wills become one, (at least ideally, yeah I know couples can have friction, break up, yadda yadda, but everyone knows what I mean when two people hit it off perfectly, and for those few moments, times, they were very together in their likes and dislikes, and wants...etc).
2742;1;I love this album and get made fun of because I like Coldplay but it is good happy music....A must for a pop library in my opinion....
2742;2;Others are saying this is a brilliant way to showcase Coldplay's recent take to smaller venues, more personal themes and THE most important theme being the obvious conception of this record, the split between Paltrow and Martin...my bad... "conscious uncoupling"...Okay lets look at the music itself:.
2742;3;It's pretty short, but it's still good.
2742;4;Avicii produced the unstoppable EDM workout "Sky Full of Stars," but the real beauty can be found on the moody mid tempo tracks "Magic," "Another's Arms," and the Timbaland-produced "True Love"...and the ballad "O" is one of the most hauntingly beautiful songs they've ever recorded.
2742;5;Lyrically, this is a major departure for Chris Martin as this is the first time a Coldplay album has focused entirely on love and heartbreak.
2742;6;I listened to it on the long drive home with a surprisingly potent sense of satisfaction and enthusiasm.
2742;7;Most songs feature a really pretty subdued melody with a driving base beat.
2742;8;You would think that given the recent end of his marriage, the well of emotion would be a bit deeper and he could pen a chorus or two that's longer than "Tell me you love me/If you don't, then lie (repeat)" (from the song "True Love"), yet the simplicity of the lyrics fits well with much of the album's minimalism.
2742;9;The band brought in Avicii to produce it, and you can tell right away by the sound of the pulsing dance beat that floods the track.
2742;10;I love this cd its kind of romantic sounding with much of the music the melodies and tons have a great emotional feel to them.
2743;1;It is such a pleasure to listen to this tenors and the range of the voices are fantastic and the music is so good.
2743;2;It makes my musical heart very happy to listen to it.
2743;3;It makes you feel good listening to it as it relaxes all of the tension.
2743;4;It makes my musical heart very happy to listen to it.
2743;5;It makes my musical heart very happy to listen to it.
2743;6;This is the type of music you want with a good cup of tea or when the traffic coming home is getting on your nerves.
2743;7;When i've had a stressful day I load it into my cd player in the car and ride home with great music.
2743;8;It makes my musical heart very happy to listen to it.
2743;9;This music is so much fun.
2743;10;I love these guys.....I discovered them a couple of years ago when they were the Canadian Tenors....Their voices are so different but yet their sound is so wonderful when they come together....Love the diversity of their music...It's a Wonderful CD
2740;1;This is a very good CD and I'm happy I purchased it.
2740;2;Tony and his musical pals compliment one another beautifully, However, it pains me to say it, but this album was purchased as a stocking stuffer for my wife and the bozos who sold it posted a request for a review before Christmas, thereby spoiling my surprise!
2740;3;Amazon offers such good deals, that's why I always come here!
2740;4;The stars chosen compliment Mr. Bennett's voice amazingly!
2740;5;The stars chosen compliment Mr. Bennett's voice amazingly!
2740;6;Good product: clean and rapid deal.
2740;7;I bought this because I drive for a retirement center and knew the residents would like to listen to their kind of music.
2740;8;The stars chosen compliment Mr. Bennett's voice amazingly!
2740;9;Great for dinner parties, pool parties or to take along on an afternoon sail!
2740;10;I love Duets II with Tony Bennett and the various singers he chose to record with.
2741;1;I really loved Heaven & Hell when it was released, but after I heard Mob Rules, I hoped that recording was as good as H&H but because the songs are fantastic makes you love the album, each song is better than the other, all are good & the most remarkable song Falling off the egde of the world is my all time fav.
2741;2;Too bad that's the impression many who saw the interview are left with about this album, because it's an outstanding piece of work.
2741;3;There isn't a bad track on this album, and Dio's lyrical musings are actually quite good, even when put up against the canon of Geezer's lyrics during the Ozzy years...If you like hard rock or heavy metal, "Mob Rules" is a necessary addition to your album collection.
2741;4;Slipping Away is a little weak, but the rest of the album is so epic, its jaw dropping.
2741;5;It's as if Black Sabbath built a time machine, traveled forward in time, read my review of 'Heaven and Hell', from a few minutes ago, and decided to write a new album while keeping my criticisms in mind.
2741;6;All good, clean fun in a very dark vein.
2741;7;It's as if Black Sabbath built a time machine, traveled forward in time, read my review of 'Heaven and Hell', from a few minutes ago, and decided to write a new album while keeping my criticisms in mind.
2741;8;There isn't a bad track on this album, and Dio's lyrical musings are actually quite good, even when put up against the canon of Geezer's lyrics during the Ozzy years...If you like hard rock or heavy metal, "Mob Rules" is a necessary addition to your album collection.
2741;9;All good, clean fun in a very dark vein.
2741;10;People loved Heaven and Hell, which was seen as Tony Iommi's triumphant return to world-class songwriting, riffing, and soloing.
2738;1;All things you got is happy and having fun!
2738;2;You can feel the joy and energy, and that is what seperates good albums from bad ones...As I said, I pretty much adore every single track, but the highlight of the album must be whenever Discovery reaches track number 10 "Voyager".
2738;3;You can feel the joy and energy, and that is what seperates good albums from bad ones...As I said, I pretty much adore every single track, but the highlight of the album must be whenever Discovery reaches track number 10 "Voyager".
2738;4;Ah, this is delicious music for moving the body and getting a great workout!
2738;5;Now for those of you that haven't read any of my other reviews, I listen to a wide variety of music (which is not only fun for me, but a great thing to do as I am a musician and should gather aspects from various forms of music), and no matter what, I think that Daft Punk's, "Discovery" has something for everybody...  I bought this album when it first came out.
2738;6;There really isn't much to the song, but it's marvelously poppy house music.
2738;7;If you're into electronic songs that you can dance to, and can blast in your car, this album is DEFINITELY for you!
2738;8;You can feel the joy and energy, and that is what seperates good albums from bad ones...As I said, I pretty much adore every single track, but the highlight of the album must be whenever Discovery reaches track number 10 "Voyager".
2738;9;It's one of the most entertaining and fun albums to dance to ever in my opinion.
2738;10;Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend and she loves it.
2739;1;The music is happy and catchy and up beat and fun and so easy to listen to.
2739;2;"Something Blue" is super catchy, and the oddly titled "(OOO) Do I Wanna Be Yours" is hypnotic, a song I'd expect to hear in a Quentin Tarantino movie, different on so many levels...with a great arrangement.
2739;3;Neil Diamond still makes good music and has a great voice.
2739;4;The LP album is great.
2739;5;The LP album is great.
2739;6;Let me start by saying that I am a huge fan of 12 Songs and Home Before Dark and I loved the stripped back nature of the production on each which allowed Neil's voice to be front and centre and which illuminated the quality of the song writing.
2739;7;For those of us who have been fans for 40 or 50 years, this album is a gift...It has a mix of styles, some mellow, some as driving as many of his early hits.
2739;8;It is full of his gravelly but soulful performances, catchy instrumentation, and lyrics with some bite.
2739;9;The songs are fun, well thought out, and fluid.
2739;10;I am a Neil Diamond fan and love this album.
2736;1;It is a somewhat simple song, yet it ius always fun to listen to and the chorus is very addictive.
2736;2;Too bad Paul Di'Anno, the vocalist here and on 'Killers', didn't last...The first half of the album is the band's best, purest work:  "Prowler"
2736;3;Paul sings very well on the slow parts, very calm and relaxed.
2736;4;Opener "Prowler" sports one of the most awesome guitar riffs of their career, a police car siren attack that sets high standards for the rest of the album.
2736;5;It focuses purely on the musical abilities of Maiden, which are demonstrated so well in this tune.
2736;6;Eddie lives and is driving his message home again and again with a powerful force of rhythm and guitar glory that will keep you tapping your feet and banging your head until the very end.
2736;7;Opener "Prowler" sports one of the most awesome guitar riffs of their career, a police car siren attack that sets high standards for the rest of the album.
2736;8;The music is awesome as well as the lyrics.
2736;9;It is a somewhat simple song, yet it ius always fun to listen to and the chorus is very addictive.
2736;10;You almost didn't know what to make of it, but you loved it...Yeah Paul Di'anno wasn't as accomplished as Bruce Dickinson, and yeah Maiden would mature as song writers, but that was a couple years down the road.
2737;1;It still sounds very fun, happy and make me dance!
2737;2;You can feel the joy and energy, and that is what seperates good albums from bad ones...As I said, I pretty much adore every single track, but the highlight of the album must be whenever Discovery reaches track number 10 "Voyager".
2737;3;You can feel the joy and energy, and that is what seperates good albums from bad ones...As I said, I pretty much adore every single track, but the highlight of the album must be whenever Discovery reaches track number 10 "Voyager".
2737;4;Ah, this is delicious music for moving the body and getting a great workout!
2737;5;Now for those of you that haven't read any of my other reviews, I listen to a wide variety of music (which is not only fun for me, but a great thing to do as I am a musician and should gather aspects from various forms of music), and no matter what, I think that Daft Punk's, "Discovery" has something for everybody...  I bought this album when it first came out.
2737;6;One of the best forays into the genre, actually, because it features just about every aspect of what makes house music fun.
2737;7;If you're into electronic songs that you can dance to, and can blast in your car, this album is DEFINITELY for you!
2737;8;Face to Face - Great beat, and fun lyrics and vocals...has a bit of a Prince or Michael Jackson vibe.
2737;9;It's one of the most entertaining and fun albums to dance to ever in my opinion.
2737;10;Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend and she loves it.
2735;1;"Cemeteries of London" I enjoyed with its lyrics and good music.
2735;2;There are good changes and bad changes its good to know a band like Linkin Park was the one that made the band change and Coldplay made the good one.
2735;3;There are good changes and bad changes its good to know a band like Linkin Park was the one that made the band change and Coldplay made the good one.
2735;4;"Lovers in Japan" sports a `happy' tune, with racing piano.
2735;5;This is an excellent album with great music.
2735;6;Whether just sitting around the house, or cruising down the highway one can't help but be pleased with what it is coming from the speakers.
2735;7;The melodies Coldplay provide are moving, listeners travel on on a memorable musical journey throughout.
2735;8;To add to that, the lyrics from Chris Martin are full of emotion and bring this album to where it should be and already is: the top.
2735;9;Strawberry Swing inspires me to just get up and dance!
2735;10;which is simply gorgeous.........i still gotta really finish the cd ive skimmed thro a couple songs but i had to post something to let people who love Coldplay know that this cd is wonderful...get it and give it a try
2734;1;I'm so happy to see that this album is getting a lot of good reviews.
2734;2;Not a bad song to be found and the last track "Scared" is amazing as well.
2734;3;Not a bad song to be found and the last track "Scared" is amazing as well.
2734;4;This is perhaps the former Beatle's most consistently satisfying outing since "Band on the Run," now forty years ago.
2734;5;As Paul has said before, his past is ever present, so a song from a musical legend like him that honestly goes back and focuses specifically on his formative days with his equally legendary partner John Lennon, isn't unwelcome or unexpected at all.
2734;6;This is perhaps the former Beatle's most consistently satisfying outing since "Band on the Run," now forty years ago.
2734;7;If you liked "Flaming Pie" and "Driving Rain", this is yet another Paul McCartney album to enjoy.
2734;8;Not a bad song to be found and the last track "Scared" is amazing as well.
2734;9;Most of his fans sing and dance and his concerts are so much fun.
2734;10;I love it when new material is released from former Beatles, or something we haven't heard by the Beatles!
2733;1;This album is fantastic from top to bottom.
2733;2;Pretty much you can't go wrong with Slayer, so I would recommend all their albums up through Seasons in the Abyss, and even the newer albums are not bad either.
2733;3;south of heaven, but dark, heavy and sinister, very good album, worthy of distinction among the great works of thrash metal of the decade
2733;4;As time has passed, Slayer fans have come to agree that South of Heaven has some of the best riffs and vocals in the bands career.
2733;5;As time has passed, Slayer fans have come to agree that South of Heaven has some of the best riffs and vocals in the bands career.
2733;6;Ear-blistering, yet melodic music from the band who calls L.A. home, & Hell.
2733;7;As time has passed, Slayer fans have come to agree that South of Heaven has some of the best riffs and vocals in the bands career.
2733;8;Pretty much you can't go wrong with Slayer, so I would recommend all their albums up through Seasons in the Abyss, and even the newer albums are not bad either.
2733;9;As time has passed, Slayer fans have come to agree that South of Heaven has some of the best riffs and vocals in the bands career.
2733;10;If you love guitar check this album out.
2732;1;big elvis fan enjoying his gospel music
2732;2;This is an excellent collection of spiritual music with smooth voice of Elvis.
2732;3;Who doesn't love Elvis...It brings back many good memories...
2732;4;This is an excellent collection of spiritual music with smooth voice of Elvis.
2732;5;This is an excellent collection of spiritual music with smooth voice of Elvis.
2732;6;Has it in her car and uses it in heavy traffic drives to customer or home.
2732;7;Has it in her car and uses it in heavy traffic drives to customer or home.
2732;8;He really seems to put a lot of emotion in some of them.
2732;9;This is an excellent collection of spiritual music with smooth voice of Elvis.
2732;10;I love the talent of Elvis Presley and especially like his gospel and romantic music.
2731;1;I came at a good time thanks to you.
2731;2;Its to bad Rob had to split with Priest for some time after this album, but this is worth it for any HEAVY METAL SONG.
2731;3;Its to bad Rob had to split with Priest for some time after this album, but this is worth it for any HEAVY METAL SONG.
2731;4;I caught on with Priest in the 80's with Screaming for Vengeance, and love their 80's stuff the best (Screaming, Defenders of the Faith, British Steel) and this early 90's gem.
2731;5;I caught on with Priest in the 80's with Screaming for Vengeance, and love their 80's stuff the best (Screaming, Defenders of the Faith, British Steel) and this early 90's gem.
2731;6;It lasted for four long weeks before Priest finally won the case, and proved that it was in fact the victims' home environments to blame and not the band.
2731;7;Buy it, kiddies, and listen to it while you drive!
2731;8;Night Crawler- 6/5 Most impressive work of a song and they should be proud of it: the lyrics for once ain't too bad and the intro and middle parts are terrific!
2731;9;I caught on with Priest in the 80's with Screaming for Vengeance, and love their 80's stuff the best (Screaming, Defenders of the Faith, British Steel) and this early 90's gem.
2731;10;I caught on with Priest in the 80's with Screaming for Vengeance, and love their 80's stuff the best (Screaming, Defenders of the Faith, British Steel) and this early 90's gem.
2730;1;Neil Young could really write some good music!
2730;2;Honestly, there isn't a bad song on this album and even the cover of Don Gibson's "Oh Lonesome Me" fits seamlessly into Young's pastiche of melancholy, redemption, and yearning...The 2009 remaster is simply amazing.
2730;3;At least that's the impression I get listening to this set of relaxed yet confident tracks.
2730;4;I become overwhelmed by an uncanny blend of feelings- nostalgia, solititude and a somewhat bittersweet sense of joy.
2730;5;Neil Young, plain and simple, is a musical force of nature - and "After the Gold Rush" brought this into clear focus.
2730;6;The lone piano and french horn drives the poignant lyrics home.
2730;7;The lone piano and french horn drives the poignant lyrics home.
2730;8;Although the lyrics at times can be esoteric, the music is always right there, lilting and swaying, conveying the feeling of the songs accurately.
2730;9;WHEN YOU DANCE YOU CAN REALLY LOVE is another great rocker.
2730;10;Seeing I'm so in love with the piano (in fact, I'm a pianist myself), this is heaven for me.
2729;1;This music is good for superficial background jamming, and for those who like to listen more closely... you can really enjoy the lyrics as well.
2729;2;Without a doubt, my favorite band.
2729;3;Can't help but feel the good part of early Cream in their playing.
2729;4;Without a doubt, my favorite band.
2729;5;The band remains focused on minimalist progressions and grooves, adding tasteful touches of other instrumentation and sounds to vary the overall timbre.
2729;6;Growing up in cold, economically-depressed Akron, Ohio had something to do with that, no doubt...Glad to see that these guys are still going strong, and I'm proud to say that they're from my home state of Ohio!
2729;7;He loves it plays it every chance he gets in the car, the truck, the house, now the son has it
2729;8;Dan is on point, writing great lyrics in my opinion and his falsetto on some songs is a great touch.
2729;9;I don't think it's one you will tire quickly with... it's just fun!
2729;10;My grandmother and I really love this CD, however she lost our copy a couple of months ago.
2728;1;Personally, my absolute favorite is When the Sun Rose again, just a beautiful song with this haunting guitar that really just hits home for me the vibe of what AIC has been through and you can really feel the emotion on this record, along with some fun as well!
2728;2;Jerry delivers the lyrics the same way he lived them, with honesty, pain and complete surrender.
2728;3;Listening to this album from the perspective of a fan, I can say that they both have their good and bad qualities to them.
2728;4;Ladies and gentlemen, I am happy to announce that not only do Alice in Chains accomplish that goal, but that they are back and much bigger and better than one could have ever expected.
2728;5;It is interesting to read other reviews of this album.
2728;6;Likewise, Inez and Kinney are still up to snuff and add the extra weight that always nailed home the best Alice in Chains songs...Thankfully for longtime fans and purists alike, the album pays as much tribute to the band's past as it paves a new path.
2728;7;If you liked some of the sadder fare on "Degradation Trip," and I did, this song is for you.
2728;8;, "Private Hell" again this is a track i swear has Layne written all over it, sad, but it's just a beautiful song, real emotion twisting stuff, brilliant.
2728;9;Personally, my absolute favorite is When the Sun Rose again, just a beautiful song with this haunting guitar that really just hits home for me the vibe of what AIC has been through and you can really feel the emotion on this record, along with some fun as well!
2728;10;The first couple of songs are pure Cantrell/old-school Alice in Chains, but when William DuVall comes through on "Last of My Kind," a classic is born and a singer that more than fills the shoes is established.
2727;1;I enjoyed this cd MUCH more than I thought I would, and that is indeed "A Little Good News"!
2727;2;And it IS a gem...nice mixture of sweet, sad, upbeat, and simple tunes, PERFECTLY matched to each of the artist's Anne perfroms with.
2727;3;I enjoyed this cd MUCH more than I thought I would, and that is indeed "A Little Good News"!
2727;4;Add to that impressive list the likes of Carole King, Olivia Newton-John, Sarah Brightman and Martina McBride and you have all the ingredients for an outstanding disc.
2727;5;Add to that impressive list the likes of Carole King, Olivia Newton-John, Sarah Brightman and Martina McBride and you have all the ingredients for an outstanding disc.
2727;6;Add to that impressive list the likes of Carole King, Olivia Newton-John, Sarah Brightman and Martina McBride and you have all the ingredients for an outstanding disc.
2727;7;Add to that impressive list the likes of Carole King, Olivia Newton-John, Sarah Brightman and Martina McBride and you have all the ingredients for an outstanding disc.
2727;8;The blend of Harris' voice with Murray's aches with emotion and longing.
2727;9;Her hits, sung new with some unusual partners, is fresh and fun.
2727;10;Their bond literally comes through in this exquisite track that deals with a very different kind of love...Also excellent is an update of Murray's evocative (and, some claimed, provocative) 1983 hit "A Little Good News" with the equally provocative duo Indigo Girls.
2726;1;These songs are just fantastic, well-crafted, joyous, touching, haunting, fun.
2726;2;All the songs on The Rising are superb, not a bad track here, every song is top notch, and all of them have those great tokken Springsteen.
2726;3;All the songs on The Rising are superb, not a bad track here, every song is top notch, and all of them have those great tokken Springsteen.
2726;4;This album sports a number of textures and some of the best material in years.
2726;5;"Counting On A Miracle" sounds like a happy joyful tune until you focus on the lyric, "Sleeping beauty awakes from her dream with her lover's kiss on her lips
2726;6;It's very clean and fresh sounding, and Bruce's voice is open and fluid.
2726;7;I loved the rollicking optimism of "Waitin' On a Sunny Day" and "Countin' On a Miracle," the moving and introspective "Nothing Man" (which recalls Tunnel of Love's "Walk Like a Man"), and the driving melody propelling the listener "Further On (Up the Road)"...I was also impressed with "Mary's Place," which sounds like it could have been written for the Born to Run album.
2726;8;Complete with deep lyrics, and deep emotions throughout the songs.
2726;9;I found myself dancing to the music and feeling a release that has been a long time coming.
2726;10;This is truly one of the top albums to come out since the 2000's started, Rolling Stone rated this a 5***** album and for once I agree with the critics on this album, your not a Springsteen fan if you don't own this yet, and if your not a real big Springsteen fan, but only like a couple of his songs you will still love this!
2725;1;I really enjoyed this song, it was creepy and good to me.
2725;2;Song seems to be about his father i am guessing, cuz of some of the lyrics such as "Im in so much pain i have ever [...] right to hate you i cant take it!
2725;3;#7: Gently: Nothing but a big explosion of noise, but it sounds good.
2725;4;#12: New Abortion: Off-beat and cool.
2725;5;Until then folks... I may be right, and I may be wrong, but thank you for reading!
2725;6;#12: New Abortion: Off-beat and cool.
2725;7;#12: New Abortion: Off-beat and cool.
2725;8;Corey's lyrics are absolutely top notch and they reflect on themes of commerciality, misanthropia, violence, madness, apocalypse etc, but this time they do it intelligently!
2725;9;#12: New Abortion: Off-beat and cool.
2725;10;I hope Slipknot are still going to be around for a couple of years so we can see if they have more to contribute to rock!
2724;1;It has a fantastic lead singer and it rocks!
2724;2;I have quite a collection of CD's and the Hailstorm CD is one of the best.
2724;3;Lead singer Lzzy has a strong voice with good character, she has depth and shadow in her voice that isn't found often these days.
2724;4;Album is awesome & gym worthy!
2724;5;The song writing is good focusing on coming of age/broken heart-type themes mostly, but very appealing to most anyone.
2724;6;if you like music that is driving and great to listen to while working out or cleaning house this is the one for you.
2724;7;if you like music that is driving and great to listen to while working out or cleaning house this is the one for you.
2724;8;I am definitely recommending this to anyone who likes great lyrics, rythym, and rockin' music.
2724;9;It's fun and funny with lots of attitude and great music.
2724;10;I love nothing more than getting finding a new band that completely exceeds all expectations and Halestorm certainly do that...The album kicks off with a rocking lead of 'Its Not You' and it carries on from there.
2723;1;"Dog Eat Dog" is fun, too, because of Scott's cool "barking dogs" vocal.
2723;2;BAD BOY BOOGIE is the fourth great song in a row.
2723;3;BAD BOY BOOGIE is the fourth great song in a row.
2723;4;The rest of LET THERE BE ROCK is typical AC/DC, all with great production.
2723;5;Oh well, you can at least hear it if you have a computer, which I assume you do since you are here reading this.
2723;6;The lyrics are so cool, and so powerful, I swear I bought this album just for this song and then I found out all the other songs were great as well...To rap things up this is a power house of an album, not a weak track present on this one.
2723;7;And they may be right, its defnitly one of the best and one of the best hard driving great hard rock guitar albums to this date!
2723;8;BAD BOY BOOGIE is the fourth great song in a row.
2723;9;"Dog Eat Dog" is fun, too, because of Scott's cool "barking dogs" vocal.
2723;10;The album closes with it's best song, and maybe AC/DC's all time best song, 'Whole Lotta Rosie' I love this song to death!
2722;1;At first Prince is resistant of his new surroundings, but an assuring female voice (reminiscent of some of Mayte's NPG interludes on "The Gold Experience") convinces Prince that he is not in any danger and will ultimately enjoy his new surroundings...The album then breaks concept for the next several tracks, which are nonetheless very good songs all around.
2722;2;It just sounds cool and stays cool and funky without the weird rock nerdy voice he sometimes uses (like the Fury song-great song bad delivery tone of voice) or the corny old man trying to be cool lyrics that sometimes come into play...I can't wait to hear some songs over and over so I can hear things I missed.
2722;3;At first Prince is resistant of his new surroundings, but an assuring female voice (reminiscent of some of Mayte's NPG interludes on "The Gold Experience") convinces Prince that he is not in any danger and will ultimately enjoy his new surroundings...The album then breaks concept for the next several tracks, which are nonetheless very good songs all around.
2722;4;"ART OFFICIAL AGE" is a fantastic, beautiful and haunting record that captures Prince at the beginning of an all too brief artistic resurgence, with his artistry and motivation restored and a new, visionary and highly intelligent new period emerging, only to be cut short so devastatingly.
2722;5;I didn't find any of the lyrics corny as I have read in other reviews, but that may be because one, he's being coy and having fun.
2722;6;What was received from this was a very alive sounding Prince,with a lot of sleek and clean production elements that in a way reminded me of something else.
2722;7;"ART OFFICIAL AGE" is a fantastic, beautiful and haunting record that captures Prince at the beginning of an all too brief artistic resurgence, with his artistry and motivation restored and a new, visionary and highly intelligent new period emerging, only to be cut short so devastatingly.
2722;8;It just sounds cool and stays cool and funky without the weird rock nerdy voice he sometimes uses (like the Fury song-great song bad delivery tone of voice) or the corny old man trying to be cool lyrics that sometimes come into play...I can't wait to hear some songs over and over so I can hear things I missed.
2722;9;I soon realized it was a bit of Prince poking fun at himself with the "we've come a long way" repeated with sped up "Camille" voice.
2722;10;"TIME" brings things back around, with Prince expressing his desire to go back and experience the love that so eluded him in life, reflecting on an empty space in his heart yearning to be filled.
2721;1;Now take that and add to it a slew of talented guest artists and a variety of beats from some of the best in the game such as Kanye, Swizz Beats, David Banner, and Cool & Dre, and you've got yourself a fantastic album you'll want to listen to again and again.
2721;2;Mrs. Officer is cool, not bad.
2721;3;I'm sure there are a few others out there right now just as good if not better than Wayne.
2721;4;Just listen to what Jay said on Mr. Carter..."I'm right here in my chair with my crown and my dear Queen B as I share my time with my heir."
2721;5;Just listen to what Jay said on Mr. Carter..."I'm right here in my chair with my crown and my dear Queen B as I share my time with my heir."
2721;6;Phone Home is... weird lol.
2721;7;This is actually my second copy, mine got broke in a car accident last year and I finally bought a new copy today.
2721;8;Mrs. Officer is cool, not bad.
2721;9;Whether he's tearing up a track like "A Milli" or rapping about the virtues of a "Lollipop" or trading bars with Jay-Z on "Mr. Carter"...Wayne almost always brings you songs that are a both easily accessible, fun to listen and sometimes thought provoking like "DontGetIt" which is worthy of a few listen if only to hear him talk about various issues in the world and a certain person.
2721;10;Lil wayne is another one of my favorite rappers love the album Phone Home
2720;1;Maybe it doesn't break new groud or maybe it fails to be purely Latino or purely jazz/whatever else, but it makes me want to get up and move....and it's fun and happy and it makes me smile.
2720;2;What a totally  beautiful album.
2720;3;Incidentally, I will eventually fork out the bucks for the "Legacy" edition of this since it has more of what is "good".
2720;4;What a totally  beautiful album.
2720;5;Carlos focused... Santana light... whatever, it is music with sytyle and flare and is great to listen too.
2720;6;What a totally  beautiful album.
2720;7;What a totally  beautiful album.
2720;8;This cd is a great reflection of emotion, experiences and growth for Carlos and his band members.
2720;9;Maybe it doesn't break new groud or maybe it fails to be purely Latino or purely jazz/whatever else, but it makes me want to get up and move....and it's fun and happy and it makes me smile.
2720;10;But, I LOVE the blend of contemporary artists with Santana's  longtime sound.
2716;1;DS is good, one thing about this album is that a lot of the songs are intense and you need to be in an upbeat energetic mood to enjoy them.
2716;2;The first three songs are funky and complement the artists' singing style, "Little Susie" parallels the circumstances of Mr. Jackson's life and death, and "Smile" has a melancholy mood similar to how his life is described in print and it is also sad like "Gone Too Soon".
2716;3;I don't mind covers, just as long as it sounds good and respects the original artist it came from.
2716;4;I love this 2 cd set because every song on it is great.
2716;5;Tabloid Junkie-michael is encouraging people not to believe everything you read or see on tv.
2716;6;This album "History Past, Present & Future Book 1" is excellent, it is the album of Michael you must have at home.
2716;7;This song is once again hip hop driven and written by the King himself.
2716;8;"This Time Around" featured the late Notorious B.I.G. and has a serious melody with lyrics about avoiding public control.
2716;9;Michael blends dance and music perfectly, because of this his music is easy and fun to dance to.
2716;10;I love this 2 cd set because every song on it is great.
2717;1;This is the happy, funny Eminem that I miss  so much- theres so many good ones on this I cant name em all- My Name Is,  Guilty Conscience, Brain Damage, Role Model, Still Dont Give A F-, this is  such a classic.
2717;2;It has 2 songs with light beats (Bad meets Evil, and As the World Turns).
2717;3;In my view he is an excellent rap artist, and I love his album, it has twelve tracks with consistently good lyrics.
2717;4;This is an outstanding album by the king of controversy himself, Slim Shady.
2717;5;This is an outstanding album by the king of controversy himself, Slim Shady.
2717;6;This recording is clean -- from a recording sense!
2717;7;It's good driving music and  very catchy.
2717;8;The lyrics are mind catching, and you can empathise with him.
2717;9;"Cum On Everybody" will make you dance.
2717;10;In my view he is an excellent rap artist, and I love his album, it has twelve tracks with consistently good lyrics.
2718;1;If you ever wondered how AC/DC could headline Castle Donnington 3 times this album gives you a pretty good idea...New fans looking into AC/DC's back catalog will love this album.
2718;2;GO DOWN is a great rock song, but from DOG EAT DOG begins the rock magic...The classic fantastic title track LET THERE BE ROCK, BAG BOY BOOGIE, PROBLEM CHILD, the glorious one OVERDOSE, HELL AIN'T A BAD PLACE...And the AC DC masterpiece is completed by the magnificient WHOLE LOTTA ROSIE!!!!!
2718;3;If you ever wondered how AC/DC could headline Castle Donnington 3 times this album gives you a pretty good idea...New fans looking into AC/DC's back catalog will love this album.
2718;4;Classic album to get you well above posted speeds without you reliving it.
2718;5;Oh well, you can at least hear it if you have a computer, which I assume you do since you are here reading this.
2718;6;Theres a picture CD to the right and a 16-page booklet housed on the left in a pocket pouch.
2718;7;Excellent upbeat, hard driving song with very sexually charged lyrics.
2718;8;Featuring a blistering riff from Malcolm Young, a great story lyric from Bon Scott, and wicked guitar solos from Angus Young, the title song is one of the all-time great anthems.
2718;9;Bon meets big strong lady...has fun.
2718;10;If you ever wondered how AC/DC could headline Castle Donnington 3 times this album gives you a pretty good idea...New fans looking into AC/DC's back catalog will love this album.
2719;1;The parodies in Mandatory Fun are all fantastic.
2719;2;His final song, the sprawling "Jackson Park Express", isn't as good or funny as his other long songs he's had on albums lately, but it's not bad..."Mandatory Fun" is classic Al.
2719;3;His final song, the sprawling "Jackson Park Express", isn't as good or funny as his other long songs he's had on albums lately, but it's not bad..."Mandatory Fun" is classic Al.
2719;4;Beyond the jokes it's a surprisingly poignant bit of subject matter...That's not to say there's nothing more lightweight and fun, there's the obligatory polka parody and "Sports Song" is a perfect spoof of high school style marching band "ra ra ra ra" songs that get played at sports events.
2719;5;:)  just as funny today as he was with 'eat it'!!
2719;6;:)  just as funny today as he was with 'eat it'!!
2719;7;This is album is a great listen on a long boring car ride .
2719;8;Google the lyrics as you play this one to appreciate just how brilliant it is.
2719;9;Mandatory Fun is an amazing Weird Al album that fans of his absolutely need to pick up.
2719;10;This CD firmly cements Al not just as a great parody artiste but also as a social commentator...Aside from the music, I love the title and the pseudo-totalitarian artwork in the booklet.
2712;1;It won't matter if you are a country western fan of not you will enjoy this CD, it's really very good.
2712;2;With a laid-back ensemble of country-music performers, Nelson brings his unadorned singing style to ten of the most accessible standards, from the title cut to another Hoagy Carmichael classic, "Georgia on My Mind," and Irving Berlin's optimistic "Blue Skies."
2712;3;It won't matter if you are a country western fan of not you will enjoy this CD, it's really very good.
2712;4;The Stardust album really demonstrates Willie's vocal capabilities, which are impressive.
2712;5;The Stardust album really demonstrates Willie's vocal capabilities, which are impressive.
2712;6;I love to listen to little Willie Nelson while cleaning house.
2712;7;The Stardust album really demonstrates Willie's vocal capabilities, which are impressive.
2712;8;The Stardust album really demonstrates Willie's vocal capabilities, which are impressive.
2712;9;Its fun to own something so special and so pertinent to Willie's career.
2712;10;My wife loves the songs from this album
2713;1;1&2 cd collection of all joels greatest hits is a fantastic cd and i allso enjoy 100% of all billy joels songs since i own every cd album by billy joel and i'm also a billy joel fan!!!!!!!!
2713;2;From the sad ballads to the uptempo dance songs, this album is  Billy Joel's best.
2713;3;When the CD came out and I bought that, though, it wsan't quite as good.
2713;4;The CD has some really subpar songs such as "The Entertainer," "Captain Jack," and "She's got a Way."
2713;5;Joel might not be releasing anymore new music as he has shifted his focus to classical music and compositions, but he still tours, and is one of the best concerts to go see.
2713;6;If you were a fan of Billy Joel thru the 1970's and early 80's ("Piano Man", "Turnstiles", "The Stranger", "52nd Street", "Glass Houses", etc), and then lost interest in the 1990's due to the sappy crap he was putting out (like I did), then this "Greatest Hits - Volume I & II" (from 1985) is an easy pick.
2713;7;I listen to this alot in my car and I enjoy it.
2713;8;From the sad ballads to the uptempo dance songs, this album is  Billy Joel's best.
2713;9;From the sad ballads to the uptempo dance songs, this album is  Billy Joel's best.
2713;10;I saw Billy Joel on the Late Show with Jimmy Fallon a couple weeks ago and it reminded me of how much I loved his music when I was much younger.
2714;1;I know you can download it on your ipod, but the actual paper version is easier to read and ideal to peruse while you sit down and enjoy this great collection...It is a slight shame that we don't get to hear the fun openings for shows, such as 'Pop Go the Beatles', which the band recorded specially.
2714;2;Great cd bring on Hollywood bowl  concerts songs are great the sound is a 10 plus no bad things to say
2714;3;Great cd bring on Hollywood bowl  concerts songs are great the sound is a 10 plus no bad things to say
2714;4;This aspect of their personalities shines through on this release.
2714;5;I know you can download it on your ipod, but the actual paper version is easier to read and ideal to peruse while you sit down and enjoy this great collection...It is a slight shame that we don't get to hear the fun openings for shows, such as 'Pop Go the Beatles', which the band recorded specially.
2714;6;Comes housed in a nifty 3-way fold-out digi-pack with an irreplaceable 48-page CD booklet packed with informative liner notes and rarely seen photos.
2714;7;Next to re-incarnation, reviving the Beatles memory in a fresh way by releasing from the BBC vaults live or re-created in- studio versions of the early nuggets that drove the Beatles to the top is magnificent timing to say the least.
2714;8;Great cd bring on Hollywood bowl  concerts songs are great the sound is a 10 plus no bad things to say
2714;9;Most importantly, it is a fun listen.
2714;10;You can hear how the Beatles loved the BBC radio specials as the dialog and the music flow easily on this collection.
2715;1;All of the tracks still receive a good amount of radio play on a regular basis, and with good reason - these songs ROCK.
2715;2;jimmy page does it again the sound quality is amazing 5 stars
2715;3;All of the tracks still receive a good amount of radio play on a regular basis, and with good reason - these songs ROCK.
2715;4;jimmy page does it again the sound quality is amazing 5 stars
2715;5;jimmy page does it again the sound quality is amazing 5 stars
2715;6;If you love Zeppelin, and especially if you love Houses of the Holy...take the plunge.
2715;7;jimmy page does it again the sound quality is amazing 5 stars
2715;8;The guitar, beat, and dub is entirely 1970s reggae, and the lyrical delivery is 1950s doo-wop (whatever happened to Rosie & The Originals written after the lyrics on the album sleeve).
2715;9;Dancing Days has a unique rock sound as well, which makes perfect sense (given the influences in todays music) once you find out that Page and Plant wrote this based on an Indian tune they heard in Bombay (Mumbai).
2715;10;If you love Zeppelin, and especially if you love Houses of the Holy...take the plunge.
2708;1;Good riddance to the boycotters.
2708;2;Andrea is stellar and does such a nice job with these show tunes!
2708;3;I loved this cd and so well done, the songs and music is so relaxing to listen , my thanks to all.
2708;4;Andrea is stellar and does such a nice job with these show tunes!
2708;5;Andrea is stellar and does such a nice job with these show tunes!
2708;6;Andrea is stellar and does such a nice job with these show tunes!
2708;7;Beautiful car music...makes the rush hour traffic disappear!
2708;8;Andrea is stellar and does such a nice job with these show tunes!
2708;9;Andrea is stellar and does such a nice job with these show tunes!
2708;10;I loved this cd and so well done, the songs and music is so relaxing to listen , my thanks to all.
2709;1;Anyway, this is 1 fantastic cd that I could not bare to live  without- every song is good- this is 1 one of those cds you could listen to  forever!
2709;2;5 stars.Somebody's Somebody- a very sweet and sad song.
2709;3;I think it  is a good break-through album.
2709;4;Written by the great Diane Warren, the songs  warm, tender lyrics and Christina's Inspirational voice makes this ballad  one of the best love songs of all time.
2709;5;Written by the great Diane Warren, the songs  warm, tender lyrics and Christina's Inspirational voice makes this ballad  one of the best love songs of all time.
2709;6;Don't worry, parents, it's  clean.
2709;7;Good for listening to in the car.
2709;8;Written by the great Diane Warren, the songs  warm, tender lyrics and Christina's Inspirational voice makes this ballad  one of the best love songs of all time.
2709;9;This CD is just the right mix of fun, dance type music to start your day.
2709;10;It's about a couple who can, for one moment, be fighting, and the next moment be making love.
2710;1;I must say, that Abbey Road record really has some out of center pressing defect (almost inaudible), but it is still a good record and great music.
2710;2;Great not as good as OMR but not bad.
2710;3;Great not as good as OMR but not bad.
2710;4;And the original pressing is amazing, but there is notable distortion on songs like Happiness is a Warm Gun where the sounds hits the upper limit of what they would press back at the time (they were afraid too much bass or drum would pop the needle out of the record groove).
2710;5;Still the best place in the world to shop, without a doubt, but if anyone is reading this they already know that!
2710;6;vinyl looks crisp and clean(sound is crisp and clean also).
2710;7;A great relaxing trip down memory lane.
2710;8;Listening to it from start to finish is a heart racing kaleidoscope of sound and evocative emotion.
2710;9;And the original pressing is amazing, but there is notable distortion on songs like Happiness is a Warm Gun where the sounds hits the upper limit of what they would press back at the time (they were afraid too much bass or drum would pop the needle out of the record groove).
2710;10;If you like vinyl and like the Beatles, or love the Beatles and want to get into vinyl, this set is great.
2711;1;So good to have this collection of his best... particularly happy to have Bloody Mary Morning again!
2711;2;great product and shipping, five staes
2711;3;Good listen over and over.
2711;4;great product and shipping, five staes
2711;5;great product and shipping, five staes
2711;6;great product and shipping, five staes
2711;7;One of my favorite CDs to play when I've driving.
2711;8;great product and shipping, five staes
2711;9;great product and shipping, five staes
2711;10;My daughter loves Willie Nelson and one day would like to meet him(yes, we live in Texas).
2704;1;Other than that, though, this is a good song
2704;2;`No Leaf Clover' one of two previously unheard tracks ( 'Human' being the other and not bad either) is a powerful yet hauntingly lyrical added bonus.
2704;3;We-ird...Until it Sleeps: I like the Load version and this one's pretty good...For Whom the Bell Tolls: A classic that sounds more energetic with the orchestra...Minus Human: It's...not bad.
2704;4;Brings their older songs to a new level.
2704;5;Brings their older songs to a new level.
2704;6;"Outlaw Torn": The orchestra sounds right at home, here.
2704;7;Give it some time,  take it in the car with you for awhile, and most listeners will not only  end up enjoying most of this album, but may find themselves liking some of  the "orchestral versions," better than the originals.
2704;8;The lyrics are a bit difficult  to understand if you're new to Metallica's world, as James voice has  improved, but he also plays with it more, a treat for hardcore fans.
2704;9;James also adds some feeling to the mix with some rants  and laughs, you know he was having fun....
2704;10;Metallica is one of my favorite bands and I love how they completely reinvent themselves every couple of years.
2705;1;Even though they weren't writing a lot of their hits at this point (the studio was having them do songs by outside songwriters for the most part), the music is still really good stuff.
2705;2;Yes, this is another greatest hits compilation, but this time, Heart decided to make this one a double-disc album featuring all of their greatest hits from 1976 to 1995 (DREAMBOAT ANNIE, LITTLE QUEEN, MAGAZINE, DOG & BUTTERFLY, BEBE LE STRANGE, GREATEST HITS LIVE, PRIVATE AUDITION, PASSIONWORKS, HEART, BAD ANIMALS, BRIGADE, ROCK THE HOUSE LIVE!
2705;3;Even though they weren't writing a lot of their hits at this point (the studio was having them do songs by outside songwriters for the most part), the music is still really good stuff.
2705;4;By gathering all these songs onto one set, "The Essential Heart" is also an essential CD of a band that helped alter the sound of the 70's and 80's.
2705;5;By gathering all these songs onto one set, "The Essential Heart" is also an essential CD of a band that helped alter the sound of the 70's and 80's.
2705;6;By gathering all these songs onto one set, "The Essential Heart" is also an essential CD of a band that helped alter the sound of the 70's and 80's.
2705;7;One of my and my 3 year old grandson's favorites to play and sing along to on road trips!
2705;8;Yes, this is another greatest hits compilation, but this time, Heart decided to make this one a double-disc album featuring all of their greatest hits from 1976 to 1995 (DREAMBOAT ANNIE, LITTLE QUEEN, MAGAZINE, DOG & BUTTERFLY, BEBE LE STRANGE, GREATEST HITS LIVE, PRIVATE AUDITION, PASSIONWORKS, HEART, BAD ANIMALS, BRIGADE, ROCK THE HOUSE LIVE!
2705;9;By gathering all these songs onto one set, "The Essential Heart" is also an essential CD of a band that helped alter the sound of the 70's and 80's.
2705;10;I love all their music.
2706;1;Good: FANTASTIC voice, lots of good songs, no innuendo, etc..
2706;2;There isn't a bad song on the CD, and while I loved all of the songs on the CD, my personal favorite was I Survived You - although I loved almost all of the songs.
2706;3;While some of the songs are over-processed and don't allow Clay's strong, clear, and beautiful voice to shine through enough, it is overall a very good CD.
2706;4;He deserves better- and so do his legions of loyal fans...Having now gotten off my soapbox, I can now offer up my opinion on this album.
2706;5;Whoever reads this review, I encourage you to buy this CD and give it a try.
2706;6;After all, one of Clay's most appealing traits is his innocence and down home goodness.
2706;7;I play it on my car all the time and it rocks!
2706;8;He totally plays around with the emotions of the lyrics to bring the listener in, and it works, because this song is amazing.
2706;9;Those who weren't fortunate enough to hear his incredible renditions of Mack the Knife, Bridge Over Troubled Water, Unchained Melody and even Build Me Up Buttercup will find Measure of a Man incredibly uplifting, moving, and yes, even just fun.
2706;10;Full of passionate power ballads, heartbreaking "we can never be together" songs and even a couple light-hearted love songs, plus an encore listing of This is the Night, this CD is definetly proof positive that Clay Aiken has incredible versatility, wide and diverse appeal, strong moral standards and obvious lasting power.
2707;1;Mikael has fun now in the show, he's talkative, and the rest of the band has fun.
2707;2;This time around Opeth may not be as heavy, but it's not as bad as a fan would think...The songs are great the intro features female vocals, and acoustic supremacies.
2707;3;Its a good closer...The bonus DVD edition is highly recommended.
2707;4;Watershed sports some of the best use of vocal effects, best guitar tones and most addictive melodies I've ever heard.
2707;5;Because emotions and feelings are more focused, more true in my views.
2707;6;Opeth are amazing and this album has lots of variety from Heir Apparent, which is their heaviest song to date and their first with no clean vocals.
2707;7;Though not perfect, as exemplified by the album's lackluster closer ("Hex Omega"), it is a solid musical statement, driven by 'kerfeldt's intricate and disciplined songwriting.
2707;8;The tension-and-release aspect that the band has, and that most music should have, is just as great as can be, the songwriting, the music itself, the vocals, lyrics, all about this album is definitely enjoyable.
2707;9;Mikael has fun now in the show, he's talkative, and the rest of the band has fun.
2707;10;As you can tell I love him, but he brings so much more to the band than lopez has since either My Arms... or Still Life.
2701;1;I like Dylan more for his electric sixties days and his experimental seventies days...But songs that span rapidly from sweet, to extreme bitter, to soft, to funny, to fun, to just a good feeling album all done by a guy and his guitar and harp make something that I DARE you not to like.
2701;2;It's a statement to an ex-lover, with a weary, sad tone and such a beautiful melody.
2701;3;I like Dylan more for his electric sixties days and his experimental seventies days...But songs that span rapidly from sweet, to extreme bitter, to soft, to funny, to fun, to just a good feeling album all done by a guy and his guitar and harp make something that I DARE you not to like.
2701;4;The years repute Dylan in this debate.
2701;5;Suffering from the six month absence of his girlfriend, Suze Rotolo, who focused Dylan's Guthrie-esque love for the "underdog" into a compassion for the civil rights movement, is very much at the center of this album.
2701;6;All of the songs are practically flawless and you can listen to this album over and over and over again and all the time too
2701;7;All of the songs are practically flawless and you can listen to this album over and over and over again and all the time too
2701;8;One listening to this album will feel a broad range of emotions and will have much to think about, because Bob's lyrics, as most know, are one of a kind and among the best, if not the best, ever penned.
2701;9;There are only two covers this time around, and they're both well-done: "Corrina, Corrina" (with brushed drums) is heartbroken, and "Honey, Just Allow Me One More Chance" is engaging and fun.
2701;10;Suffering from the six month absence of his girlfriend, Suze Rotolo, who focused Dylan's Guthrie-esque love for the "underdog" into a compassion for the civil rights movement, is very much at the center of this album.
2700;1;2008 has so far been a pretty good year for good old fashioned heavy metal.
2700;2;Easily one of the best "true blue" thrash releases of the new millennium, this fine effort is filled with great riffs and even greater solos.
2700;3;2008 has so far been a pretty good year for good old fashioned heavy metal.
2700;4;Definitely a top three album from these boys.
2700;5;Definitely a top three album from these boys.
2700;6;Chuck Billy vocal is just as strong as in Gathering, he always deliver no matter clean or growl.
2700;7;Definitely a top three album from these boys.
2700;8;This is another Testament great, lyrics,musicianship do not pass this album up you will enjoy it if you own and love any other Testament albums this will not disappoint!!!
2700;9;Perfect for your next Testament karaoke party.....The documentary is essentially raw studio footage taken with a Handycam, edited without narrative or interviews.
2700;10;This is another Testament great, lyrics,musicianship do not pass this album up you will enjoy it if you own and love any other Testament albums this will not disappoint!!!
2703;1;This is a very good compilation of his hits.
2703;2;Also "Mother" and  "Jealous Guy" are both present and are simple ballads that yearn  with lots of love and pain.
2703;3;This is a very good compilation of his hits.
2703;4;I recommend this to any Beatles fan or Lennon fan.
2703;5;It will remind you of the passages we've been through, and the focus we need to keep in these trying times.
2703;6;The quality of these recordings is clear and clean, with no stupid buzzing or clicking in the background.
2703;7;I love the cassette as that is all I can play in my  olden day car!
2703;8;The slip thing has some nice photos and details on the songs in this collection...no included lyrics but, it's fine.
2703;9;It's imaginative (no pun intended) -- it's clear, it's fun, it's perfect.
2703;10;Always loved John Lennon's work.
2702;1;love the first 4 tracks from the radio, and then i was surprised to find even more good music that the rock stations won't play becuase its slower with more feelings.
2702;2;i recommend the cover albums also that came out about the same time this album did.
2702;3;love the first 4 tracks from the radio, and then i was surprised to find even more good music that the rock stations won't play becuase its slower with more feelings.
2702;4;Album is awesome & gym worthy!
2702;5;Also, Lzzy Hale, in addition to having one of the best singing voices I've heard, is also admittedly pretty hot, and her nickname "Lzzy" (which I read was based off of Ozzy) also reminds me of a Terry Pratchett quote:.
2702;6;i recommend the cover albums also that came out about the same time this album did.
2702;7;She's got some massive pipes and can pump out tracks that either get you driving to fast or can make you think of times past.
2702;8;The female singer is great with her angry female lyrics.
2702;9;Lots of kick-butt songs, party songs and some nice ballads.
2702;10;So I really appreciate that Halestorm and Amazon make both available - my kids loved the couple of songs they heard so far and now I'm happy to let them listen to the whole thing.)
2697;1;It's that good, the whole track is crazy.
2697;2;And believe me its hard to do so as the stregth of the track is quite phenomenal... Another track to look out for is "Bad Girl" which is just superb.
2697;3;I don't know the magnitude of the relationship between Usher and Chilly, but something good has come out of something bad and that is existence of truth.
2697;4;It has a great sound that stood the test of time,people still play songs from this album everywhere from sporting events to the clubs.
2697;5;Usher's vocals combined with Rich ("Crazy In Love") Harrison's production forms a winning combination.
2697;6;Usher's vocals combined with Rich ("Crazy In Love") Harrison's production forms a winning combination.
2697;7;I listen to this alot in my car and I enjoy it.
2697;8;"Confessions" has great vocal performances, lyrics and production.
2697;9;Usher, "Confessions", is filled with great R&B tracks, from enjoyable dance songs ("Yeah!"
2697;10;But when Confessions was released
2696;1;This is just an awesome amazing perfect good great song.
2696;2;and my favorite "Number 13" which sounds like a blue print for the soft/hard style that Kurt Cobain perfected with Nirvana...I write a lot of reviews and rarely give 5 stars because not all cds can be perfect.
2696;3;The lyrics are so good you'll be singing them in your sleep.
2696;4;The Pixies were one of the best bands of the 80's and all four of their full length albums were excellent, this one being their masterpiece.
2696;5;It's definitely a strength of the album that it's so tightly focused.
2696;6;There was a great pawn shop by my house that introduced me to a lot of fantastic CDs that people just listened to and tossed for some extra cash.
2696;7;I played it to death in my bedroom day and night, it got played to death in the car when first I started driving, it got played to death in college and it still gets played to this day.
2696;8;In a nutshell, insanity turned up a notch with unintelligible lyrics and  the best melodies this side of the atlantic.
2696;9;It's always fun watching the live videos of this too.
2696;10;I just love this song.
2699;1;I like Dylan more for his electric sixties days and his experimental seventies days...But songs that span rapidly from sweet, to extreme bitter, to soft, to funny, to fun, to just a good feeling album all done by a guy and his guitar and harp make something that I DARE you not to like.
2699;2;It's a statement to an ex-lover, with a weary, sad tone and such a beautiful melody.
2699;3;The lyrics are, of course, as good as you've heard, and while Dylan's vocals aren't great from a technical standpoint, they certainly are from an emotional one.
2699;4;Sure, the decade had been underway since 1960, but with this release we finally get the Dylan that will change the face of popular music.
2699;5;This started off the most creative period in Bob's songwriting career - Bob has said in articles I've read that during this time he was writing 5 songs every night!
2699;6;All of the songs are practically flawless and you can listen to this album over and over and over again and all the time too
2699;7;All of the songs are practically flawless and you can listen to this album over and over and over again and all the time too
2699;8;One listening to this album will feel a broad range of emotions and will have much to think about, because Bob's lyrics, as most know, are one of a kind and among the best, if not the best, ever penned.
2699;9;There are only two covers this time around, and they're both well-done: "Corrina, Corrina" (with brushed drums) is heartbroken, and "Honey, Just Allow Me One More Chance" is engaging and fun.
2699;10;Suffering from the six month absence of his girlfriend, Suze Rotolo, who focused Dylan's Guthrie-esque love for the "underdog" into a compassion for the civil rights movement, is very much at the center of this album.
2698;1;This is a cd for people who appreciate good music, and enjoy listening to songs that have more meaning that "I want to get in her pants" or "She broke up with me and now I am sad".
2698;2;This is a cd for people who appreciate good music, and enjoy listening to songs that have more meaning that "I want to get in her pants" or "She broke up with me and now I am sad".
2698;3;Pretty good, although it's a bit long and drags on.
2698;4;It seems like it could mean so much... It's a great song to try and interpret your own way.
2698;5;Read the lyrics and see the passion and work that the band has put in, even if you don't agree with their ideas.
2698;6;Listening to it the day it came out at my friend Ben's house, and I heard that industrial break down thing, and I had to change my pants, I'm not kidding, it's awesome.
2698;7;Their last track especially with Davey's intense hoarse screaming which is so emotionally driven it's almost tearful, and the chorus is repeated at the end of the song with a beautiful choir which beckons you into a darkened, and lonely atmosphere fraught with pain and agony.
2698;8;The Leaving Song - A totally heartfelt acoustic song where Davey pours his emotions into his lyrics with just an acoustic guitar playing beautifully.
2698;9;Well, this album isn't a sellout cd, it's just playable proof that a band can and will mature throughout their years, and attempt at making something thats down to earth and real, instead of kiddy and fun.
2698;10;My girlfriend loves "AFI" she listens to it all the time in the car the CD was in perfect condition
2693;1;I enjoy his cd's and his gospel cd's are really good.
2693;2;Never have known him to put out a bad album and this one is exceptional as usual.
2693;3;Alan Jackson's voice is so good on these hymns.
2693;4;Highly recommend it - wish it had a DVD also.
2693;5;Highly recommend it - wish it had a DVD also.
2693;6;Highly recommend it - wish it had a DVD also.
2693;7;I play it all the time in the car and love it!
2693;8;Never have known him to put out a bad album and this one is exceptional as usual.
2693;9;Highly recommend it - wish it had a DVD also.
2693;10;Love to listen to him.
2692;1;Enjoy it for what it is, fun punk rock.
2692;2;Catchy hooks, stronger harmonies than previous works and a well-harnessed angst for the pains of growing up are what make this album a regular beginning to end spinner in my CD player.
2692;3;The vocals are really good with a catchy guitar riff.
2692;4;In my opinion, it is one of blink's greatest songs.
2692;5;In my opinion, it is one of blink's greatest songs.
2692;6;A very good song about some of the troubles of leaving home for colleges.
2692;7;I really like this album, and think it's going to be great for the summer, the songs are fresh, light hearted and fun, and are going to be great if your out driving, with the top down (or something like that anyway).
2692;8;Great vocal part by Mark in the middle of the song and the lyrics in the last verse are really rad.
2692;9;Blink 182 is all about having fun and going to parties.
2692;10;Really cool lyrics, a romantic feel to it.
2695;1;His songs are getting even better with every CD he does, they are all good.
2695;2;He is very deserving of any award he receives.
2695;3;His songs are getting even better with every CD he does, they are all good.
2695;4;He is very deserving of any award he receives.
2695;5;He is very deserving of any award he receives.
2695;6;I was not familiar with Blake before I bought this I just remembered the song Home,  but it is packed with hits I love it
2695;7;This cd always stays in my car and gets played all the time.
2695;8;Blake has become my favorite Country singer and this album really meets all my expectations of his talent and ability to put feeling into the lyrics of each song.
2695;9;Blake is always fun to listen to.
2695;10;I was not familiar with Blake before I bought this I just remembered the song Home,  but it is packed with hits I love it
2694;1;Good sound quality, some alternate takes of songs I know and some uniquely new and fun stuff I've never heard...This guy was just beginning to achieve his potential when he died.
2694;2;Very good, not a re-hash of previous material, sound is pretty raw but not bad - very impressive.
2694;3;Very good, not a re-hash of previous material, sound is pretty raw but not bad - very impressive.
2694;4;Sure, to be perfectly intellectually honest, hes hardly as talented and flexible as his niece, Jennie Hendrix, but hes always been a really great studio musician.
2694;5;I've been since its release listening to all things Hendrix - original albums, The Cry Of Love, War Heroes, bootlegs, even the excellent Crash Landing and its dubious overdubs.....The focus on People, Hell And Angels is on stuff Hendrix recorded outside the Experience and quite a lot of it brings out the funk and soul of the incredible Band Of Gypsys.
2694;6;The cd has a clean, bright sound - good job on the production!
2694;7;I especially like Mojo Man, its a trip back in time, Incredible talent and this release shows us depth and insight into the Legendary Jimi Hendrix .
2694;8;Very good, not a re-hash of previous material, sound is pretty raw but not bad - very impressive.
2694;9;Good sound quality, some alternate takes of songs I know and some uniquely new and fun stuff I've never heard...This guy was just beginning to achieve his potential when he died.
2694;10;Jimi is still the best guitar player that I recognize, this is a new stuff from old sessions, a tribute for the love and passion.
2689;1;My highlights are The Rip, Machine Gun and Silence but they're all good.
2689;2;It is human...If you are not a believer, or if you are new and willing, this album will become welcome like the beautiful side of a reluctant addiction to pain medication...I challenge you to respect it...All hail this great time of change!
2689;3;My highlights are The Rip, Machine Gun and Silence but they're all good.
2689;4;My highlights are The Rip, Machine Gun and Silence but they're all good.
2689;5;My highlights are The Rip, Machine Gun and Silence but they're all good.
2689;6;My highlights are The Rip, Machine Gun and Silence but they're all good.
2689;7;album by Portishead, one of the 90s' top trip hop bands, although from what I can tell it's not very close to what that sounds like.
2689;8;The lyrics are another story, and you can be the judge as to the deeper meanings of this and other tracks.
2689;9;She contributes little to the record compositionally and melodically, but remove her and obliterate a sizable chunk of Third's emotional punch...The members of Portishead are noted experimentalists, but they don't just make cool sounds for fun.
2689;10;Love the eerie female vocals and electronic style.
2688;1;All 13 songs are great and take you on a real adventure you'll want to take over and over again..."Kiss With A Fist" is shockingly violent but catchy and punkrock energetic, and great fun all at the same time..."Rabbit Heart (Raise It Up)" could be song of the year...such an uplifting masterpiece overflowing with emotion that first time I heard it, I felt like my heart was going to explode when the chorus hit!!
2688;2;There are a few lines that need some smoothing out, but not badly enough to distract...And the instrumentation from The Machine is a gorgeous accompaniment -- lots of rich, swirling instrumentals and straight-ahead rock'n'roll, usually depending on Robert Ackroyd's strong electric guitar and Christopher Lloyd Hayden's solid drumming.
2688;3;The WHOLE album is good.
2688;4;There are a few lines that need some smoothing out, but not badly enough to distract...And the instrumentation from The Machine is a gorgeous accompaniment -- lots of rich, swirling instrumentals and straight-ahead rock'n'roll, usually depending on Robert Ackroyd's strong electric guitar and Christopher Lloyd Hayden's solid drumming.
2688;5;I love it - you can read detailed reviews on the songs them selves in other reviews.
2688;6;This CD is good for hanging around the house or rocking out in the car.
2688;7;I also enjoy the content, with references to werewolves, ghosts, and a boy who builds coffins...Many of the tunes are catchy, and worthy of major chair dancing while driving in the car.
2688;8;All 13 songs are great and take you on a real adventure you'll want to take over and over again..."Kiss With A Fist" is shockingly violent but catchy and punkrock energetic, and great fun all at the same time..."Rabbit Heart (Raise It Up)" could be song of the year...such an uplifting masterpiece overflowing with emotion that first time I heard it, I felt like my heart was going to explode when the chorus hit!!
2688;9;An especially fun one is "Kiss With A Fist," a blazing punky tune that celebrates rough'n'passionate relationships ("You hit me once, I hit you back/you gave a kick, I gave a slap/you crashed a plate over my head/and I set fire to our bed!")
2688;10;Outstanding...***edit-- I loved this cd so much that I went and bought the couple songs on the deluxe version because I had to have more.
2691;1;Regardless, this was a very influential album for many people,it brought AFI legions of new fans
2691;2;Their last track especially with Davey's intense hoarse screaming which is so emotionally driven it's almost tearful, and the chorus is repeated at the end of the song with a beautiful choir which beckons you into a darkened, and lonely atmosphere fraught with pain and agony.
2691;3;I get goose bumps from the videos also, they are that good.
2691;4;At the end is a cool acoustic riff.
2691;5;The lyrics are worthwhile to read and commit to memory, dark and almost poetic at times.
2691;6;but home is nowhere - Is a good song with Davey starting singing beautiful melody and then as the music builds the intensity in his voice does also.
2691;7;My girlfriend loves "AFI" she listens to it all the time in the car the CD was in perfect condition
2691;8;The Leaving Song - A totally heartfelt acoustic song where Davey pours his emotions into his lyrics with just an acoustic guitar playing beautifully.
2691;9;Jade Puget is a very skilled guitar player, and he even has a solo in "Dancing through Sunday".
2691;10;My girlfriend loves "AFI" she listens to it all the time in the car the CD was in perfect condition
2690;1;If you enjoy good music (people that can actually sing/wrote their own music and without all that auto-tune production crap), then you will love The Civil Wars.
2690;2;Folk,blue grass, idie style music.
2690;3;I play this one when I'm feeling jangled and need some musical help to calm down and it never disappoints...There is something special when you find two completely different voices that sound so good together.
2690;4;It really takes you away to a different world.
2690;5;I'm really surprised I've never read or heard any other reviews draw that comparison.
2690;6;I waited and unwrapped it for my trip home by car after Christmas, and I just could not stop listening to it, a days drive!!!
2690;7;I waited and unwrapped it for my trip home by car after Christmas, and I just could not stop listening to it, a days drive!!!
2690;8;The lyrics are so touching and you can imagine what they sing.
2690;9;It really takes you away to a different world.
2690;10;Wow, it is hard to find words for how much I love this couple's music.
2810;1;Good sound, great variety of Johnny's songs.
2810;2;In between, you get other signature Cash favorites like "Folsom Prison Blues," "I Walk The Line," "Ring Of Fire," and Cash's duet with his beloved wife June Carter, "Jackson."
2810;3;Good sound, great variety of Johnny's songs.
2810;4;In between, you get other signature Cash favorites like "Folsom Prison Blues," "I Walk The Line," "Ring Of Fire," and Cash's duet with his beloved wife June Carter, "Jackson."
2810;5;In between, you get other signature Cash favorites like "Folsom Prison Blues," "I Walk The Line," "Ring Of Fire," and Cash's duet with his beloved wife June Carter, "Jackson."
2810;6;In between, you get other signature Cash favorites like "Folsom Prison Blues," "I Walk The Line," "Ring Of Fire," and Cash's duet with his beloved wife June Carter, "Jackson."
2810;7;This was added to my truck listening and is perfect for driving.
2810;8;The song wraps you up in its raw emotion and nearly overwhelms you.
2810;9;Great overall sample of Cash with some interesting and fun covers.
2810;10;Love the song Johnny does w/U2.
2811;1;I do believe that it didn't really mean a whole heck of a lot but to make fun at society, his audience and himself.
2811;2;For the band, it had to be a  beast to play, especially live.
2811;3;Another final final note: Tull is still on the road, so please please please take some time to go see this historic rock group before the guys grow too weary of the life and close down the show for good!
2811;4;For the band, it had to be a  beast to play, especially live.
2811;5;For the band, it had to be a  beast to play, especially live.
2811;6;After hearing an interview with Ian Anderson and his playing cuts from his new solo release, The  Secret Language of Birds, while driving home from work.
2811;7;After hearing an interview with Ian Anderson and his playing cuts from his new solo release, The  Secret Language of Birds, while driving home from work.
2811;8;Yet this adds to rather than detracting from the piece, complimenting the image of fearless youth unencumbered by expectation that is further developed in the lyrics.
2811;9;I do believe that it didn't really mean a whole heck of a lot but to make fun at society, his audience and himself.
2811;10;Any way I love this CD and if you are a Toll fan should buy it.
2808;1;That said I have replaced all my Neil albums over & over, this album is constantly played or on various playlists, it's so freaking good!
2808;2;This is somewhere I want to be.
2808;3;That said I have replaced all my Neil albums over & over, this album is constantly played or on various playlists, it's so freaking good!
2808;4;While Neil's electric guitar workouts rule the day here, especially on the album's most celebrated tracks, the moodiness that is an integral part of his best releases is still on display.
2808;5;The song writing and the vocals are more focused.
2808;6;the rest NM and every single LP looks if never touched bu human hands , is packed so well and clean.
2808;7;*Cinnamon Girl* is also a great work, as is *Cowgirl in the Sand*...It is a great album to keep in your car, but all of the songs are on the *Decade* album which is actually a better value...Neil is criticized for his voice, which many people say can grate on you.
2808;8;Relatively simple lyric, nice tune and guitar playing which expresses such a mixture of emotions at once ecstatic yet at the same time so frustrated.
2808;9;But even then, that song is a very fun, enjoyable piece
2808;10;We snagged it from her big brother who loved giving us the latest albums, he's still a dear friend!
2809;1;These seven songs: Good Times Roll, My Best Friends Girl, Just What I Needed, You're All I've Got Tonight, Bye Bye Love (not the Everly Bros song), Moving In, and All Mixed Up, were all great dance songs, fun to drive to (natch), and well produced.
2809;2;On one of the very greatest nights of my life, my best friend/guitarist and our lady singer decided that they had had ENOUGH of my "pain," my "angst," whatever, due to a divorce earlier that year.
2809;3;"Good Times Roll", "My Best Friend's Girl", and "Just What I Needed" were the singles released from this album.
2809;4;Go for the double disc deluxe set, which sports a great remaster.
2809;5;I found myself hearing details that I never heard before, and I was not really focusing on where each instrument was coming from in regards to the sound stage.
2809;6;Bass is tight, drums are full of dynamic range, guitars 'jangle" as they should, and the keyboards are clean and crisp.
2809;7;The closest corollary is Teenage Fanclub (another band that has created some of my favorite driving music), Fountains Of Wayne (of course) and Canadian band Sloan...The Cars' first disc is the driving album that every generation ought to have, full of good poppy rockin fun with an ever-so-slightly-twisted perspective (arched eyebrows at the ready) that allows you to still feel smart while singing along.
2809;8;The beat, the synth spots are spot on and sound great, Osacek's lyrics are awesome and Orr's vocals are even better.
2809;9;These seven songs: Good Times Roll, My Best Friends Girl, Just What I Needed, You're All I've Got Tonight, Bye Bye Love (not the Everly Bros song), Moving In, and All Mixed Up, were all great dance songs, fun to drive to (natch), and well produced.
2809;10;Almost every song was a hit but it is nice to hear them in the order they were intended as a couple of them blend into the next one in interesting ways.
2814;1;"Rhinestone Cowboy" and "Southern Nights" are two songs that bring back happy memories of my childhood in the seventies.
2814;2;Sad that's he now has Alzheimer's.
2814;3;Good music to drive and sing along with.
2814;4;This is the first and only song that I remember about having a dedication to a job.
2814;5;This is the first and only song that I remember about having a dedication to a job.
2814;6;This is the first and only song that I remember about having a dedication to a job.
2814;7;Good music to drive and sing along with.
2814;8;I can relate to the lyrics a lot.
2814;9;This is the first and only song that I remember about having a dedication to a job.
2814;10;"Wichita Lineman" is a song is a great song about being in love.
2815;1;I don't follow modern music very much
2815;2;i love this album, the lyrics ar very unique (i think they would of been better without all the bad words) but the songs are good and catchy.
2815;3;i love this album, the lyrics ar very unique (i think they would of been better without all the bad words) but the songs are good and catchy.
2815;4;Fun songs to workout to as well!!
2815;5;This whole CD has some good music on it!
2815;6;This whole CD has some good music on it!
2815;7;Fun really has some powerful song lyrics and great music to drive to if you ever want to jam or just think while you're on the road.
2815;8;i love this album, the lyrics ar very unique (i think they would of been better without all the bad words) but the songs are good and catchy.
2815;9;It's so fun to dance to or just to go walking to with it pounding through your headphones.
2815;10;This is a great album...had only heard a couple of songs that a friend shared with me and was surprised that I loved the whole album!
2812;1;The song lacks the emotion of any of the tracks he previously produced on Ray Of Light, but the fun and high-energy choruses, bassline and beats make up for it.
2812;2;"I Deserve It" is beautiful and sad.
2812;3;I love the drum beat and just the music overall and the lyrics are also really good.
2812;4;The video is really cool and as always, she still looks great after all these years.
2812;5;The video is really cool and as always, she still looks great after all these years.
2812;6;It is a departure that is still close enough to have a clear glimpse of home.
2812;7;It's fun, upbeat and will get you through any long road trip drive.
2812;8;I love the drum beat and just the music overall and the lyrics are also really good.
2812;9;"Everybody," "Holiday," "Dress You Up" - all were fun and freeing anthems that begged their listeners to "dance and sing, get up and do your thing."
2812;10;I love the drum beat and just the music overall and the lyrics are also really good.
2813;1;rec'd cd within timely manner and in good condition.
2813;2;No two songs are alike, they are each unique and each have a message of positivity.
2813;3;Her voice puts me at peace when I need to relax, read, or study.
2813;4;No two songs are alike, they are each unique and each have a message of positivity.
2813;5;Her voice puts me at peace when I need to relax, read, or study.
2813;6;Caribbean Blue and Only Time...The CD/DVD packaging is excellent
2813;7;Good for meditation o driving the car.
2813;8;This Irish songstress can move you to tears with her beautiful haunting melody and lyrics.
2813;9;No two songs are alike, they are each unique and each have a message of positivity.
2813;10;Boyfriend and I both love her music
2802;1;This album was a good introduction to his electric work...though I still enjoy his early acoustic works the best, 'Highway 61 Revisited' has become one of my favorites...If you have not heard 'Bringing It All Back Home' yet, buy this album immediately...5/5
2802;2;His words are amusing, powerful, sad, and, oftentimes a call to action.
2802;3;He sings about it all....God....the jews....the rest of the world...the good, the bad and the ugly....the innocent the weak...the rich, the poor....every one in every walk of life.....he's in a class all of his own and will go down in history as one of the most celebrated and appreciated artists of our time.
2802;4;Every song is great one of top 5 albums of all time
2802;5;'She Belongs To Me' follows - a ballad about a woman and a man...I have read the song is about Joan Baez.
2802;6;It's nice to hear the clean mono sound again.
2802;7;Many will say that this is Dylan at his finest, placing the artist into an uncomfortable categorization or time capsule, but he would continue to produce highly creative and innovative work both with The Band and The Traveling Wilburys, as well as via his solo career throughout the 1970's and 80's.
2802;8;His words are amusing, powerful, sad, and, oftentimes a call to action.
2802;9;I also consider this my favorite album of all time by any artist because of the division between the two forms, making this album even more fun to listen to!
2802;10;I bought this CD for my sons Bday, and I am very satisfied with how fast it was shipped to me and I know he is going to really love it!
2803;1;Miss him and was happy to buy cd.
2803;2;The song Morphine is awesome it has a fantastic rhythym and beat, although the content is sad especially now that he is gone, makes you wonder if he was really singing about himself.
2803;3;This is a good record.
2803;4;I also notice that "Ghosts: and "Is It Scary" sound just alike.
2803;5;I also notice that "Ghosts: and "Is It Scary" sound just alike.
2803;6;Well, he's loved and appreciated in our home and I hope he's finally found peace in death.
2803;7;It's a long mix of songs great for driving long distances--i love it
2803;8;The song Morphine is awesome it has a fantastic rhythym and beat, although the content is sad especially now that he is gone, makes you wonder if he was really singing about himself.
2803;9;Wow,this mix tape is hot,the.beats and the late King of Pop sounds will make you wanna dance!
2803;10;Love it and love him.
2800;1;The playing is fantastic, the songwriting is topnotch, and the production is almost as good as the first album (which I absolutely love!)
2800;2;There is a quality to Ozzy's inimitable voice that conveys real pain and heartfelt emotion and the understated keyboard and strings accompaniment here is mesmerising.
2800;3;Many will argue that Sabbath Bloody Sabbath and Sabotage are the best from the Grandfathers of Metal, and with good reason.
2800;4;(Indeed, the version of "Into  the Void" on the "Reunion" disc is far superior to the  original.)
2800;5;As a result, heavy songs often contain soft and melodic verses or bridges, and some of the work on the album is a lot softer, with more of a focus on melody and feeling than on previous albums.
2800;6;(Indeed, the version of "Into  the Void" on the "Reunion" disc is far superior to the  original.)
2800;7;The first half closes with the spectacular Supernaut, an epic about space travel.
2800;8;Both have unforgettable melodies, breathtaking  guitar lines and meaningful lyrics sung well.
2800;9;I thought that just by listening to this, I was going to Hell...How fun it all was!
2800;10;I love the sustained doom of Paranoid and Black Sabbath, but this one, when it's on, is just full tilt boogie.
2801;1;Its all good and all in fun.
2801;2;Just get this record and enjoy it, you will not be sad that you did.
2801;3;Lots of good music here!
2801;4;A fantastic *reissue* and *remastered* edition of this 1990 release.
2801;5;If any parents are reading, please continue.
2801;6;Bravo on the clean and quiet pressing!
2801;7;Slayer has created a masterpiece with the agression and speed of reign in blood and(for the stoners) the spooky tripped out guitar melodys of south of heaven.
2801;8;The lyrics are dark and intelligent.
2801;9;Its all good and all in fun.
2801;10;1990 and the surrounding couple of years make up a Golden Age of metal.
2806;1;I have been enjoying Georges music since the 1980's and this has all the great ones I grew up listening too and enjoyed dancing too.
2806;2;I Am A Dj and this is the best place to get music and it is always as reported never gotten a bad cd
2806;3;But other than that, lots of good songs.
2806;4;George Strait gives his fans an early Christmas gift with this fabulous collection of his best and a glimpse of what's surely yet to come.
2806;5;George Strait gives his fans an early Christmas gift with this fabulous collection of his best and a glimpse of what's surely yet to come.
2806;6;Glad I found this one and have been enjoying the "clean" recordings it offers on my surround-sound system.
2806;7;All it took was playing the cds in the car for a bout 2 weeks and I got hooked.
2806;8;I Am A Dj and this is the best place to get music and it is always as reported never gotten a bad cd
2806;9;George Strait gives his fans an early Christmas gift with this fabulous collection of his best and a glimpse of what's surely yet to come.
2806;10;It is in high demand by all of Georges fans:) My advice is if you love George buy it!
2807;1;This is a tight group with good vocals.
2807;2;With all these recognizable influences, the songwriting still manages to be fresh.
2807;3;This is a tight group with good vocals.
2807;4;With all these recognizable influences, the songwriting still manages to be fresh.
2807;5;With all these recognizable influences, the songwriting still manages to be fresh.
2807;6;With all these recognizable influences, the songwriting still manages to be fresh.
2807;7;it's a fun album to drive to if you like to cruise.
2807;8;This band has a really good lyric sense.
2807;9;it's a fun album to drive to if you like to cruise.
2807;10;With a singer happily described by another reviewer as the love child of Otis Redding and Janis Joplin, Alabama Shakes is the most promising new band I have heard in a long time...PLAY IT LOUD!!
2804;1;I love their lyrics to their songs
2804;2;Too Late For Love, which is a somber track that is very reflective on the pains of fruitless relationships and personal baggage.
2804;3;The intro always sends chills down my spine, and that's a good thing.
2804;4;"Stagefright," for example, opens with a wild Elliott screaming, "I said ah welcome to my shooooooow!
2804;5;Pyromania is a focused, confident, and technically sound album.
2804;6;Bassist Rick Savage and drummer Rick Allen create a rock solid rhythm section in the vein of AC/DC and add to the proceedings without drawing too much attention to themselves...Producer Robert "Mutt" Lange would contribue to a co-writer on most tracks in addition to adding a very clean and crips sheen to all of the tracks.
2804;7;Pyromania is a great album to crank up in your car, or in your room playing the air guitar.
2804;8;I love their lyrics to their songs
2804;9;But "Pyromania" excels at what it intends to be: a fun rock record.
2804;10;For all its speed and heavy metal thunder, "Stagefright" is ultimately a romantic song that captures the band on the cusp of superstardom, simply dealing with the pressure of going on stage night after night and doing well.
2805;1;All good, I am happy customer : )
2805;2;In fact, as this CD has played almost constantly since I bought it, I have found myself listening to the newer songs much more than the older ones which won Grammys and an Oscar.
2805;3;People will realize that Christopher Cross' music is still relevant, soothing, deeply relaxing, and classic because it holds up even in today's standards.
2805;4;In fact, as this CD has played almost constantly since I bought it, I have found myself listening to the newer songs much more than the older ones which won Grammys and an Oscar.
2805;5;In fact, as this CD has played almost constantly since I bought it, I have found myself listening to the newer songs much more than the older ones which won Grammys and an Oscar.
2805;6;In fact, as this CD has played almost constantly since I bought it, I have found myself listening to the newer songs much more than the older ones which won Grammys and an Oscar.
2805;7;This one CD has what most fans remember as being his good stuff...It makes for a pleasant drive.
2805;8;In fact, as this CD has played almost constantly since I bought it, I have found myself listening to the newer songs much more than the older ones which won Grammys and an Oscar.
2805;9;This is my favourite song on the CD..."Back of my Mind" is upbeat and fun.
2805;10;Bought this for a friend and she loves it and would give it a five, but she loves Barry Manilow too, so....take it in that context.
2795;1;The second album was very good, but took a step back from the amazing debut.
2795;2;"More Than A Feeling", "Don't Look Back", "Long Time", "Cool The Engines", "Amanda" and the rest are FM rock radio staples and classic all.
2795;3;this cd, has the best of boston for sure.the songs are good for relaxing while in bed trying to sleep.
2795;4;"More Than A Feeling", "Don't Look Back", "Long Time", "Cool The Engines", "Amanda" and the rest are FM rock radio staples and classic all.
2795;5;Also included are great liner notes and it's fun to read his commentary of the tracks he selected.
2795;6;Still smiling around the house.
2795;7;With only one slow song it is a perfect road trip album.
2795;8;Boston's Greatest Hits is exemplary and the three added songs "Tell Me" "Higher Power" and  "The Star Spangled Banner" are flawless tunes with fine vocals, inspiring lyrics and dynamic guitar.
2795;9;Nobody wants to hear you make fun of this band.
2795;10;I really love Foreplay/Long Time for the awesome guitar playing in the beginning.
2794;1;These seven songs: Good Times Roll, My Best Friends Girl, Just What I Needed, You're All I've Got Tonight, Bye Bye Love (not the Everly Bros song), Moving In, and All Mixed Up, were all great dance songs, fun to drive to (natch), and well produced.
2794;2;On one of the very greatest nights of my life, my best friend/guitarist and our lady singer decided that they had had ENOUGH of my "pain," my "angst," whatever, due to a divorce earlier that year.
2794;3;The song has a feeling of nostalgia, obviously with a name like "Good Times Roll".
2794;4;Go for the double disc deluxe set, which sports a great remaster.
2794;5;Roy Thomas Baker's spare production is gave the band a sharper focus, and made the songs leap from the speakers with a fresh sound.
2794;6;Bass is tight, drums are full of dynamic range, guitars 'jangle" as they should, and the keyboards are clean and crisp.
2794;7;The closest corollary is Teenage Fanclub (another band that has created some of my favorite driving music), Fountains Of Wayne (of course) and Canadian band Sloan...The Cars' first disc is the driving album that every generation ought to have, full of good poppy rockin fun with an ever-so-slightly-twisted perspective (arched eyebrows at the ready) that allows you to still feel smart while singing along.
2794;8;The beat, the synth spots are spot on and sound great, Osacek's lyrics are awesome and Orr's vocals are even better.
2794;9;These seven songs: Good Times Roll, My Best Friends Girl, Just What I Needed, You're All I've Got Tonight, Bye Bye Love (not the Everly Bros song), Moving In, and All Mixed Up, were all great dance songs, fun to drive to (natch), and well produced.
2794;10;This is a classic and loved album as can been seen from the other reviews on this page.
2793;1;Check out, just for fun, lord of light, it will give you a good idea of the playing field level of this album.
2793;2;People with small musical brains want their favorite band to stay the same over the ages, and that's sad.
2793;3;GREATER GOOD... - Best song in the album, a classic right now.
2793;4;A Matter of Life and Death is, quite simply, the best album Iron Maiden has released since 1988's Seventh Son of a Seventh Son.
2793;5;They come back with focused, energized songwriting, great guitar melodies, and a nice and big sound.
2793;6;Very clean sound from Murray, Smith and Gers.
2793;7;Despite the trip into "religiosity", this is their finest playing to date.
2793;8;People with small musical brains want their favorite band to stay the same over the ages, and that's sad.
2793;9;Check out, just for fun, lord of light, it will give you a good idea of the playing field level of this album.
2793;10;Superb playing, phenomenal singing, masterful song writing... everything you love about Maiden... all here!!
2792;1;Easy to listen to and nice to support a good person.
2792;2;The album he created here is nothing short of spectacular because he stayed true to the unique style we all fell in love with.
2792;3;Easy to listen to and nice to support a good person.
2792;4;The album he created here is nothing short of spectacular because he stayed true to the unique style we all fell in love with.
2792;5;The album he created here is nothing short of spectacular because he stayed true to the unique style we all fell in love with.
2792;6;He has a clean clear voice and AI for once didn't over do his vocals on the album.
2792;7;The album he created here is nothing short of spectacular because he stayed true to the unique style we all fell in love with.
2792;8;His songs tell stories, through the lyrics and the emotion of the performances.
2792;9;The album he created here is nothing short of spectacular because he stayed true to the unique style we all fell in love with.
2792;10;The album he created here is nothing short of spectacular because he stayed true to the unique style we all fell in love with.
2799;1;So strong in every song, and so much emotion!
2799;2;I love all these songs from the shows anyway.
2799;3;Very relaxing after a long day of work and makes good background music.
2799;4;I love all these songs from the shows anyway.
2799;5;If jackie ever reads these reviews, I want to thank her for lighting up my life with her music!
2799;6;I love all these songs from the shows anyway.
2799;7;I love all these songs from the shows anyway.
2799;8;So strong in every song, and so much emotion!
2799;9;I love all these songs from the shows anyway.
2799;10;I love all these songs from the shows anyway.
2798;1;CD 2 has some stuff less known to me, but it's all good.
2798;2;ll.TRULY does the blues blue proud.
2798;3;CD 2 has some stuff less known to me, but it's all good.
2798;4;This set of CDs contain a broad view of his work from Cream, Derek and the Dominoes, as well as his solo work.
2798;5;This set of CDs contain a broad view of his work from Cream, Derek and the Dominoes, as well as his solo work.
2798;6;This set of CDs contain a broad view of his work from Cream, Derek and the Dominoes, as well as his solo work.
2798;7;With music from his work with Cream, Blind Faith, Derek & the Dominos, and his solo work, including tracks with B.B. King and J.J. Cale, I found this a great CD to have in my car in addition to all the other Clapton CD's I have...What I enjoy about it most of all is a sense that this is what "he" wanted out on the streets when his autobiography was published.
2798;8;He started recording with John Mayall and the Bluesbreakers (and it really is too bad there's none of that here), so he's an acolyte and devotee of the great American urban bluesmen--and he knows they're better than him.
2798;9;A lot of the songs are great for slow dance.
2798;10;And I love "Riding With the King" with B.B. King and the great covers of Robert Johnson blues tunes "Sweet Home Chicago" and "If I Had Possession..."  These 2 songs just kick!
2797;1;I expected more, but always the music of Justin is really good, for the collection is just perfect if you buy it you will enjoy it.
2797;2;As a matter of fact, this whole album is a testament to Timberlake's overall talent and ear for music...If there is any negatives I have with the album, it's the fact that Timbaland's production can sound too familiar.
2797;3;There are two awesome "extra tracks" on the deluxe version that are really good also, Body Count and Dress On...Overall I give the CD five stars.
2797;4;All the music he's made over the years, including with NSync, all seems to gel to a maturity that I wasn't ready for...The first track alone, "Pusher Love Girl" set the tone to incredible.
2797;5;"That Girl" is a sweetly melodic neo soul type number-led by a fantastic jazzy guitar riff that again places the focus on his singing and melodicism.
2797;6;Consider the song itself foreplay and the `after song' the moment when Timberlake brings it all home...The dirty pop of `Strawberry Bubblegum' and the soul band beauty of `That Girl' mark significant moments on the album where Timberlake adds depth and color to his vision.
2797;7;Great to Play While: Driving, lounging, being around others, at a club
2797;8;Like "Suite & Tie", the lyrics are compelling and the whole melody/lyric combination is effortless...If there was a song that I didn't think I would care for as much it would have been "Spaceship Coupe."
2797;9;Body Count:  Fun upbeat dance song.
2797;10;"Mirrors" is probably one of the most romantic love anthems of the summer.
2796;1;This album is full of emotions, thanks not only to James' superb voice, but also to Kevin Moore's fantastic keyboard's work and the many time signatures achieved by Mike Portnoy on drums.
2796;2;In all honesty, it's a sad topic, but it's delivered in such a beautiful way, this song, though it may actually drag on in some areas, is just dynamic and is a great way to end an album on this level...The great thing about "Images and Words" is that it brings out my reflective, sensetive side, while still being able to also draw out the side of me that can listen to an eight-minute rocker.
2796;3;with superb musicianship combined with the emotional and extremely talented vocals of james labrie (yes, i actually like him, why most people don't i neglect to understand,) this album is just about as good as it gets.
2796;4;A great display of lyrics keep rolling, the instruments fire all of their guns at once (to quote Steppenwolf's "Born To Be Wild") and the song keeps it explosion at large until...everything stops!
2796;5;Lyrically, its focus is to keep faith and spirit and don't give up, hence the lyric, "so die another day".
2796;6;the sound on this album is crisp and clean and there is nothing that they want you to hear that is not heard.
2796;7;Some of their best riffing ever and just a lot of drive.
2796;8;A great display of lyrics keep rolling, the instruments fire all of their guns at once (to quote Steppenwolf's "Born To Be Wild") and the song keeps it explosion at large until...everything stops!
2796;9;Also the song writing is top notch as well dealing with topics not covered in a lot of popular music...If I am in the mood for some fast pace fun rock music this is the one I go to every time.
2796;10;For your enjoyment, get this, as I know you'll love it as much as I do.
2787;1;'She's Electric' is a fun, happy affair.
2787;2;Oasis went on and kind of became something else and it's too bad they couldn't sustain this level of quality and energy, but at least they produced one of those rare albums on which practically every song is a perfect, rock-radio gem.
2787;3;Culminating Brit Pop Rock, with genuinely GOOD songs, Oasis creates  a classic with "What's the Story?"
2787;4;"She's Electric" is a prime example of this approach as is "Cast No Shadow" and the gorgeous, banging "Hey Now", all songs sporting indelible hooks and grand, spacious arrangements.
2787;5;Wonderwall is a thoughtful song, starting with a very soft strumming guitar throughout the entire song, making you focus on the vocals before a cello and soft drumbeat are added into the song.
2787;6;When I returned home, I  just bought the CD and I was hooked with the lads since then.
2787;7;The "untilted" swamp jams are wonderful in the way the flow into "Champange Supernova" making for feel like your going into the peak of an acid trip.
2787;8;Noel's most meaningful lyrics, a great tune, great guitar  playing and a vocal performance by Liam that can only be described as  staggering.
2787;9;This album grabs you  and shakes you and makes you say "hey, this is fun".
2787;10;This cd is beyond words... I cannot express how beautiful and meaningful it is, for the english language cannot do it justice... I love Noel Gallahger, and his supurb song writing combined with Liams voice produces an explosive combo....I highly suggest you listen to this cd (which I consider Oasis's best, as well as one of my all time favorites)... It is amazing, brilliant, and beautiful...
2786;1;Fun, friends and good times, this will bring back a lot of memories.
2786;2;Even "professional" reviewers still cite the spurious story (see Amazon Editorial Review above!)
2786;3;"My Mirage" is a good song.
2786;4;Even "professional" reviewers still cite the spurious story (see Amazon Editorial Review above!)
2786;5;My good friend Sarolta DeFaltay's "Spiritual Bathing" is good to read with this, she contributes a piece to that book.
2786;6;As far back as I can remember, this album was played at our house along with all of our other holiday music.
2786;7;In a Gadda Da Vida is as close to an acid trip on CD as one could hope to have.
2786;8;The best lyrics on the album are found in the Brann-Dorman composition Termination (all the others are penned by Ingle)
2786;9;"Flowers and Beads" is the ultimate in dancing joy and pleasure and makes you happy.
2786;10;only a couple of songs i really love but over all it's a good cd
2785;1;Enjoy his voice and the music is good too, you will not be disappointed.
2785;2;I also liked Heal the Pain which I found very smooth as well as Father Figure which I think is also very meaningful.
2785;3;I Like to listen George Michael songs, very good CD
2785;4;The best slow song on here is "Jesus  to a Child" and the best fast song is "Fastlove".
2785;5;The best slow song on here is "Jesus  to a Child" and the best fast song is "Fastlove".
2785;6;Very few artist sing like this anymore...and if you are a 60's, or 70's baby, you know what I'm talking about...If you have never listened to any of his music, do yourselves a favor, and buy this CD...Pop it in your player at home, sit back and chill....His music will literally put you in a place of calm and at times make you want to get up and dance.....you will not regret it!
2785;7;This trip down memory lane will surely please many listeners.
2785;8;Actually recorded as a three-part suite, we're given Part II here, with different verse lyrics and a bold horn section...certainly not the guilty pleasure you recall dominating radio in the late 80's.
2785;9;The 2nd cd is of his more upbeat dance songs, also aptly titled, "For the Feet".
2785;10;The new songs "Outside", and "A Moment With You"(love the way you weaved that Mtume sample in there George! )
2784;1;Just as I remembered, good work out CD, I will enjoy this until I wear it  out, like my cassette tape
2784;2;Any true blue Def Leppard fan is singing along with this CD from beginning to end.
2784;3;All their old hits get a good amount of  airplay and this CD contains all of those.
2784;4;This album kicks a** and I highly recommend it as a  workout album or to listen to anytime you need a boost of energy!
2784;5;I liked every single song on the album.
2784;6;I liked every single song on the album.
2784;7;"Armageddon it" with a fast car and ride away into the sunset.
2784;8;They were mega-worldwide stars while still very young, and their creativity, lyrics and guitar playing still amaze me after all these years.
2784;9;It's going to the beach to catch some rays - to do a little surfing - and having some fun with your friends.
2784;10;Any fan of classic rock will love this album.
2791;1;I am thoroughly enjoying it.
2791;2;This is the best Barry White collection, it has his best music and a couple of so-so songs.
2791;3;Very good for any CD collection.
2791;4;This is the best Barry White collection, it has his best music and a couple of so-so songs.
2791;5;This is the best Barry White collection, it has his best music and a couple of so-so songs.
2791;6;Any night, whether it's summer nights out with Friends or cold winter nights at home with friends and family, will be transformed into a magical night with this music playing in the background,...I often light some candles and play this music when I have family members or annoying couples arguing.
2791;7;He commands it in a deep baritone voice that can drive the women wild as opposed to those squealing falsetto attempts that never really made it to first base.
2791;8;This is the best Barry White collection, it has his best music and a couple of so-so songs.
2791;9;While never a big fan of disco, I have always liked Barry White's blend of dance music combined with classic R & B, and this 20 - song cd does an excellent job of collecting the best of his unique style of music.
2791;10;Soon couples start holding hands and the arguments vanish as Barry White's healing message of love magically transforms the mood...Mr. White's music is timeless.
2790;1;This is one of those CD's that will sit in your car stereo for months- because you can listen to and enjoy almost every track, even though there may not be that one amazing single (although "By the Way" is quite good).
2790;2;I cannot think of a single bad song on it and I know that there are a lot of and great songs.
2790;3;"Californication" is a very good album, and it began as the neutral ground where the Chilli's began to meld their trademark style with a newer, more musically relaxed, melodic scope.
2790;4;Kiedis's voice has taken a hit over the years, but it comes across with just the right tone for this album.
2790;5;For myself, I find that the best albums always come when Musicians focus on writing well developed songs as opposed to.flashy riffs.
2790;6;Shockingly different, yes, but it is in my assessment the band's masterpiece...The opening title track catches attention immediately, starting with the clean toned chorus and then bursting into the funk/punk verses.
2790;7;This is one of those CD's that will sit in your car stereo for months- because you can listen to and enjoy almost every track, even though there may not be that one amazing single (although "By the Way" is quite good).
2790;8;Certainly the lyric "Shiver for me girl" is a good one!
2790;9;'Cabron' is great fun to listen to, and takes a spanish approach (Guitar Capo 7).
2790;10;Give it a couple listens and you will be addicted.
2789;1;Here is his debut album, almost as good as Nas' classic debut "Illmatic".
2789;2;The song isn't bad but I just feel that "Regrets" ended the album perfectly and "Can I Live II" just ruins the vibe of it.
2789;3;Jay-Z paints an vivid picture of this kind of dangerous life, and manages to give us the good, the bad, and the ugly about being a hustler.
2789;4;Any true hip-hop head would agree that this was Jay-Z's best album and he has yet to match the lyrical intensity of this album.
2789;5;There are many themes that run throughout the album, including focus, determination, and justice.
2789;6;Mine is three...Guest appearances also come clean as well.
2789;7;This is the cat that went from selling cds out of the back of his car, to hiphops most well known name today.
2789;8;The lyrics are perfect and the melody is just beautiful...Too bad he stopped making music like this.
2789;9;Any true hip-hop head would agree that this was Jay-Z's best album and he has yet to match the lyrical intensity of this album.
2789;10;I love "Ain't No Nigga" and Foxy Brown does a classic job.
2788;1;I would recommend this CD to anyone who enjoys good music, then ladies voices will do the rest!
2788;2;Her voice is sad and beautiful at the same time.
2788;3;their music is really good and there relaxing too, there's a lot of telnet with these women and i hope to see more music from them
2788;4;Pleasant buying experience from this company.
2788;5;Pleasant buying experience from this company.
2788;6;Pleasant buying experience from this company.
2788;7;I carry this one in my car.
2788;8;Her voice is sad and beautiful at the same time.
2788;9;I thought this track sounded playful and fun.
2788;10;I've the DVD and love it.
2776;1;I wanted this in my music collection, glad I got it, it was fun and will enjoy it for a long time.
2776;2;You can say what you want about JB but you CAN'T deny true blue soul/ funk these are the bottom bare roots of funk.
2776;3;For most people, James Brown is known for I Feel Good, Livin' in America, and his prison sentence a while ago.
2776;4;A great mood lifter and most of the songs are great for a workout at the gym.
2776;5;And for a deeper study in Brown check out his Biography !
2776;6;Use it as your starting position.
2776;7;This is Brown's greatest hits, and I've downloaded the entire CD so I can enjoy on my car media player anytime I want!
2776;8;The album ends with the sublime "Please, Please, Please
2776;9;One fun cd to buy and to share with at your party.
2776;10;If you love the funk, it's great to have so many winners by The Godfather in one place.
2777;1;Much has been written, mostly in the form of laudatory remarks, about Daft Punk's first studio album since their 2005 "meh" effort Human After All -- and with good reason.
2777;2;It's a moment of sheer transcendence, a supernova that concentrates and illuminates everything Daft Punk have achieved with their career and with RAM in particular...Of course, "love is all you need" is hardly a new insight.
2777;3;Much has been written, mostly in the form of laudatory remarks, about Daft Punk's first studio album since their 2005 "meh" effort Human After All -- and with good reason.
2777;4;It's a moment of sheer transcendence, a supernova that concentrates and illuminates everything Daft Punk have achieved with their career and with RAM in particular...Of course, "love is all you need" is hardly a new insight.
2777;5;It's a moment of sheer transcendence, a supernova that concentrates and illuminates everything Daft Punk have achieved with their career and with RAM in particular...Of course, "love is all you need" is hardly a new insight.
2777;6;It has a beautiful sound and I just love turning this album on when I come home from work.
2777;7;My first experience with this album was listening to "get lucky" on the radio, with my children in the car.
2777;8;Giorgio by Moroder, actually has the king of Disco and Dance Music lyrics and production, speaking throughout the song and it's brilliant and haunting.
2777;9;This is really a very good album I like it alot it's very chill and relaxing but interesting enough to get up and dance to...It works flawlessly as ambient music or a party rocker...The vinyl edition is well mastered minimal eq correction needed on my end.
2777;10;It's a moment of sheer transcendence, a supernova that concentrates and illuminates everything Daft Punk have achieved with their career and with RAM in particular...Of course, "love is all you need" is hardly a new insight.
2778;1;Great cd...lots of good tunes and new ones I have never heard...Really enjoy this band...Perry...
2778;2;It's sad and happy, serious and playful, and respectful and sassy.
2778;3;A good, modern country sound Easy to listen to this music any time.
2778;4;A good, modern country sound Easy to listen to this music any time.
2778;5;A good, modern country sound Easy to listen to this music any time.
2778;6;A good, modern country sound Easy to listen to this music any time.
2778;7;The Band Perry is such an awsome band with so much drive and energy.
2778;8;This is a really good country band that sings songs with clever lyrics and great, catchy melodies.
2778;9;There is a healthy balance of fun songs that make you want to dance (Better Dig Two, Done, Forever Mine Nevermind), and slower ballads that Kimberly Perry sings so beautifully (Pioneer, Mother Like Mine, Back to Me Without You).
2778;10;I love traditional country music but I love that the Band Perry has their own unique sound.
2779;1;Powerage shows a confident, brash, and ballsy bunch of guys from "Down Under" playing fantastic, stripped down, honest, dangerous, but good time Rock n' Roll.
2779;2;The album is short but sweet with not a single bad song on it...Stand Out Tracks:.
2779;3;Down Payment Blues was noted by Slash in Rolling Stone as one of his favorite songs -- now, I ain't no Guns and Roses fan, but he's a good guitarist, and showed some mighty fine taste there!
2779;4;Down Payment Blues is my favorite song on the album, it`s a great rockin` tune and not a very well known AC/DC song
2779;5;Words that come to my mind are focused, precise, and deliberate
2779;6;Down Payment Blues is my favorite song on the album, it`s a great rockin` tune and not a very well known AC/DC song
2779;7;I've been blasting a lot of AC/DC in my car lately driving quite speedily and I've loved every minute of it.
2779;8;Amongst the guitar-driven crunch of the Young brothers' attack lies a melancholy spirit & heartfelt lyrics delivered by Mr. Bon Scott.
2779;9;"Gone Shootin'" is such a fun upbeat song how could you not love this stuff.
2779;10;I've been blasting a lot of AC/DC in my car lately driving quite speedily and I've loved every minute of it.
2780;1;The DVD is fantastic, great sound and great video quality.
2780;2;After Stained class and Hell Bent for leather... It came this beautiful Masterpiece from the most powerful Metal band ever... This is the following of a group of great albums... Although it is the most comercial album, it  doesn't mean is so bad.
2780;3;excellent record of the metal gods judas priest box is very good cd sound is very good concert dvd has very good image quality, in general terms the office was excellent
2780;4;Even though 22 years of metal, grunge, and 'nu-metal' has gone by since it was recorded, this fast-riffing metal workout remains strong to this day.
2780;5;The kind of album that half the things you've ever read have told you is amazing and beyond reproach and the other half has told you is overrated and nowhere near the band's best work.
2780;6;My original ALBUM still rocks crisp and clean!
2780;7;For the price, this CD and DVD is a great item and will provide great enjoyment when you just need a little JP in the car and on the TV at home.
2780;8;It has more classic guitar work, singing and lyrics.
2780;9;It's a totally cool song that would be perfect to play at a party...8.
2780;10;Ian's bass is in there as well...I love the sound quality on this latest edition, far superior to the "Back To Black" version that came out a couple of years ago...Time to upgrade that old scratchy version to this new one, you won't regret it!
2781;1;It is a good starter CD for someone who is interested in The Byrds' music.
2781;2;A nice package from the group that led the Beatles into the Sgt. Pepper era.
2781;3;It is a good starter CD for someone who is interested in The Byrds' music.
2781;4;"Have You Seen Her Face" sports some excellent electric guitar work, too...The Byrds remain one of the best groups of the twentieth century and these songs prove it.
2781;5;She read Ecclesiastes 3 at the funeral of her mother and she likes having a copy of "Turn.
2781;6;A nice package from the group that led the Beatles into the Sgt. Pepper era.
2781;7;This is great cruising music, and popping the CD into the car stereo guarantees a great ride!
2781;8;(To Everything There Is A Season)" was probably their greatest hit even if they were doing a cover of his song
2781;9;"I'll Feel A Whole Lot Better" has a fine beat to it and they sing it well
2781;10;I love the Byrds and this album is great.
2782;1;This is a CD that you pump up the volume and sit back and enjoy some very very good Rock n Roll Blues.
2782;2;This live set is a joy to listen to.
2782;3;The audio is good and it drives all the way through, not a dull moment on it.
2782;4;This live set is a joy to listen to.
2782;5;This live set is a joy to listen to.
2782;6;The recordings are very crisp, clean, and really sound great.
2782;7;The audio is good and it drives all the way through, not a dull moment on it.
2782;8;This live set is a joy to listen to.
2782;9;This live set is a joy to listen to.
2782;10;If you're a fan of Clark or just bluesy, intelligent good music, you'll love this 2cd set.
2783;1;"New World Man" is on a par with "Closer to the Heart" in the sense that I've heard both on the radio so many times that it's hard to enjoy them when listening to them on the CD.
2783;2;The last half of the album has some of my favorite songs in "The Weapon" (the opening fade-in is great), "Losing It" (with a sad Hemingway reference), and "Countdown" (it's almost as if you are at Cape Canaveral...well, maybe not exactly).
2783;3;And all the rest are so good I have to put them all tied for 3rd.....so sue me.
2783;4;The songs are very original.
2783;5;On SIGNALS Rush decided to focus on social issues, as is evident on the popular "Subdivisions", about peer pressure in high school.
2783;6;When they get to the city, they feel the pull of the quieter times back home in their subdivision.
2783;7;Driven by the runaway success of Moving Pictures, Lee, Peart and Lifeson continued to move forward on Signals, producing such amazing songs as "Subdivisions," "Analog Kid," "Digital Man" and "New World Man."
2783;8;LOSING IT is a gorgeous little song with very sad lyrics sung perfectly by GEDDY LEE and features BEN MINK on electric violin.
2783;9;"Digital Man" is a fun track with some stunning interplay leading to a great jamming part.
2783;10;As far as I know the vast, and I mean vast, majority of Rush fans love "Subdivisions" and for good reason.
2768;1;Angel Dust is a fun, dark, and wacky ride of good Rock music.
2768;2;This is too bad, because these are quite intriguing, featuring lines such as.
2768;3;This is what some would say Faith no More at their highest career point I do think this a very good album !
2768;4;The epitome of genius, that Mike Patton is, shone forth in this album first sports fans, and if you want to hear Mike Patton 101 this is it.
2768;5;If you are reading reviews to help decide on giving this cd a listen then please do yourself a huge favor and check this out!
2768;6;Clean, clear, heavy and punchy.
2768;7;Commercially, this might have not been the hit the record company wanted, but its legacy can still be heard today and it's still a great record to crank up for a drive, barely showing its 15 year old age.
2768;8;Brilliant lyrics and such awesome use of bass and guitars.
2768;9;It is simply one of the most wacky and fun albums I have ever listened to.
2768;10;The latter is a wonderfully over-the-top rhythmic piece of aggression about self love with a couple of great metal riffs and ending with an hilarious chuch pipe-organ solo - that was another thing that seperated FNM from other rock acts, they had a sense of humour and were able to portray that in their music.
2769;1;This is the Old Blake Shelton I really  enjoyed this album played it again Just good  Music.
2769;2;Love Blake Shelton and love this album
2769;3;As good as I had expected - never disappoints.
2769;4;Love Blake Shelton and love this album
2769;5;Love Blake Shelton and love this album
2769;6;"Bringing Back the Sunshine" is full of the excitement and optimism of coming home after being gone for too long.
2769;7;I've enjoyed the cd in my car.
2769;8;Interestingly, with such a personal lyric, it wasn't even written by Blake, but rather it is a collaboration by Luke Laird, Barry Dean, and Natalie Hemby.
2769;9;His music has always had a fun twist and great melodies and hooks, and this album is no exception.
2769;10;Love Blake Shelton and love this album
2770;1;Good album overall, definitely enjoy listening to Keith and we like the majority of the songs.
2770;2;No bad songs here and it should bring Urban a new group of fans due to his ever expanding diversity of styles.
2770;3;You will be stomping your feet and dance to a great country song called Good Thing!
2770;4;Keith Urban's Fuse is an absolute delight and my current favorite workout CD.
2770;5;He continues to write incredible songs and delivers them with great passion.
2770;6;He continues to write incredible songs and delivers them with great passion.
2770;7;It is a must have and you will love the powerful vocal on the song SHAME, the wonderful melodies of Little Bit of Everything, Somewhere in my Car, We Were Us is amazing with Miranda Lambert.
2770;8;No bad songs here and it should bring Urban a new group of fans due to his ever expanding diversity of styles.
2770;9;You will be stomping your feet and dance to a great country song called Good Thing!
2770;10;I absolutely love this CD and would recommend it to anyone who likes great singing and wonderful guitar playing, among many other instruments!
2771;1;With its funky, soulful songs (see "Prototype," "She Lives In My Lap," "Spread" and "Happy Valentine's Day"), quirky interludes ("God," "Where Are My Panties" and "Good Day, Good Sir") and weirded-out fun-house tracks (complete with body distortion mirrors
2771;2;Speakerboxxx/The Love Below is a double disc offering that individually showcases the talents of both Big Boi and Andre 3000's individual states of artistic growing pains and exploration...Rumors have abounded of the duo possibly breaking up.
2771;3;There are a few pretty good songs, however most of it is too experimental for my taste.
2771;4;This CD is perfect to listen to or workout to.
2771;5;Andre has once again pushed the boundaries of hip hop, even further in this case due to his solo focus...It leaves you wondering how incredible both these cds put together would be.
2771;6;- "Pink & Blue" A funk box, Moog synths, swirling strings that would be right at home on a Barry White joint, and Dre singing about a May-December relationship.
2771;7;They are on the cutting edge throughout this compilation with very few throwback songs, yep, this is a trip to the future.
2771;8;This album includes handclaps, acoustic guitar, synthesizer arpeggios, talking to God about head, philosophy, improvisation, lyrics about booty, and most of all, songs about relationships and love.
2771;9;The Love Below is an album you can listen to when your just chillin.and Speakerboxxx is an album that is great for a party... almost every song you can dance to.
2771;10;This album includes handclaps, acoustic guitar, synthesizer arpeggios, talking to God about head, philosophy, improvisation, lyrics about booty, and most of all, songs about relationships and love.
2772;1;If you enjoy good solid hard rock you love this CD
2772;2;Sex Type Thing is a wild track (as soon I heard it I was like, "oh snap!
2772;3;The last track is a pretty good one as well.
2772;4;Sex Type Thing is a wild track (as soon I heard it I was like, "oh snap!
2772;5;If you have read any of my other reviews, you know I have a top ten
2772;6;Sex Type Thing is a wild track (as soon I heard it I was like, "oh snap!
2772;7;The alblum kicks off with the driven 'dead and bloated', a great track that is just a taste of things to come.
2772;8;"Sex Type Thing" may have a clumsy anti-rape lyric that comes across as misogynist, but it survives on its terrifically lunk-headed riff, while "Wicked Garden" is a surprisingly effective piece of revivalist acid rock.
2772;9;It's a fun and creatively diverse album front to back, and it's shows the band at a stage where they showed the potential to create real magic later.
2772;10;If you enjoy good solid hard rock you love this CD
2773;1;It is absolutelly fantastic pressing.
2773;2;My favorite thing about the pressing I received is that "Pleasure and Pain" is listed on Side 2, but it is the last track on Side 1.
2773;3;Glenn's fluid shredding and K.K.'s more SAVAGE style were good counterparts to each other and made their guitar duels all the more furious...Ian Hill and Dave Holland (bass guitar/ Drums) make for a formidable rhythm tank thundering away for the two guitar gods to go wild over, rock solid and un-fuck-with-able.
2773;4;Screaming For Vengeance--a highly  intense workout for every band member.
2773;5;Intense vocals and a study in power chord  perfection.
2773;6;It was fresh, fast and clean.
2773;7;Another classic song of course we can't forget about is "You've Got Another Thing Comin'" which still remains one of Judas Priest's greatest songs, and the best song on the whole album hands down with it's simple yet catchy, driving, chugging riffs aided by a catchy, driving rhythm, and Halford's always amazing vocal deliveries.
2773;8;Nothing but a never-ending barrage of power chords with the voice of Rob Halford rising above with some awesome lyrics.
2773;9;"Electric Eye", "Screaming For Vengance" and the rest of the music punches you right in the stomach...HARD!
2773;10;I loved this record when it was released in 1982 and I love it today.
2774;1;Roger sings the vocals on all tracks and his style ranges from a soft whisper to shouting...The 2004 remaster of this album by EMI is fantastic and features the track "When the Tigers Broke Free" along with a nice CD booklet and very good sound quality.
2774;2;I think he knows joy as well as pain and much of what he communicates is not just sorrow, but remorse at what could have been...The lyrics of this album are also well done, and better than most of the pseudo-intellectual stuff that Gilmour would produce after the split.
2774;3;This sparked the fire, to produce a concept album about Anti-war...Some of the songs I found, that were exceptional are "The Gunners dream" about a dying pilot laying on a field dreaming about peace to arise and war, murders, and all the other issue's to dissappear.
2774;4;I've always thought this should be made into a film or TV special.
2774;5;The Final Cut is one of those artistic endeavors which takes study, some amount of empathy, and a great deal of emotion to relate to...Forget the constant bickering reviews of whether this is a Pink Floyd album, or how devoted fans either loved or hated this, or was this Waters final cut at being a member of the gang with hidden messages to fans and band alike.
2774;6;My older brother brought this album home when it first came out.
2774;7;I'd compare most of the album to The wall's "Mother" or "Goodbye blue sky", and just like in those, it's very lyrically driven...  See, you can say whatever you want about Waters' songwriting.
2774;8;Everything about them manifests itself in this album
2774;9;I've always thought this should be made into a film or TV special.
2774;10;I've always loved this album.
2775;1;Good cd quality, love the digital copy!!
2775;2;The slower songs are by no means bad,  but the faster paced songs are more "fun."
2775;3;Good cd quality, love the digital copy!!
2775;4;Great cd and plays well!
2775;5;I have read that Eric Church is the "new" Merle Haggard.
2775;6;This is a feel good, loud listening, work out too, fast driving, clean your house, kind of CD.
2775;7;Great cd and plays well!
2775;8;The lyrics are deep and meaningful as well as catchy and melodic.
2775;9;The arrangement and delivery of the song are as unique as it is fun.
2775;10;Good cd quality, love the digital copy!!
2761;1;There is simply no comparison to anything I have heard and there is some quite good music out there.
2761;2;It took great will and a fans heart to try it out and find that it was all that bad.
2761;3;There is simply no comparison to anything I have heard and there is some quite good music out there.
2761;4;The band starts to "rock" around the ten-minute mark of this with a trademark Steve Howe workout to help the band soar.
2761;5;The Yes musicians may be numbered among the important innovators in electronic music of the time... especially Rick Wakeman...although the focus is obviously more on the use of new technologies than necessarily on the quality of composition.
2761;6;And we had a quad system at home.
2761;7;When i listen to TFTO now, preferably on my Ipod, in the car or in audiophile conditions at home (alone) i see it as a treat.
2761;8;The song itself goes through many cool changes and has great lyrics.
2761;9;It's a lot of fun because, at that point, you will start to notice things that you hadn't before.
2761;10;Maybe I'm just uncritical, but I love Bruckner, Mahler, and I think in so many ways this work is worthy to be considered in the company of grand symphonies by the romantics...A bash on a big gong followed by percussion introduces an intricate, very rapid, repeating xylophonic pattern that serves as background to electric guitar.
2760;1;The music is fantastic in itself, but for me, it makes studying less stressful, time goes by more quickly, and it can be even a little more fun!
2760;2;The final selection "May It Be" is probably to be played over the  credits, and makes a suitable coda for what will be a very sad but inevitable finish.
2760;3;The theme of the movie is there, but it isn't thrown in your face so many times that you could sing it in your sleep...the whole Cd was subtle and gentle, yet pulsed with life and beauty...What a perfect soundtrack...!
2760;4;Having listened to this CD, and having listened to it matched with the magic of the big screen, I believe Shore has created something...well....magical.
2760;5;I loved it from the moment I 'borrowed' it from him, and listened to it as I read the book series LOTR for the first time.
2760;6;Indeed, when watching the movie, her passionately moving "May It Be" feels right at home with everything else.
2760;7;Buy this CD, crank it up, and let it flow through your rooms or in your car.
2760;8;The best surprise of the soundtrack is that the lyrics are written in the two elvish languages, Sindarin and Quenyan, in black speech, and in dwarvish.
2760;9;Opening track sets the mood---"THE PROPHECY", a journey takes you into things that you've thought about, but never knew existed---"KNIFE IN THE DARK", counterpoints of Bernard Herrmann surface, along with choruses that take us to Orff and Williams, stimulating beyond belief---"THE BREAKING OF THE FELLOWSHIP", themes interwoven into friendships long past---much to do about Enya is refreshing, her contribution to the score fits the film like a glove.
2760;10;They are both gorgeous and fit perfectly in the movie, esspecially when two players in the movie share a romantic moment.
2763;1;I had a fantastic time at their concert, and I thoroughly enjoyed listening to the Monkees' album "Good Times."
2763;2;This is just so much fun to listen to in this sorry sad times we are in.
2763;3;From the upbeat and catchy "Good Times" duet with Micky Dolenz and his late friend, the amazing Harry Nilsson, to the soaring pop of "She Makes Me Laugh" and the soulful Nesmith/Dolenz duet on "Me and Magdalena," there's not a single dud in the bunch.
2763;4;Let's hope he sees these postings, and let's try to tell me how much we love him and the Monkees.
2763;5;: If you're reading these reviews, thanks a million for ALL the good times, past & present!
2763;6;"Whatever's Right" is a bouncy pop song, written by Tommy Boyce and Bobby Hart, which would have been right at home on any Monkees' album from the sixties.
2763;7;After listening to it in my car, I discovered how great this works as an album.
2763;8;The lyrics are smart, the sound is catchy, and each is nice and tight, not lingering on too long, but making you want more.
2763;9;I am having a listening party right now!
2763;10;Let's hope he sees these postings, and let's try to tell me how much we love him and the Monkees.
2762;1;It's a very, very good Heavy Metal classic album that any fan of this kind of music will enjoy, so get it if you don't already have it.
2762;2;No Bone Movies: A creative idea, Ozzy writing about his Blue addiction.
2762;3;If you are a metal fan, this is as good as it gets.
2762;4;"No Bone Movies" has chunky, Sabbath-y riffs, and "Revelation (Mother Earth") and "Steal Away (the Night)" are both strong tracks, as well, with the latter track sporting some catchy singing by Ozzy...And finally, "You Looking At Me (Looking At You)" appears on the 2002 remaster of this album, and it's definitely a great, toe-tapping track...All in all, "Blizzard of Ozz" is absolutely essential in every heavy metal collection.
2762;5;Truly it is a classic, and read below for song ratings to see why.
2762;6;And of course, this record houses the timeless classic "Crazy Train," which is still incredible, despite its ubiquity.
2762;7;and an echopexed laugh before launching into a killer, driven opening riff which then segues into a feast of fast, catchy, crunchy, galloping riffs, along with great mid-paced drumming, and excellent vocals from Ozzy throughout, and I also love Randy's guitar solo on this song as well.
2762;8;This masterpiece has all the lyrics (and a lot of mthe music)written by Bob Daisley, all riffs written by Randy RHoads, while Ozzy contributed some of the vocals lines and melodies.
2762;9;A fun song really tho.
2762;10;I recommend this CD to anyone who just loves great rock and roll music.
2765;1;Angel Dust is a fun, dark, and wacky ride of good Rock music.
2765;2;If you wanted the perfect funk metal album with every ingredient blended in with a stroke of genius, then look no further than Faith No More's 'Angel Dust'...Not to say other FNM records are bad or anything they're a million miles from it, but this, like my title says, is EASILY their best album!
2765;3;If you wanted the perfect funk metal album with every ingredient blended in with a stroke of genius, then look no further than Faith No More's 'Angel Dust'...Not to say other FNM records are bad or anything they're a million miles from it, but this, like my title says, is EASILY their best album!
2765;4;The epitome of genius, that Mike Patton is, shone forth in this album first sports fans, and if you want to hear Mike Patton 101 this is it.
2765;5;I am not a huge fan of Patton's singing style but I must say the lyrics are amazing and should definately be read as you are listening along for the first or second time.
2765;6;His vocal performance on "The Real Thing" was great, but nothing to write home about.
2765;7;Commercially, this might have not been the hit the record company wanted, but its legacy can still be heard today and it's still a great record to crank up for a drive, barely showing its 15 year old age.
2765;8;If you wanted the perfect funk metal album with every ingredient blended in with a stroke of genius, then look no further than Faith No More's 'Angel Dust'...Not to say other FNM records are bad or anything they're a million miles from it, but this, like my title says, is EASILY their best album!
2765;9;It is simply one of the most wacky and fun albums I have ever listened to.
2765;10;The latter is a wonderfully over-the-top rhythmic piece of aggression about self love with a couple of great metal riffs and ending with an hilarious chuch pipe-organ solo - that was another thing that seperated FNM from other rock acts, they had a sense of humour and were able to portray that in their music.
2764;1;I enjoy when these song come on, and am afraid to say she may have put most of her good work on one album.
2764;2;For that I have more respect for Pat's music because of Neil's involvement.
2764;3;A very good quality singer in addition to being very sexy!
2764;4;For that I have more respect for Pat's music because of Neil's involvement.
2764;5;I was pretty excited to read some of the other reviews about the improved sound quality, but those reviews must be for the physical CD.
2764;6;For that I have more respect for Pat's music because of Neil's involvement.
2764;7;There were many songs I had forgotten that she had done and was pleasantly surprised to hear them again...The CD sounds great too and you can really turn the volume up in the car and rock out...My favorites are:.
2764;8;Her music and lyrics remain (in great part) constant in a world of drastic change.
2764;9;love her songs as always great music great dance music puts you in the mood to enjoy the night or getting together with friends for a party ...
2764;10;A lot of my favorites such as Heartbreaker, Hell is For Children, the aggressive Promises in the Dark, Fire and Ice, Treat Me Right, the electrifying drums-heavy Sex As A Weapon,  Invincible, We Belong, You Better Run, Hit Me With Your Best Shot, We Live For Love--can I stop now?
2767;1;I still continued to listen to some of their stuff over the years and enjoyed their live shows(they were just so friggin good live!)
2767;2;Collins is great on lead vocals as he proves to have a voice equal to, if not better than, that of Peter Gabriel.
2767;3;Very good music to relax to with the lights dimmed.
2767;4;Collins is great on lead vocals as he proves to have a voice equal to, if not better than, that of Peter Gabriel.
2767;5;Im sure for those of you who are reading this have heard a Trick of The Tail before and you know that the album is an example of great songwriting.
2767;6;It's hard for me to pinpoint my favorite Genesis album, but I've probably played this album more than any other over the years...As to the DVD, it first brings the album in a terrific 5.1 surround system, and it sounds fantastic if you have the proper home music set-up (which I do).
2767;7;An energetic rock song driven by Hackett's guitar work and various peculiar sounds dropped in for effect, this fantasy song is an excellent lead-in to what will follow.
2767;8;He is faced along the way with the bodies and banners of those who did not complete the journey...Genesis produces very good music for interpretation because the lyrics are intelligent yet accessible.
2767;9;The lyrics tell a pretty straightforward tale about a man whose destiny is to climb a volcano and confront its spiritual extension into the physical world by dancing about the lava.
2767;10;The narrator is at the edge of his life and in the company of a loved one (it is not clear whom).
2766;1;very much enjoyed the mix of styles by the boys...keep going back to it, and it keeps getting better with each listen...just when you think the first five songs are the highlights the cd veers into the last three that take it to another level...alot of diff styles but everything sounds very unified with a fantastic rhythm section.
2766;2;There is an 'unpredictable' aspect to his voice that is endlessly fascinating to listen to
2766;3;easily as good as the heyday of 70s rock, whether stadium, punk, or new wave...cheers
2766;4;There is an 'unpredictable' aspect to his voice that is endlessly fascinating to listen to
2766;5;This music is alive as opposed to being studied even when they're doing a cover (rich kid blues).
2766;6;Side note: "Five On The Five" has evolved considerably since it was played in concerts on the 2006 tour...What I can say is, even though it's only March, this is easily one of the best albums of 2008, and it's going to be very heavily played at this house for a long time to come.
2766;7;My advice is to buy this album, put it in your car stereo, turn it up all the way, and drive around town with all the windows down (even if it's snowing, and definitely in the rain) - that is what rock `n' roll was intended for, and this is most definitely rock `n' roll of the first order...While this album is very different from "Broken Boy Soldiers", it is absolutely outstanding in every way.
2766;8;"Top yourself" is a nice ballad with bursts of guitar for a chorus..."Carolina drama" is a Western-style ballad with storytelling lyrics about some bloke named Billy, and lovely ethereal vocal breaks.
2766;9;Brendan and Jack harmonize as well as CSNY here..."Top Yourself" is a lyrically fun, risque piece that probably could have been sub-titled: 'master of your own domain.'
2766;10;as a guitarist i love the guitar work by jack and brandon!
2753;1;If you enjoy Carrie Underwood's previous albums, I would highly recommend picking up this one.
2753;2;"Storyteller" has beautiful ballads and boot-stomping uptempo songs.
2753;3;The tracks are all good.
2753;4;"Storyteller" has beautiful ballads and boot-stomping uptempo songs.
2753;5;"Storyteller" has beautiful ballads and boot-stomping uptempo songs.
2753;6;My other favorite is 'What I Never Knew I Always Wanted', wow that touched home for me.
2753;7;Describing her as "tough as nails, under that corset," this Femme Fatale anthem is something all the wives and girlfriends will be singing along to in the car...2.)
2753;8;She sets the perfect tone of the story in all her songs, just in the sheer depth of emotion in her voice she uses to navigate us all through her stories.
2753;9;I also love the uptempo "Dirty Laundry" and it makes me want to sing and dance!
2753;10;Intensely romantic, and  I can see why others love this song.
2752;1;This hits collection is good, but, you know, what would REALLY make me happy would be you buying ALL their regular albums instead.
2752;2;Arrived on time and well protected.
2752;3;Arrived fast and plays good.
2752;4;"Carrie-Anne" has a great sound that I really like
2752;5;Arrived on time and well protected.
2752;6;Bobby Elliot's drumming has never received the acclaim he deserved, as one of the most accomplished drummers to come out of the 60s, with his understated, yet fresh fills and superb timing...I have this staple LP/CD in my collection, which is nice for a quick trip home from work, but only serves as a snippet peek into these guys' extensive catalog.
2752;7;Bobby Elliot's drumming has never received the acclaim he deserved, as one of the most accomplished drummers to come out of the 60s, with his understated, yet fresh fills and superb timing...I have this staple LP/CD in my collection, which is nice for a quick trip home from work, but only serves as a snippet peek into these guys' extensive catalog.
2752;8;Arrived on time and well protected.
2752;9;Arrived on time and well protected.
2752;10;love the music makes a great gift !!!
2755;1;They sound good and I enjoy listening to them better than the CD versions.
2755;2;If you idea of jazz is, rich brassy, shimmering, soulful melodies with a mean rhythm that will swing your soul into oblivion, than consider Blue Train a must listen.
2755;3;Of course, there's also some fine double-bowed bass on Moment's Notice, more good sax playing (Biiiiiiig surprise) from Locomotion, and a great ballad in I'm Old Fashioned.
2755;4;Another added bonus is some arco work by Mr. PC..."Locomotion" is another foray into, how about this, the blues.
2755;5;Great study piece for up and comming musicians.
2755;6;For one, the remastered version presents the album the way it was meant to be heard: clean and crisp.
2755;7;The solos are exciting, driving, interesting and innovative.
2755;8;That is, if it has a significant amount of what can be called soul, emotion, complexity, with or without vocals, it has my name all over it...This pure masterpiece by the almighty jazz legend John Coltrane really does pack a punch, and every bit as much as any hard rock or heavy metal band that I have ever listened to.
2755;9;This is Fuller's chance to shine, as the trombone sounds perfect in the intimate, slowed-down settings of the jazz ballad, and Fuller's full-bodied tone sounds wonderful and he even has some fun quoting "My Funny Valentine."
2755;10;Maybe the non-jazz listeners will enjoy it for its faring forth to their ears as an irresistible collection of melody and "cool music," but to me as a jazz musician, I'll never forget its kindling of my love for chordal brilliance, its improvisations bringing rise to the magic sun...kc
2754;1;the album is very good but you have to be have to appreciate his style of single.
2754;2;Eric Church and his bad are great, all songs on the CD will make you smile.
2754;3;the album is very good but you have to be have to appreciate his style of single.
2754;4;Mix of old country meets rock 'n roll meets new coountry.
2754;5;Mix of old country meets rock 'n roll meets new coountry.
2754;6;Mix of old country meets rock 'n roll meets new coountry.
2754;7;Mix of old country meets rock 'n roll meets new coountry.
2754;8;Eric Church and his bad are great, all songs on the CD will make you smile.
2754;9;Great country sound and great songs, really tell stories and add a little fun as well.
2754;10;One of my very favorites of all time, amazing I love it!!!!!!
2757;1;Wow, honestly i was expecting another Relapse (In my opinion: 2 or 3 good songs and the rest... the same crapy songs as Encore) but since im a eminem fan since Infinite i gave him a chance, and im glad i did, this album is by far his best effort in years, it kinda seems that his true emotions and his anger came back... and personally thats what i like about EM.
2757;2;Amazing chorus, amazing story told, a great beat, and most of all sad yet very truthful...7.
2757;3;I personally like a few songs better than  other but all are good.
2757;4;I'm so happy Eminem came back full strength.
2757;5;Recovery, his dialogue, his flow, his energy, his focus, keeps the listener fiending for more by the end of the 17 track album.
2757;6;It's a "feel good" track that can easily be played at a house party.
2757;7;Most people wouldn't expect it, but I find his music so driving and clever with the most fabulous beat.
2757;8;The lyrics are very wild but so much fun that you are going to have to listen to the song in order to see for yourself why this song can safely be titled a "Bad Boy's Anthem" and/or a "Player's Anthem".
2757;9;The following five songs stood out for me the most:.1)W.T.P: A very naughty but exciting song about having a party involving people having fun.
2757;10;"Seduction" has Eminem rapping about stealing someone's girlfriend, while the latter two tracks show the darker side of Eminem's romantic relationships.
2756;1;The duelling banjos in HOLIDAY INN have NEVER sounded so good.
2756;2;We have moody atmospherics, reflective lyrics, and interesting melodies and Elton John is at his best, singing with pain and  longing, looking back trying to find meaning in his life.
2756;3;The duelling banjos in HOLIDAY INN have NEVER sounded so good.
2756;4;"Tiny Dancer" is one of the most beautiful songs Mr. John has recorded.
2756;5;It's also very helpful to be able to read other people's reviews of the SACD version because not all SCADs are created equal.
2756;6;I bought them and brought them to my house.
2756;7;I listened to all of it in my car with factory Ford Premium Sound and was fantastic while driving.
2756;8;Music of this type has an incredible amount of power and appeals as much to emotion as it does to the ear.
2756;9;Also, the album gives some room to breathe between the more serious songs like "Indian Sunset" with transitions to more fun songs like "Razorface" and "Rotten Peaches", which are all great tunes in their own right.
2756;10;Not one of favorite albums, but there a couple of singles here that I love!!!
2759;1;When Jon Anderson returns on vocals after that rough beginning, he does a pretty darn good job, and he continues to do a good job for the rest of the album.
2759;2;This band was excellent in the early to mid 70's, and I don't consider the exaggerated musical ideas a bad thing, in this case...One thing I think is extremely special about this album is how the entire thing does a wonderful job putting pictures in your head.
2759;3;When Jon Anderson returns on vocals after that rough beginning, he does a pretty darn good job, and he continues to do a good job for the rest of the album.
2759;4;The band starts to "rock" around the ten-minute mark of this with a trademark Steve Howe workout to help the band soar.
2759;5;Most of them read the critics reviews before giving the album its recquired 3-4 listens, and gave up, agreeing that this stuff was stupid and over-indulgent prog garbage...But there were few that held patience...They were few and far between, but they were greatly rewarded with one of the greatest rock compositions in its histroy.
2759;6;This epic begins with wild percussion and steel guitar before going into another home run of a suite which tells of some of the forgotten knowledge from civilizations that came before us.
2759;7;Steve Howe's guitar work is brilliant and exciting, Wakeman's keyboards create a vast, deep soundscape, and the Squire/White rhythm section drives the band throughout.
2759;8;This band was excellent in the early to mid 70's, and I don't consider the exaggerated musical ideas a bad thing, in this case...One thing I think is extremely special about this album is how the entire thing does a wonderful job putting pictures in your head.
2759;9;Before, it was fun for us
2759;10;Maybe I'm just uncritical, but I love Bruckner, Mahler, and I think in so many ways this work is worthy to be considered in the company of grand symphonies by the romantics...A bash on a big gong followed by percussion introduces an intricate, very rapid, repeating xylophonic pattern that serves as background to electric guitar.
2758;1;There is no  specefic best song, my favorite is "Architecture of Agression"  but they are  all good songs when you listen to the album.
2758;2;Just close your eyes and think of everything bad in the world, I nearly weep from the emotion in that one solo!
2758;3;Sorry dave, i like the old peace sells, so far so good so what, and rust in peace productions better...but you sold me on Countdown, Youth, and Cryptic!
2758;4;There is no  specefic best song, my favorite is "Architecture of Agression"  but they are  all good songs when you listen to the album.
2758;5;There is no  specefic best song, my favorite is "Architecture of Agression"  but they are  all good songs when you listen to the album.
2758;6;All songs are strong eventhough the digital recording killed all the pounding replacing it with clean very listenable riffs and beats.
2758;7;This album is pure driven speed metal at its finest.
2758;8;Just close your eyes and think of everything bad in the world, I nearly weep from the emotion in that one solo!
2758;9;the vocals are overdone but fun.
2758;10;I bought this when it first came out loved it then didn't listen to it for a long time killer Dave Mustaine vocals growling about government conspiracies shredding guitar thundering bass and precision tech drumming this CD kicks it Megadeth Style it made me a new fan again now I rock it in my top 10.
2615;1;It Sounds fantastic after the remaster!
2615;2;A treat and its to bad they never matched this record.
2615;3;Have a good time with this one, and until next time, peace!
2615;4;It Sounds fantastic after the remaster!
2615;5;It Sounds fantastic after the remaster!
2615;6;I saw the band in concert at the Civic Arena is Pittsburgh in July of that same year and I remember the packed house going absolutely nuts for 2 solid hours!
2615;7;Starts of with a light intro that is easy listening into a guitar driven conclusion...8.
2615;8;With a dark and eerie tone throughout, Eddie, Dave, Alex, and Michael provide with catchy riffs, ear grabbing lyrics, stylish vocals, and a backbeat that is steady throughout the CD.
2615;9;This really is a fun hard rock album!
2615;10;Yes, I love Van Halen and this is one of my favorite albums, play it loud, yes buy a copy!
2614;1;I'm not very good at saying which tracks are "the best", but I can honestly say that my wife and I enjoy the entire album (CD).
2614;2;GREAT mix--absolutely love Lady A--fast delivery!
2614;3;Every song is good and the sound quality really brings out their voices!!
2614;4;GREAT mix--absolutely love Lady A--fast delivery!
2614;5;GREAT mix--absolutely love Lady A--fast delivery!
2614;6;GREAT mix--absolutely love Lady A--fast delivery!
2614;7;Great driving and sing-along music!
2614;8;Once again LA has put forth a great album with above average sound and solid lyrics.
2614;9;Some tracks like 'Just A Girl' and 'Damn You Seventeen' still highlight the more complex abilities of the team to deliver compulsive tracks with a bit more depth, but others like '747' and 'Long Stretch Of Love' are just fun.
2614;10;GREAT mix--absolutely love Lady A--fast delivery!
2613;1;I feel that way sometimes, and this album reflects the emotions of musicians who have been through a lot and want to keep fighting the good fight.
2613;2;This debut LP from these guys is simply excellent.
2613;3;Mike Portnoy (Dream Theater) gives relaxed, solid drumming and uses his voice for good background vocals.
2613;4;This debut LP from these guys is simply excellent.
2613;5;This debut LP from these guys is simply excellent.
2613;6;Its nice to finally hear a clean rock album.
2613;7;Billy Sheehan (Mr. Big, David Lee Roth) provides that unmistakable trademark driving lead bass.
2613;8;Cool lyrics, smooth drumming, awesome bass solos, and a very underestimated guitarist and all 3 artist sing.
2613;9;This is a fun and very rocking album to listen to.
2613;10;Overall I love this album...Unfortunately I can't say the same about the follow-up album but that's another review...Good music to all!
2612;1;I think it is a fantastic CD and would suggest it to anyone that loves good country or cross over music.
2612;2;my first time with this group and from now on i will buy everything they  create...very modern country...the words say how they feel and the artists have amazing chemistry with each other and it makes you feel...happy or sad it just makes you feel.
2612;3;Very good sound, vocals, nice variety of pace in the CD and full number of tracks.
2612;4;Every song has a nice tune to it, and I really believe they deserve a lot more for this album.
2612;5;Every song has a nice tune to it, and I really believe they deserve a lot more for this album.
2612;6;In 2010 they won Top Vocal Group and Song of the Year ("Need You Now") at the ACM Awards and took home 5 Grammy Awards in 2011...The first track, "We Owned The Night" is the perfect start to the album: An upbeat tune that has lots of energy and will make you jump out of your chair and start to dance.
2612;7;Every song has a nice tune to it, and I really believe they deserve a lot more for this album.
2612;8;"Own the Night" is a remarkable effort by the trio and I cannot express enough how they've played with my emotions on every single track.
2612;9;It definitely lives up to the title, and we all know what Friday night means: unwind from the long week, go partying, shopping, just letting lose and having fun.
2612;10;I bought it for a couple songs in particular and I love the whole CD!
2611;1;Good stuff from a great band.
2611;2;A totally great CD from one of the greatest bands of all time!!!
2611;3;Good stuff from a great band.
2611;4;A totally great CD from one of the greatest bands of all time!!!
2611;5;A totally great CD from one of the greatest bands of all time!!!
2611;6;The clean version of Girls on Film is included which in my case works well since my 3 year old son watches these videos a lot.
2611;7;This CD is great for your car, so you can drive along, singing and tapping your foot to the groovy music, however, a few of the songs are edited---the endings are dropped off, i.e., the very end of "Rio".
2611;8;A totally great CD from one of the greatest bands of all time!!!
2611;9;R&B experimentation is  done greatly with the help of Nile Rodgers on the catchy horns of  "Notorious", and even the pop fun "I Don't Want Your  Love" has a dancy dun quality to it.
2611;10;Sure they were pop, but I knew them as a "New Romantic" band when they first started...and this is some creative stuff.
2610;1;The remixes for the song are pretty good, and you'll most likely enjoy them if you enjoy the original -- I did.
2610;2;Ignore all the bad reviews of this cd because this is some of the best music I've ever heard!
2610;3;Janet chose a very good song for her first release (excluding Doesn't Really Matter) from the cd.
2610;4;Video quality is excellent, sporting a dual layer, very high bit rate video transfer.
2610;5;Every song is a winner.
2610;6;Both are perfect for the clubs, as well as a house party.
2610;7;This is gonna be a song everyone remembers the summer by, and the perfect tune to be driving to.
2610;8;Ignore all the bad reviews of this cd because this is some of the best music I've ever heard!
2610;9;Come On Get Up is just a fun party song about having fun and dancing, being with that loved one.
2610;10;I love this album and I will buy it again if I have to!
2609;1;Very good, and I think you will enjoy Alan's style.
2609;2;Listening to this CD really makes me feel good and puts me in a good mood if I am having a bad day.
2609;3;Listening to this CD really makes me feel good and puts me in a good mood if I am having a bad day.
2609;4;The selection of old time gospel songs is outstanding and the delivery by Alan Jackson is awesome!
2609;5;The selection of old time gospel songs is outstanding and the delivery by Alan Jackson is awesome!
2609;6;I listen to this CD often,  and every single person who has heard it in my home has asked me for the name and went and bought it, too.
2609;7;The selection of old time gospel songs is outstanding and the delivery by Alan Jackson is awesome!
2609;8;There are certain songs on each CD that make me overcome with emotion as they are an inspiration to me.
2609;9;The selection of old time gospel songs is outstanding and the delivery by Alan Jackson is awesome!
2609;10;I ordered it for my wife she loves it great  gospel song's  by Alan Jackson love all songs on this CD best CD you can buy
2608;1;Now I enjoy listening good songs.
2608;2;But the more I listened to it, the more I felt her pain... The more I thought about MY pain I went through.
2608;3;CD was so good my sister stole it
2608;4;"Great album which contains WONDROUS vocals,to compliment the"reality"of love-relationships and marriages!!
2608;5;Its themes of romantic discord sacrifice the sweet blush of new lovers where everything in the world is roses to focus on the art of staying in love, sometimes not always successfully.
2608;6;The sound of their voices and music blend together nicely...I listened to this album since the day of the release at work , in my car and at home.
2608;7;The sound of their voices and music blend together nicely...I listened to this album since the day of the release at work , in my car and at home.
2608;8;I really enjoy the lyrics to the songs, they tell a story that you can see.
2608;9;"Heart Attack" has some delightful hooks that sets your toe to tapping before your body just needs to dance.
2608;10;Its themes of romantic discord sacrifice the sweet blush of new lovers where everything in the world is roses to focus on the art of staying in love, sometimes not always successfully.
2623;1;She doesn't venture too far from her past musical style, and that's a good thing IMHO.
2623;2;Favorite tracks: the title song, "King Of Sorrow," "All About Our Love," "Somebody Already Broke My Heart," and "Immigrant" (a simple yet moving song about the pain of racial prejudice).
2623;3;She doesn't venture too far from her past musical style, and that's a good thing IMHO.
2623;4;"I'm in the wilderness, You are in the music...You are the lover's rock, the rock I cling to - the rock I swim to."
2623;5;The lyrical outlook of this album seems to focus on the social and romantic climate of the new millennium with great trepidation.
2623;6;Sade really hit a 'home run' with this excellent release!
2623;7;Much of the album is driven with just a simple guitar.
2623;8;I fell in love with her soothing sultry voice, sexy musical tones and equally moving lyrics, and this album has all that and more.
2623;9;Meanwhile "Flow","Someobody Already Broke My Heart" and "Immigrant"-with its "dance a step in my feet" outlook on racial prejudice have a deeply sinuous jazzy funk groove that is undeniably Sade.
2623;10;I fell in love with her soothing sultry voice, sexy musical tones and equally moving lyrics, and this album has all that and more.
2622;1;It all blends together quite well, and makes the album a fun listen...Songs I particularly enjoyed: What You Waiting For?
2622;2;Obvious there is "Cool" (don't forget to watch that video), "The Real Thing" which is a sweet ballad, then there is "Serious" which while the beat is not exactly mellow it is a great love song to belt it out to...  If there one cd that can get you out of the feeling down and in the blue you now know which it is.
2622;3;It's all so cutesy and tounge in cheek, but it's actually also really good.
2622;4;I think "Hollaback Girl" is fun and sounds like the stomping and clapping would be done at a sporting event.
2622;5;"Crash" has an early 80's club feel and "Harajuku girls" is very fashion focused.
2622;6;Everyone in the house loves this album (but I had to clean it up for my small ones and there ain't much left after doing that...They love her though).
2622;7;Lyrics connecting car accidents and sexual feelings, combined with a beat based on a "car reverse alarm" may seem unsingable, but Gwen is able to pull it off with much style and flair.
2622;8;Not at all, and this song fits all that criteria to pefection with her intelligent lyrics and a unique beat.
2622;9;I mean if real 'no doubt' fans would pay attention, Gwen has stated for a very long time she'd like to do this type of album AND she NEVER said you could find the meaning of life in it...Gwen has a delivered what she said she would a fun dance album.
2622;10;It's like somekind... romantic Score 9.6.and.-Bubble pop Electric- Good like story lyrics , good enjoyable song, Good beat, I love it... Score 9.75.
2621;1;I recommend this CD to anyone who enjoys soul/r&b, and appreciates a good, genuine album from a new talent.
2621;2;FALLING, the first single from her sophomore album moans about the pain and agony in love
2621;3;Jane Doe is a good uptempo song and has a head nodder, I could see this as the next single definitely.
2621;4;It sports an excellent sample of Brooklyn Zoo by ODB.
2621;5;I focused more on the beat than Alicia's voice, lol.
2621;6;Play "Piano and I" softly if kids are home.
2621;7;I got it in July 2002 and took it on a trip to Chicago.
2621;8;I love the piano tune in the beginning and the lyrics go right with the song.
2621;9;Girlfriend- A fun, upbeat song with a great tune.
2621;10;A couple of the songs on the album that I have really been listening to is 'The Life' and 'Troubles', oh I really love those songs.
2620;1;This is so good and the energy levels so high that you can easily imagine yourself somewhere in the crowd enjoying these performances by a band that only 5 years before had wowed the vast audience at Woodstock.
2620;2;Nash's "Grave Concern" and Crosby's "Carry Me" are also fantastic.
2620;3;The harmonies on "Only Love Can Break Your Heart", "Ohio", an exquisite take on "The Lee Shore" (with some tasteful, bubbly electric guitar fills from Stills) and "Johnny's Garden" beat anything this listener has heard on other albums or live performances...The real revelation is how good the CSNY treatment of each member's solo material is.
2620;4;Nash's "Grave Concern" and Crosby's "Carry Me" are also fantastic.
2620;5;Nash's "Grave Concern" and Crosby's "Carry Me" are also fantastic.
2620;6;Needless to say the sound is very good--everything is as crisp and clean as modern technology can do for 40 year old tapes.
2620;7;The sound is good and i like it - but the one viewing may be it for me...Meanwhile the 3 discs have been in my car for almost a week and I expect they will be there a couple more at least.
2620;8;This when music was good, back when groups could harmonize and blend their voices and the lyrics sent a message.
2620;9;Brings back very fond, fun, exciting memories.
2620;10;The harmonies on "Only Love Can Break Your Heart", "Ohio", an exquisite take on "The Lee Shore" (with some tasteful, bubbly electric guitar fills from Stills) and "Johnny's Garden" beat anything this listener has heard on other albums or live performances...The real revelation is how good the CSNY treatment of each member's solo material is.
2619;1;Very happy with the CD, lots of good songs on here
2619;2;He is funny, sad, and romantic.
2619;3;Got it at a good price.
2619;4;Love this album, But what can you say from Ed Sheeran, He is great
2619;5;I loved a couple of his songs and read some good reviews.
2619;6;Love this album, But what can you say from Ed Sheeran, He is great
2619;7;The impressive collection of original work is a staple now when I'm traveling on the road.
2619;8;He's got a very mellow voice and I love the lyrics of his songs.
2619;9;And most of the songs are just great dance songs or beautiful acoustic ballads.
2619;10;I loved a couple of his songs and read some good reviews.
2618;1;Good music if you like anything by avenged sevenfold you will enjoy this.
2618;2;This Means War good gutiar introduction can really feel the pain in the lead singer's voice and how far he will go to make it right.
2618;3;I absolutely love this album from the first listen, that can be good and bad.
2618;4;The second half of the album may be the best string of 5 songs I've heard in several years.
2618;5;Their new drummer does a good job, nothing flashy, but I read that he was asked to keep it simple.
2618;6;Guitars are crisp, vocals clean, sweet break downs and what else can I say?
2618;7;Not standard Avenged but you have to move foward and change and grow and this band did and its great, the hard drive is still there but a different feel I love you will too A++
2618;8;The lyrics are really appealing to me as is the style of the song.
2618;9;The singing is energetic, and the drumming though relatively simple, are just flat out fun.
2618;10;If you grew up listening to Metallica, Iron Maiden, Megadeth and Guns n Roses you're gonna love this one.
2617;1;I bought this for my husband and enjoy it as much as he!
2617;2;And beyond the wonderful orchestrations and interesting melodic twists, he also revisits one of his strongest suits, interpreting romantic and often sad ballads in Spanis and Italian.
2617;3;Ten of sixteen tracks, hmmmm, the other six are very good as well...My least favorite is "Machine", granted he did a good job on it, but it just does not fit his voice...I hope a Christmas CD is next...
2617;4;Every song is powerfully sung and is very unique.
2617;5;Every song is powerfully sung and is very unique.
2617;6;Every song is powerfully sung and is very unique.
2617;7;For my taste, the most spectacular and absolutely the BEST intuitive music support I have ever heard on any artist's CD is the spot-on  "Now or Never" with Imogen Heap whose "less is more" arrangement of "clock works" sound FX and synth drive behind Josh's glorious voice is fantastic.
2617;8;Josh Groban still seems to be finding his way to a definitive style and this is like a bridge from one form to another as he finds his way into song writing and tempering his powerful voice to convey his poetry..."So She Dances" felt much more personal and Josh Groban captivates with heart-felt emotion and vocal ecstasy that melts the listener while you are on a visual journey.
2617;9;And not only does he have a glorious voice, he sings these songs with feeling and passion...Among some my favorites: "February Song," "So She Dances," "In Her Eyes," "Solo Per Ti," "Un Giorno per Noi" and "Weeping."
2617;10;Lyrics in Italian...So She Dances: A very moving, romantic, sweet pop song...In Her Eyes:  I love this one.
2616;1;Have always enjoyed his down to earth, gritty sound.
2616;2;But Johnny Cash fans can rest assured that "Out Among The Stars" far from puts the "Man In Black" in a bad light, and that the majority of the songs shine brightly.
2616;3;But Johnny Cash fans can rest assured that "Out Among The Stars" far from puts the "Man In Black" in a bad light, and that the majority of the songs shine brightly.
2616;4;All (13) tracks on here are excellent...Track Listing:.1.
2616;5;Also read the new book by Robert Hilburn... it puts some new facts in place.
2616;6;All (13) tracks on here are excellent...Track Listing:.1.
2616;7;I Drove Her Out Of My Mind (4 out of 4 stars).9.
2616;8;But Johnny Cash fans can rest assured that "Out Among The Stars" far from puts the "Man In Black" in a bad light, and that the majority of the songs shine brightly.
2616;9;Cash seemed to really have fun making this .
2616;10;They had such collaboration and love between them.
2598;1;Those who loved She's So Unusual/True Colors era will enjoy fun songs like Into The Nightlife,Give It Up and Got Candy.
2598;2;But the pics are still amusing, especially the one of her in the garden in her blue gown.
2598;3;I am glad Cyndi did put this album out and gave us something new and good to own listen to.
2598;4;It's great music for doing cardio at the gym, too.
2598;5;And inside the cd tray are Cyndi's Thank Yous'...Those are my thoughts on the album, for you all to read.
2598;6;What a beautiful song...About the booklet & artwork:.....well, the cd is housed in a clear jewel case with front & back inserts and comes with a booklet full of fun pics of Cyndi.
2598;7;Several other songs, particularly "Same 'ol Story," prove that Lauper is not afraid to enter new territory: it has the sassy attitude of her debut album, the soulful vocals of her 2003 album "At Last," and a driving dance beat that sounds as fresh as anything she has released in years.
2598;8;It's a joy to hear Lauper wrap her vocals around its juicy, uncontainable melody..."Lay Me Down" with its haunting, inescapable melody and evocative lyrics is the album's arguable highlight, while "Rain on Me" closes the disc with a wistful, bittersweet high note that is exemplary of Lauper's unique voice as a songwriter..."Bring Ya to the Brink" continues Lauper's career with another top notch release.
2598;9;Give It Up: 4/5  Cyndi cranks out another party jam, keeping the dance vibe alive...10.
2598;10;I totally love "Into the Nightlife".
2599;1;It is very fun to listen to.
2599;2;The soulful vocals of "Take my love with you", the beauty n' pain in "Not cause I wanted to", the Bob Dylan cuts "Million miles" and "Standing in the doorway" transforms the listener with the vocal talents of Raitt.
2599;3;Her later albums are as good as anything she's done.
2599;4;It is very fun to listen to.
2599;5;It is very fun to listen to.
2599;6;This is one case where two good cooks have created a great sonic stew.
2599;7;Wonderful but laid back album that is well suited for listening to in the car in which I do.
2599;8;Her recent past has been troubled not least the sad loss of most of her close family and her best friend.
2599;9;It is very fun to listen to.
2599;10;I love the bass playing on this song.
2596;1;If you decide to buy this, you will enjoy many happy hours listening, whether you give it dedicated attention or play it as background music.
2596;2;And his blue eyes on the front cover... that should be enough to buy it right there!
2596;3;Good music goes beyond race and class.
2596;4;But it is the first collection, that I know of, that includes his Doobie Bros hits with his great solo and collaborative hits.
2596;5;But it is the first collection, that I know of, that includes his Doobie Bros hits with his great solo and collaborative hits.
2596;6;But it is the first collection, that I know of, that includes his Doobie Bros hits with his great solo and collaborative hits.
2596;7;Driving listening to his music is a pleasure.
2596;8;He has an amazing vocal ability and the lyrics for his tracks are quite well done and never sound forced or phony.
2596;9;It is a great song about friendship and trust.
2596;10;Love him, people definitely but it!
2597;1;I don't know, but with an album this good, I'm happy to have this dilemma, haha...Every song is memorable, melodic, haunting, unpretentious, sublime, with slightly offbeat lyrics that never devolve into cliche, and K's guitar work is great here, on par with Emmy's classic, beautiful, soulful, graceful voice.
2597;2;It's lovely, sad and touching -- a virtual showcase for Emmylou's voice and Knopfler's guitar.
2597;3;I don't know, but with an album this good, I'm happy to have this dilemma, haha...Every song is memorable, melodic, haunting, unpretentious, sublime, with slightly offbeat lyrics that never devolve into cliche, and K's guitar work is great here, on par with Emmy's classic, beautiful, soulful, graceful voice.
2597;4;"Belle Star" is upbeat and what a perfect blend of M.K.'s voice with Emmy Lou's!
2597;5;This is a man who reads and studies and is curious about life.
2597;6;Which is why Knopfler and Harris's CDs feel like houses: solid, honest, as permanent as anything mortals can create...They're houses in another way too --- as places of refuge.
2597;7;It is infectious and many will relate to this...A lighter touch comes to "Red Staggewring, which is a Cajun-like tune where lovers compare themselves to motorcycles, cars and vintage guitars...On "Belle Star", Emmylou compares herself to an old West infamous female outlaw, "Belle Star" and Mark as Jesse James.
2597;8;The music and lyrics are all originals are are beautiful!
2597;9;It is  about the  fun memories of two people in love.
2597;10;"Love and Happiness" is a beautiful ballad, as well as the title track: "All The Roadrunning...This was something of a risky undertaking for Knopfler given his macho guitar image (which is normally a guy thing).
2594;1;I am happy to be able to purchase and listen to this CD of Ricky Nelson, because I enjoy older music.
2594;2;For those of us of a "certain age" Ricky Nelson was "the cute one" of Ozzy and Harriet's sons.
2594;3;The good side is the legacy of great songs he left behind.
2594;4;For those of us of a "certain age" Ricky Nelson was "the cute one" of Ozzy and Harriet's sons.
2594;5;For those of us of a "certain age" Ricky Nelson was "the cute one" of Ozzy and Harriet's sons.
2594;6;we all love his music here in my house... he was so handsome...
2594;7;Traveling' Man always makes my imagination run away.
2594;8;For those of us of a "certain age" Ricky Nelson was "the cute one" of Ozzy and Harriet's sons.
2594;9;yes i loved all of his songs since i was growing up and he was a great singer back the the 50s up to the time he died... and watched him on his parents show ozzie and harriet...always loved garden party....
2594;10;If you like Rick Nelson, You'll love this LP...The songs are great and the backup band is fine...Classic Rick Nelson at his best.
2595;1;The "Notes" songs (both of them) are stunningly creative, and both the writer and musician showed incredible genius and a good sense of humour as they wove all the character's lines into a seamless, harmonious web.
2595;2;Every note is almost chilling, and it is SO sad......
2595;3;The "Notes" songs (both of them) are stunningly creative, and both the writer and musician showed incredible genius and a good sense of humour as they wove all the character's lines into a seamless, harmonious web.
2595;4;It is the greatest music ever.
2595;5;Now that I'm a seasoned listener, I find it easier to follow everyone's train of thought, but even now I often have to focus on only one or two singers and hear what he's saying (or she)... Still, this is a brilliant moment in musical history.
2595;6;Of all the lavish theatrics: the spectacular opera house, the labyrinth of darkness, and the broken chandelier, love is the core of the story that lies behind.
2595;7;An excellent cure, by the way, for the dreaded drive to work or long car trips!
2595;8;The lyrics are simple and sweet, and convey the proper emotions without being sappy.
2595;9;This is a fun musical, with tunes and a story which stay with one long after hearing, and one that entices repeating over and over.
2595;10;The romantic lyrics by Charles Hart and Richard Stilgoe are descriptive and haunting, and coupled with Lloyd Webber's amazing score makes for a musical that refuses to be forgotten.
2592;1;Fantastic download,each song very very good really enjoyed listening to each song and am sure will be played all the time
2592;2;If your a 70's and 80's rock fan it is a must for your CD collection.
2592;3;All in  all, a good place to start if you're just getting into Kansas.
2592;4;If your a 70's and 80's rock fan it is a must for your CD collection.
2592;5;If your a 70's and 80's rock fan it is a must for your CD collection.
2592;6;If your a 70's and 80's rock fan it is a must for your CD collection.
2592;7;If your a 70's and 80's rock fan it is a must for your CD collection.
2592;8;Great music with great lyrics.
2592;9;If your a 70's and 80's rock fan it is a must for your CD collection.
2592;10;Love to crank this up on our giant speakers and enjoy all the great hits by Kansas and a couple of deep tracks.
2593;1;What a great collection of songs and performances this is, two of the finest singers of their (or any) generation, artists singing music I have enjoyed for my entire adult life, still singing in fine form and with enjoyment that is beautiful to share...I don't believe that James Taylor and Carole King had recorded a full album together before this event.
2593;2;Want a great album by two great singers?
2593;3;This is a very good CD DVD.
2593;4;I work out quite a bit because it decreases your risk of cold sores and this is my new favorite workout CD.
2593;5;The arrangement is brilliant and very cool...The camera work on the DVD is shaky at times and has focus problems.
2593;6;Want a great album by two great singers?
2593;7;Want a great album by two great singers?
2593;8;Want a great album by two great singers?
2593;9;Love the two together live...what fun.
2593;10;"Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow" is the perfect love song.
2606;1;Enjoy this fantastic album, MEGADETH IS BACK!!
2606;2;Expect the same thing to happen to you if you truly admire Dave's one-of-a-kind style and searing riffs...Megadeth is back with an awesome vengeance... very sad it marks an end to one of the greatest musical era's the world of TRUE Heavy Metal will ever see...To you, Dave and Company....
2606;3;About this album: Its awesome, I wouldn't say its as good as PEACE SELLS or RUST IN PEACE but I still find it great even after Mustaine had that nerve thing where he cant play nearly as good as he used to.
2606;4;Best songs are "Blackmail The Universe", "Die Dead Enough", "Kick the Chair", "Back In The Day", and "Something That I'm Not".
2606;5;Best songs are "Blackmail The Universe", "Die Dead Enough", "Kick the Chair", "Back In The Day", and "Something That I'm Not".
2606;6;This is a good solid Megadeth album that envokes memories of the classics from the past (Rust in Peace, Countdown to Extinction) while having a good clean current sound, unlike some metal albums which sound too muddied...Most definitely worth a pickup if you've ever liked Megadeth in the past.
2606;7;This CD perfectly embodies the Megadeth sound, theme, and attitude, reminding the listener of much of their previous work (both old and new), yet doing so in a way that is totally fresh and not at all stale or traveled.
2606;8;The vocals rock, the drumming is great, the guitar solos are good (not like Rust In Peace though), the bass is good, and the lyrics are also good.
2606;9;Best songs are "Blackmail The Universe", "Die Dead Enough", "Kick the Chair", "Back In The Day", and "Something That I'm Not".
2606;10;Even if you just love heavy [metal] music and are not necessarily a fan of Megadeth, you should seriously look into this album.
2607;1;This is a fun Cd lots of good misic and Sissy's song really touched my heart!!!
2607;2;Not only are the songs outstanding, but there are 18 of them, so it's an excellent value as well.
2607;3;"Good Time" and that's just what's on this CD.
2607;4;Not only are the songs outstanding, but there are 18 of them, so it's an excellent value as well.
2607;5;Not only are the songs outstanding, but there are 18 of them, so it's an excellent value as well.
2607;6;And with the success of that, it is fitting to include a spiritual song that connects with his home, If Jesus Walked the World Today...You will hear different musical sounds, feel good songs, but what will forever be is that voice!!
2607;7;There are several songs celebrating simple living, with "Small Town Southern Man" being a mega-hit in the vein of "Home" or "Drive (for Daddy Gene)."
2607;8;my ABSOLUTE favorite song is track 8--its lyrics are great & it has such an infectious, catchy beat!
2607;9;This is a fun Cd lots of good misic and Sissy's song really touched my heart!!!
2607;10;I love Denise doing some of the singing.
2604;1;I am happy to be able to purchase and listen to this CD of Ricky Nelson, because I enjoy older music.
2604;2;He had one of the finest guitarists in rock history, James Burton, who influenced everyone.
2604;3;As such it does a good job of bringing together twenty-five of his thirty-six Top 40 hits.
2604;4;He had one of the finest guitarists in rock history, James Burton, who influenced everyone.
2604;5;He had one of the finest guitarists in rock history, James Burton, who influenced everyone.
2604;6;we all love his music here in my house... he was so handsome...
2604;7;Great trip down memory lane.
2604;8;He had one of the finest guitarists in rock history, James Burton, who influenced everyone.
2604;9;I got this to replace old vinyl records and it was fun to remember all the songs Ricky Nelson did back then.
2604;10;It shows how much they still love their pop.
2605;1;I love Whitney Houston she is the best however in this CD because she is older granted she may not have the same voice that she had when she first started but still she is very good at what she does not good I would say fantastic good to me is mediocre for her she deserves a word like superior!
2605;2;I am sad that she is gone because she was fantastic she had a gorgeous voice and always will...RIP rest in peace
2605;3;Without a doubt, she will be winning grammy awards this year and this album is going to sell MILLIONS maybe more than any other album released it's that good!
2605;4;She does keep cool and mellow on this new album, which is different.
2605;5;I Look To You, Whitney Houston's first album with Clive Davis since 1998's My Love Is Your Love, and her first record in 7 years, is a brilliant and strong focus from all the heartbreak and loss she had felt from the past several years of her personal life.
2605;6;She does keep cool and mellow on this new album, which is different.
2605;7;She does keep cool and mellow on this new album, which is different.
2605;8;Beautiful and awe inspiring lyrics.
2605;9;That anticipated grew very raidly throughout the Summer with lively listening parties in New York & London, to a surprising hype on The Wendy Williams show this past summer, where over 400 fans who had came from the listening party in New York and said they embraced her revival, better than any other record this year, and much more than the upcoming hype around Mariah Carey's Memoirs Of An Imperfect Angel.
2605;10;I Look To You, Whitney Houston's first album with Clive Davis since 1998's My Love Is Your Love, and her first record in 7 years, is a brilliant and strong focus from all the heartbreak and loss she had felt from the past several years of her personal life.
2602;1;The women are locked into a gorgeous groove at least as good as that on the previous two albums, and Lindsey Buckingham's inimitable contributions are not that "funny" 24 years later, just rollicking good fun.
2602;2;"Sisters Of The Moon", a masterpiece and sort of a sequel to "Rhiannon", talks about the confusing lights of fame
2602;3;The 2nd disc with all the bonus stuff is full of good things.
2602;4;Just give a chance, you might like it!
2602;5;I had read several critics reviews on the album, claiming it to be a "dissapointment", still I welcomed the album as something new.
2602;6;I've compared this to a very clean vinyl pressing, and it sounds fantastic.
2602;7;Stevie even flirts with moderately hard rock on the intense "Angel," which works it's driving melody to the fullest extent in addition to laying down an instantly memorable refrain...The best of Nicks' material, however, are the gorgeous, refreshingly unsentimental ballads "Storms" and "Beautiful Child."
2602;8;"Sisters Of The Moon", a masterpiece and sort of a sequel to "Rhiannon", talks about the confusing lights of fame
2602;9;The women are locked into a gorgeous groove at least as good as that on the previous two albums, and Lindsey Buckingham's inimitable contributions are not that "funny" 24 years later, just rollicking good fun.
2602;10;I love the "sleeve within a sleeve within a sleeve" concept.
2603;1;I enjoyed Bitches Brew when I was about 35 years old, but really I was happy to Hear Miles Davis play.
2603;2;Art exists to move our consciences, to let us ask ourselves who we are, what do we stand for, it should always let us feel something good or bad.
2603;3;Art exists to move our consciences, to let us ask ourselves who we are, what do we stand for, it should always let us feel something good or bad.
2603;4;This album is an awesome listen with many, many jazz greats of the time working together on this album to create this  magnificent work of art.
2603;5;The greatness of this album, is that it is still alive decades after its release, it still speaks to my essence, to what I have in my spine, to the ancient part of my brain, not to a code that I have learned to appreciate through my study and my understanding of music, Jazz and human expression in general.
2603;6;This is a very spicy jazz piece,It is one of the more experimental miles davis records also if you like to feel dangerous ch ch ch check out on the corner home boy.
2603;7;And it touches me, it really sends shivers down my spine, I travel in a world of images and dreams with this album, it seems to me to go back in time, to the origins of the earth.
2603;8;It is these kind of emotions the ones that I feel when I listen to Bitches Brew.
2603;9;The fact that I liked this album makes me uncool Its not as groovy as his past albums but if you want to dance with the aliens with noises you always hear on the streets then you have a trip, its not going to be greener or pleasant probably an overdose.
2603;10;If you enjoy jazz you will love Bitches Brew!
2600;1;Reminded me of an extra good Sessions at West 54th.
2600;2;The best songs on the album are "Gaslighting Abbie," "Almost Gothic," "Jack of Speed," "Negative Girl," and "West of Hollywood" (which has catchy and surprising chord-changes and fantastic sax playing by Chris Potter).
2600;3;Reminded me of an extra good Sessions at West 54th.
2600;4;This album should attract them a new generation of fans, please the old  ones, and hopefully renew interest in the entire Dan catalog.
2600;5;Perfect..." Almost Gothic" and " Negative Girl" are both studies in how to become obsessed with obsession.
2600;6;The  clean compositional lines, the attention to craft, the melding of multiple  instrument and vocal overlays into a beautiful whole, the introductions to  unique and fleshed-out characters - all marks of a typical Steely Dan  outing, but a rarity in today's pop marketplace.
2600;7;I listen to it in my car all the time.
2600;8;All the old Steely Dan elements are there--- the somewhat enigmatic lyrics, the quirky Fagan voice, the sparse guitar/keyboard/horn arrangements, and even that distinctive drum style  that they've managed to project through a variety of drummers over the  years.
2600;9;But that's the fun of it!
2600;10;Everyone loves it, you will toooo!
2601;1;Thats what GOOD music does to me...From the fun of "number one", to what I'm going through with my woman on "Ordinary People", to reaching spiritual bliss on "Refuge", I couldn't thank John Stevens enough for wanting me to live and do my own music agian...The Album is so good that I went and bought it even after having it for 2 months.
2601;2;This track is outstanding to me basically talking about how he will never leave now staying through good times as well as the bad.
2601;3;This track is outstanding to me basically talking about how he will never leave now staying through good times as well as the bad.
2601;4;If you love classic R&B, you will love this.
2601;5;The reprise of the song, nested comfortably in the second half of the album, is much more intimate and focuses only on seducing the woman he loves.
2601;6;this man is talented, if anyone disagree they should listen to the album with clean ears and seriously reconsider.
2601;7;Although, many artists have traveled the Neo Soul path, the music behind your vocals is important.
2601;8;This track is outstanding to me basically talking about how he will never leave now staying through good times as well as the bad.
2601;9;"Number One"- A fun and upbeat with a witty rap by Kanye West.
2601;10;The song talks about a love that takes a couple so high and it works as you can picture someone flying on the wind of love.
2581;1;If true, that was a very productive day indeed for American music..."El Paso" became a wildly successful crossover single, but really the whole record is fantastic.
2581;2;I know it's on the follow-up, but it's such a sad & beautiful song I thought it should be on the first album.
2581;3;The music is good in any order, and maybe I just like it in the original order because that's how I listened to it as a kid growing up.
2581;4;Perfect singing, great  song selection, superb accompaniment, and both the long and short versions of "El Paso" are found here.
2581;5;This album is 100% cohesive even with the extra tracks tacked-on the end...I strongly recommend this CD (even more than the 2-CD Essential Marty Robbins, which is also great, but not as focused) for any lover of music or collector of songs.
2581;6;I especially like "Cool Water" - I remember that song oh so well from around the house when I was a kid, and I liked it then.
2581;7;GUNFIGHTER BALLADS & TRAIL SONGS, one of the earliest concept albums, finds ROBBINS offering up a dozen authentic trips back to the Old West including the fast draw legend BIG IRON, SONS OF THE PIONEERS oldie COOL WATER, and STRAWBERRY ROAN, a bronc-bustin' winner.
2581;8;One, the lyrics of each song are wonderful examples of the American west, cowboys and gunfighters.
2581;9;It's just fun music, and one of my favorites.
2581;10;My dad loved Marty Robbins.
2580;1;"Parachutes" is one of the best songs Pearl Jam has ever written and is a perfect combo of adrenalized emotion, strong songwriting, good lyrics, and sonic experimentation.
2580;2;This isn't a bad thing -- just a sign of a brand new band with a record deal PEARL JAM is what the band who played Ten grew up to be, and it is something to behold.
2580;3;Featuring good lyrics from Vedder and an highly effective switch from quiet verse to loud chorus.
2580;4;Gone - One of my personal favorites.
2580;5;This album gets better each time I listen to it too and it is also refreshing to have read on Amazon and elsewhere that PJ has 'returned to its roots' too since I think this album's style of music is similar to their "Ten" and "Vs" releases that I recommend you pick up as well.
2580;6;Better than Jeff's other song I suppose(Edit:Actually, this song's still cook regardless.
2580;7;Their name is Rose Hill Drive, and they rock with a fire unseen since Led Zeppelin.
2580;8;"Parachutes" is a beautifully catchy acoustic number that just makes you smile after you get a kick out of it, despite the pretty sad lyrics.
2580;9;This is an album of pure emotion... As a fan of 2002's Riot Act, the simplicity of harmonies and the epic melodies that danced over guitarist Mike McCready's riff work or bassist Jeff Ament's subtle bass fills were gorgeous.
2580;10;Even after they slowed it down for the next couple songs, and Eddie's voice slowly sang over McCready and Gossard's guitar, I still loved it...I didn't really care whether the lyrics had more of a "political message" to them.
2583;1;This album is fresh, good fun.
2583;2;I feel that it is the best of his last five albums, though Time Out of Mind is close and Modern Times isn't bad either.
2583;3;This CD is so good it'll make you cry.
2583;4;It's truly a greatest hits album, but not of Dylan, but rather the blues.
2583;5;The CD insert is a single sheet fold-out, so does not include the lyrics, but they are worth searching out to read and relish the brilliance, see the light and darkness, hope and affliction, and the balance of humor.
2583;6;I am giving this an extremely enthusiastic 5 star rating for this reason: you can enjoy this album all the way through at work, driving home from school/work, you can listen to it while you study, and listen to it to go to sleep and enjoy different parts of it at this different instances.
2583;7;If you haven't joined his jingle jangle travelling band by now, this album will initiate you.
2583;8;My only complaint is that I'd like to see the lyrics.
2583;9;This is a fun record, Bob and his band having fun and laying it down solid with a look forward and a look to the past, but done well.
2583;10;LOVE AND THEFT certainly marks its roots in the blues.
2582;1;The album made No. 38 Stateside in December 1974 but continued to sell steadily into early 1975 due to the single's exposure and positive press.....Even as "School" fades in with that lonesome harmonica wail  you can hear the clarity and when it finally punches in proper after the "...he's coming along..." lyric  the wallop is fantastic.
2582;2;This blue me away, the quality of the reprocessing is fantastic, now a new favourite to listen to, just great
2582;3;Great CD just as good as I remember the original album being back when it came out in the 1970's
2582;4;The bass and bottom end is warm and defined  and those brilliant flourishes  the guitar solo before the huge piano break at 3:16 minutes  masterful stuff and hugely accomplished.
2582;5;this album is a musical study of the human condition.
2582;6;Heavy, 200 gram records, pressed on virgin vinyl, so clean you could see light through it...Again, Supertramp's Crime of the Century was one of the first five offerings, along with Floyd's Dark Side.
2582;7;The bass and bottom end is warm and defined  and those brilliant flourishes  the guitar solo before the huge piano break at 3:16 minutes  masterful stuff and hugely accomplished.
2582;8;Its also nice to see that the lyric insert that came with originals of the LP is fully reproduced in the booklet  including its  'who sings lead on what track' colour-coded typeface.
2582;9;I sense this song makes fun of complainers...The song "Hide in Your Shell" is an excellent mix of progressive and pop.
2582;10;Davies played keyboards...I still love this record.
2577;1;The rest of the mastering is at the same high level, essentially as good as these songs will ever sound short of listening to the master tape (or by means of some as yet un-invented technology that presents the master tape identically).
2577;2;This is the best introduction, short of splurging for a boxed set of multi-disc collection.
2577;3;The rest of the mastering is at the same high level, essentially as good as these songs will ever sound short of listening to the master tape (or by means of some as yet un-invented technology that presents the master tape identically).
2577;4;This is the best introduction, short of splurging for a boxed set of multi-disc collection.
2577;5;This is the best introduction, short of splurging for a boxed set of multi-disc collection.
2577;6;It's a great song and, while it's unfortunate it never made it onto one of his proper albums, it's right at home with these other Dylan classics...This was the first Dylan album I bought and I would reccomend it to others looking for their first Dylan album.
2577;7;This is the best introduction, short of splurging for a boxed set of multi-disc collection.
2577;8;Being a child of the 50's I was enthralled with the boldness and honesty of Dylan's lyrics
2577;9;This is the best introduction, short of splurging for a boxed set of multi-disc collection.
2577;10;I love being able to hear many of his greatest hits in one CD.
2576;1;No one since has equalled the power, the raw and piercing emotion of Janis Joplin.
2576;2;She was the blue & man she could sing the blues.
2576;3;I own everything she's ever done and while this particular cd isn't all-inclusive by any means, it still has some good tunes and gives us some fine examples of what she can do.
2576;4;The guitars are excellent specially in "Summertime",  "Maybe" and "Ball and Chain" which has outstanding  keyboard works as well.
2576;5;The guitars are excellent specially in "Summertime",  "Maybe" and "Ball and Chain" which has outstanding  keyboard works as well.
2576;6;Fans of this album and of Joplin should also watch her performance at "Woodstock '69" (offered on home video), which offers an extended journey through her life and her art.
2576;7;The guitars are excellent specially in "Summertime",  "Maybe" and "Ball and Chain" which has outstanding  keyboard works as well.
2576;8;No one since has equalled the power, the raw and piercing emotion of Janis Joplin.
2576;9;This is yet another one of the artists who made my high school years full of music fun to listen to.
2576;10;Most people don't say this but i love her voice.
2579;1;maybe too muddled in it's approach and it's ideas...but for those who enjoy a challenging listen, it comes highly highly recommended.
2579;2;'This Apparatus Must Be Unearthed' has lots of punky energy, particularly in the hypnotic chorus, but the real best part is the middle break, with a sad and beautiful dual guitar line giving way to some intense, slow building vocals.
2579;3;I love how it just goes from calm one second to full blown music intensity, this guy has the best voice i ever heard and I can't get enough of it.
2579;4;The music is breathtaking, blending improvisation, spacey effects, and Cedric Bixler's inimitable croon.
2579;5;The music is breathtaking, blending improvisation, spacey effects, and Cedric Bixler's inimitable croon.
2579;6;But for jamming at home this album is really meant to be played as a whole.
2579;7;these songs share a lot in common with ATDI, the driving melodies, the strong guitar lines that are heavy on the fretboard fireworks, and the overall energy that is presented openly within their songwriting
2579;8;In these sense the abstract, occasionally disjointed nature of the lyrics acts simultaneously to both generalize and specify a particular emotion or event to the listener..All-in-all it is a brilliant album.
2579;9;TAKE THE VEIL CERPIN TAXT: 10/10: A great song, fun to sing to!
2579;10;My taste in music tends to be more modern and I loved this CD.
2578;1;The bottom line is, if you have treasured and enjoyed Enya's previous work, there is all the reason to believe you will find her latest offering to your liking and pleasure as well!
2578;2;One excellent piece I have found in the march-along "One toy soldier", a song that tells the tale of a sad toy until it finally finds happiness with the child that it is given to.
2578;3;This album is as good as any of her last 3 albums, and I think most people will love the feeling it creates at Christmas time...the feeling of peace, happiness (and maybe a bit of reminiscence and melancholy).
2578;4;The bottom line is, if you have treasured and enjoyed Enya's previous work, there is all the reason to believe you will find her latest offering to your liking and pleasure as well!
2578;5;The album closes with a chorale version of "Silent Night" as "Oiche Chiuin"...As her website, and that of Nick and Roma Ryan, indicates, Enya's unique gift for music has also been accompanied by arduous study and unique awards.
2578;6;The bottom line is, if you have treasured and enjoyed Enya's previous work, there is all the reason to believe you will find her latest offering to your liking and pleasure as well!
2578;7;The bottom line is, if you have treasured and enjoyed Enya's previous work, there is all the reason to believe you will find her latest offering to your liking and pleasure as well!
2578;8;All the "stress" and "chaos" seems to melt away and you get "caught up" in the beautiful music and lyrics of her works and forget the "bad" things of the day.
2578;9;"One Toy Soldier" is whimsical, fun and seasonal.
2578;10;If you like Enya, you'll love this album.
2589;1;cd has like 5 hit singles and another 2 or 3 songs on here i enjoy a lot so a good value
2589;2;I honestly can't say anything bad about this cd.
2589;3;Feel so good when listening this CD.
2589;4;Great first time out album by a 16 year old Taylor Swift!
2589;5;Wow, what a great story about a young (and pretty) girl who had a focus on her life.
2589;6;Wonderful music from a down home girl !
2589;7;Great first time out album by a 16 year old Taylor Swift!
2589;8;Every song is beautiful and full of emotion.
2589;9;The songs are creative, well written and a lot of fun to listen to.
2589;10;Every relationship have a song, yet this couple does not and so the girls lover tells her that their song is their love and everything that envolves being together.
2588;1;I'm 28 and grew up on the music of Neil Doamond, my father is a huge fan so Neil's records spend a lot of time on my dad's turntable, some kids realy don't like the music there parrent play, but i realy do and have tanks to ebay managed to collect al of Neil's album released on vynil, so i was verry happy when sony released this new recording on a vintage vynil record.
2588;2;Neil Diamond is a masterful storyteller and interpreter of lyric - second only to the immortal Frank Sinatra in my opinion - but Neil is telling it "his way" today with the same poignancy and depth as Ol' Blue Eyes himself, and with more than just a touch of some "pretty amazing grace."
2588;3;I really endorse the minimalist production -- only good songwriting can stand up and shine through this way.
2588;4;He's in a class by himself!
2588;5;If you're in the latter category, please read no further...If you're still with me, this is a "pretty amazing" album from the evergreen Mr. Diamond, taking us back to his music of the seventies, namely the "Song Sung Blue" and "Sweet Caroline" period.
2588;6;12 Songs and Home Before Dark both showcase Diamond's greatest asset: his ability as a songwriter, and in both cases we are presented with the most solid, accomplished cycle of songs since the period that gave us "Moods" and "Stones."
2588;7;He's in a class by himself!
2588;8;The lyrics are deep and personal.
2588;9;He truly hit the high notes this time...I adored "12 Songs", and still do, but "Home Before Dark" is so beautiful, sensitive, sensual and fun.
2588;10;He just came to San Jose, CA a couple of weeks ago and was as great as ever!
2591;1;And buy it if you just enjoy good music.
2591;2;It was just a great drum beat.
2591;3;This first album is that good.
2591;4;I remember listening to this great music to get "psyched up" for sports in High School back in the 70's.
2591;5;To be honest I was not familiar with this band from the early 70s and came across it on the amazon site and after reading countless positive reviews took the chance and ordered thank goodness I did and thanks to all the positive reviewers here you are right this album is brilliant.
2591;6;I took it straight to a friend's house, and we had a listen.
2591;7;Rod Eavns sings with all his heart, and he does it well...All in all it's another left over band which deserves to be on the front stage...From the first song - "dancing madly backwards" to "frozen over" and the final "as the moon speaks" and "I can't feel nothin" - it's a magic trip, full og rhythem, rock and power...Electrifying!
2591;8;Doug Pinnick (lead vocalist & bassist) was apparently a huge fan of this album, and thought to include 'Dancing Madly Backwards' in the song's lyrics.
2591;9;Doug Pinnick (lead vocalist & bassist) was apparently a huge fan of this album, and thought to include 'Dancing Madly Backwards' in the song's lyrics.
2591;10;Loved it them... Still love it now...I gave my 22 yr old daughter a copy and her boyfriend flipped out.
2590;1;Golden Years is the good retro fun that we all know and love.
2590;2;The entire sound is more bluesy with the power-ballads "Word On A Wing" and "Wild Is The Wind".
2590;3;The rest of the tracks aren't nearly as strong as the title track, but believe me, they are good.
2590;4;The entire sound is more bluesy with the power-ballads "Word On A Wing" and "Wild Is The Wind".
2590;5;From the opening guitar train wreck of "Station To Station" to Bowie's cover of "Wild is the Wind" (perhaps his most haunting and amazing vocal ever), this is a classic in every sense of the word...If you're a fan and you already have an earlier version of this CD, well worth your while to upgrade to this new set...If you're not a fan, why are you reading this?
2590;6;The entire sound is more bluesy with the power-ballads "Word On A Wing" and "Wild Is The Wind".
2590;7;'TVC15' with its playful piano and 'Stay' with it's driving funk guitar lines make for upbeat songs ala 'Golden Years' while 'Word On A Wing' and 'Wild Is The Wind' are soulful, slower numbers.
2590;8;No lyrics, but some nice big colour photos of Bowie on cards...The opening track of the studio album, with its long 3:20 buildup (the whole song is 10:15) is mesmerizing, as are the opening lyrics The return of the Thin White Duke, it foes on and on and is a lot of fun with its funky grooves, its piano, its touches of electronica, and a superb Bowie vibe.
2590;9;Top dance hit Golden Years,supposedly about Angie Bowie.
2590;10;The similarity lies in the ambiguity
2585;1;The song selection is very, very, good, quality sound and the booklet that comes with it has more info than a biography.
2585;2;Steppenwolf printed a very important style in the music, and for those who had the huge privilege of being in one of their appearances, I envy them (in a bad sense but enthusiastic way).
2585;3;The song selection is very, very, good, quality sound and the booklet that comes with it has more info than a biography.
2585;4;This is a CD that captures their essence.
2585;5;The historical insert is very informative and interesting to read.
2585;6;Steppenwolf is one kick ass band and I'll always have them in my house.
2585;7;This is a nostalgic trip down memory lane with plenty of thoughts of old friends and events.
2585;8;Steppenwolf printed a very important style in the music, and for those who had the huge privilege of being in one of their appearances, I envy them (in a bad sense but enthusiastic way).
2585;9;This is a CD that captures their essence.
2585;10;Wish there were more albums, but love this one
2584;1;she sold me then as a good actress and now I enjoy her music not all but most of it
2584;2;Whitney's life style a detraction but her talent unmistakable, its value with the help of the industry destroyed her, so sad!
2584;3;(What's So Funny 'Bout) Peace, Love and Understanding - Curtis Stigers  = This song is different but it is good part of the soundtrack.
2584;4;I love this Tape Cassette, one of my favorite songs from The BodyGuard Tape Casette was Part 1 Of all 6 Songs From Whitney Houston!!
2584;5;I love this Tape Cassette, one of my favorite songs from The BodyGuard Tape Casette was Part 1 Of all 6 Songs From Whitney Houston!!
2584;6;saw the movie and just wanted to be able to keep this in the house, part of a wonderful collection.
2584;7;I love this Tape Cassette, one of my favorite songs from The BodyGuard Tape Casette was Part 1 Of all 6 Songs From Whitney Houston!!
2584;8;Classic song for Whitney right there, with beautiful vocals and an outpouring of emotion.
2584;9;"Queen of the Night" is a fun, early 90's dance song.
2584;10;I love this Tape Cassette, one of my favorite songs from The BodyGuard Tape Casette was Part 1 Of all 6 Songs From Whitney Houston!!
2587;1;Have fun with it and enjoy it for years to come.
2587;2;The quality of the sound is excellent.
2587;3;Denny Laine sings "Spirits of ancient Egypt", another good.
2587;4;'Sitting in the stands of the sports arena... Waiting for the show to begin... Red Lights Green Lights, Strawberry Wine...'---->  that is still so cool.
2587;5;The quality of the sound is excellent.
2587;6;Now with high bit CD's, high quality headphones, car audio and home audio systems, you can really appreciate this release, and how different it sounds from the original.
2587;7;This music swings with all hipness of the 70s but still brims with the mischievous genius of one of the driving forces of the Beatles - that talent didn't dissolve with the dissolution of the Fab Four - quite the contrary - it evolved and matured and casually left us with this masterpiece - and a bunch of others as well.
2587;8;You get the complete song lyrics and the song credits are there, too...Overall, this CD is one of the best Wings ever recorded.
2587;9;"Lunchbox" is rather funky, and "My Carnival" is an old-school New Orleans jazz party song commemorating Paul and Linda's enjoyment of Mardi Gras 1975.
2587;10;Awesome tune..."Call Me Back Again" is a very strange theatrical attempt at the blues, and I absolutely love it.
2586;1;But if you are looking for something new, refreshing and fun I would advize you to pick it up.
2586;2;It has the two types of music I love most blended into one sound-blues and bluegrass.
2586;3;The whole CD is good.
2586;4;It has the two types of music I love most blended into one sound-blues and bluegrass.
2586;5;It has the two types of music I love most blended into one sound-blues and bluegrass.
2586;6;It has the two types of music I love most blended into one sound-blues and bluegrass.
2586;7;Brings back memories of my Nashville trip.
2586;8;It has the two types of music I love most blended into one sound-blues and bluegrass.
2586;9;But if you are looking for something new, refreshing and fun I would advize you to pick it up.
2586;10;It has the two types of music I love most blended into one sound-blues and bluegrass.
2564;1;He sounds inspired, happy, and like he's having fun.
2564;2;This album is a must for true JW fans.
2564;3;"One Day At A Time" was probably my favorite and left me feeling good.
2564;4;This album is a must for true JW fans.
2564;5;The addition of Jeff Lynne to Team Walsh has been a great choice, as he keeps the sound fluid and keeps Joe focused.
2564;6;  and he did...The only thing that has changed is that Joe has got himself sober, and he is quite candid about the Joys of just being straight, clean, a family man.
2564;7;This album is a must for true JW fans.
2564;8;Well worth the wait...This is in my opinion the best work Joe has done on his own...Great lyrics, and of course, the guitar ain't too shabby either.
2564;9;He sounds inspired, happy, and like he's having fun.
2564;10;Loved hearing Just Joe again.
2565;1;I enjoyed dancing to the music then and now.
2565;2;I love this cd, it was great, also prompt delivery
2565;3;This music brings back such good memories.
2565;4;I love this cd, it was great, also prompt delivery
2565;5;I love this cd, it was great, also prompt delivery
2565;6;Good, clean lyrics and pleasant melodies.
2565;7;I love listening while driving down the road.
2565;8;Good, clean lyrics and pleasant melodies.
2565;9;I enjoyed dancing to the music then and now.
2565;10;I love this cd, it was great, also prompt delivery
2566;1;Sounds fantastic 180 G vinyl Very happy customer...
2566;2;A great song that has great vocals by Paul Stanley, with a bad ass AC/DC like rhythm guitar riff and chorus of the four guys yelling "Strutter!"
2566;3;The Kiss Vinyl Reissues have been amazingly good.
2566;4;A necessary album for any hardcore KISS Army fan!
2566;5;Reading the book and finding out little anecdotes from the band and all of the people involved during that time is so much better to be able to listen to the songs that are being referred to...And the album as a whole, for their first ever album, is very solid.
2566;6;Brings back some great memories of a 12 year old sneaking an album into his room to listen because his parents wouldn't allow that music in the house.
2566;7;A necessary album for any hardcore KISS Army fan!
2566;8;.7)DEUCE - Havy crunch from the Demon,with some pretty spaced out lyrics:"Get up,and get your Grandma outta here . . ." All four members in perfect unison here with another classic Ace solo.
2566;9;Not many heavy groups made a debut album this impressive, still sounds fresh today, the ultimate party record.
2566;10;What can I say
2567;1;And you can just sit back and enjoy the unpretentious fun that kiss was aiming to create with this disc.
2567;2;A great song that has great vocals by Paul Stanley, with a bad ass AC/DC like rhythm guitar riff and chorus of the four guys yelling "Strutter!"
2567;3;After hearing this, you know that you're in for a good time.
2567;4;This album is also highly accessible, for I've seen this record in just about every music store I've been to.
2567;5;The sound is wonderfully reproduced although, as mentioned, not everyone finds Kiss' early albums to be adequately produced to begin with...Thank you for reading!
2567;6;Brings back some great memories of a 12 year old sneaking an album into his room to listen because his parents wouldn't allow that music in the house.
2567;7;This album is also highly accessible, for I've seen this record in just about every music store I've been to.
2567;8;An upbeat, fast paced song with excellent lyrics, vocals and music.
2567;9;Believe me, if you want great KISS that just rocks out loud and lets you have a great, fun time, you'll love this one.
2567;10;And, to back up how much I love each song, I'll give a track-for-track review:.
2560;1;Good performances all around on this one.
2560;2;Bad Boy Has some great grooves on this one .
2560;3;Good performances all around on this one.
2560;4;Its Prince and its a great pressing ....enough said
2560;5;Give the lyrics a second read, and you'll see where he's really coming from.
2560;6;"Paisley Park" is a fun paean to Prince's new home.
2560;7;Its Prince and its a great pressing ....enough said
2560;8;The album's two best songs are its singles, the timeless "Raspberry Beret" and the bouncy "Pop Life," two of the most unique and brilliant pop songs ever written in terms of lyrics, music and sound.
2560;9;"Paisley Park" is a fun paean to Prince's new home.
2560;10;I love every song here and each song has a mind of its own.
2561;1;'Leash' is a  slice of fun punky rock, that brings you to the point of climax before  'Indifference' gently soothes you out of the album with its quiet beauty  and atmospheric keyboards.
2561;2;And that's not a bad thing because the lyrics are so touching and you really end up feeling the pain in Ed's voice.
2561;3;The rest are good, I don't think there was a bad song on the album.
2561;4;The album shows a nice progression of the music.
2561;5;The album shows a nice progression of the music.
2561;6;The album shows a nice progression of the music.
2561;7;A perfect song for the car.12 Indifference - ends on a slower note.
2561;8;And that's not a bad thing because the lyrics are so touching and you really end up feeling the pain in Ed's voice.
2561;9;'Leash' is a  slice of fun punky rock, that brings you to the point of climax before  'Indifference' gently soothes you out of the album with its quiet beauty  and atmospheric keyboards.
2561;10;This is one album that you'll absolutely love after just a couple of listens.
2562;1;She kinda changes the beat and she soundz FANTASTIC on it.
2562;2;Great song...10-Thats How You Like It (10/10): Suprsingly the rap in this song doesn't sound bad and makes the song sound very nice!
2562;3;Not bad, B.  I am not sure if the original needed a facelift or not, but this is a good remake.
2562;4;She kinda changes the beat and she soundz FANTASTIC on it.
2562;5;The album is equally divided between seductive mid-tempos,lush ballads and fiery club bangers, providing a sharp focus on who Beyonce is right now as a performer,woman and as a creative force.
2562;6;She kinda changes the beat and she soundz FANTASTIC on it.
2562;7;Cons:A couple ballads in the second half keep this cd from being perfect...Great Music to Play While: Driving
2562;8;JayZ and B's lyrics and voices really style good together.
2562;9;Baby Boy - Yet again, another great dance song with a great foreign sound.
2562;10;That's How You Like It- Now I know some people really don't like this song but I really love this song!
2563;1;The live concert CD included in this is very good.
2563;2;Texas Flood is an insanely good electric guitar blues, and Dirty Pool is a minor-key blues lament of love gone bad...They say that life...Life is a game of give and take.I'm telling you one thing right now little baby.I won't be the one to pay for your mistake.
2563;3;Texas Flood is an insanely good electric guitar blues, and Dirty Pool is a minor-key blues lament of love gone bad...They say that life...Life is a game of give and take.I'm telling you one thing right now little baby.I won't be the one to pay for your mistake.
2563;4;Still a 5-star album though.
2563;5;I read that he was one of the best guitar players in its gender.
2563;6;Still a 5-star album though.
2563;7;I love to listen to this while I'm driving in the country.
2563;8;Lots of finesse and his voice and lyrics are a perfect fit.
2563;9;This is a solid and fun album.
2563;10;I love to listen to this while I'm driving in the country.
2572;1;Just a feel good and fun Cd
2572;2;There are definitely explicit lyrics - not bad but clearly heard...Great voice, he reminds me a little of Ian McFeron and&nbsp
2572;3;He illustrates these ideas eloquently and fits it into good music.
2572;4;Actually enjoy every single song on this CD.
2572;5;Actually enjoy every single song on this CD.
2572;6;Actually enjoy every single song on this CD.
2572;7;I enjoy all the songs and love driving to this album, especially Staring At the Stars.
2572;8;Like I said in my review title, the sublime music, lyrics, singing, and emotion on this album makes listening to it a wonderful experience.
2572;9;Having so much fun with the new CDs I recently purchased.
2572;10;Loved the free download, love the CD.
2573;1;I am so happy Amazon has made it available at such a fantastic price!
2573;2;The negative press makes the music all the more amusing.
2573;3;(Which goes to show what a good job Dolby did with AC-3.)
2573;4;, with it's famous opening line "Welcome Back My Friends To The Show That Never Ends" is still played in sports stadiums and on highlight reels throughout the world to this day.
2573;5;The main focus, thanks to the three-part "Karn Evil 9," is sci-fi rock, approached with a volume and vengeance that stretched the art rock audience's tolerance to its outer limit, but also managed to appeal to the metal audience in ways that little of Trilogy did.
2573;6;Lake showcases his vocals and exquisite bass/guitar, Emerson displays his skills at the Piano and Keyboards equally impressively, and Palmer is able to rock the house in the quick sections of the piece, and slow down to an almost stand still during the quieter parts.
2573;7;ELP is a very  aggressive-sounding, hard driving band that won't be everyone's cup of  tea...but I loved it, just as I love Yes...they're simply different styles of  music.
2573;8;Lyrics that range from  impassioned desire to satire to sci-fi that defies description, and this  album is pretty well the end result!
2573;9;The 2nd Impression showcases Keith and Carl and is just wickedly  fun.
2573;10;You Turn Me On", the trio's most lovely and engimatic ballad ("Love" song?
2574;1;If you're a fan of the man himself or classic Mississippi/Chicago Blues then you'll enjoy this.
2574;2;I have a few blues albums, but not many, this one moved up to my favorite blues album that I own.
2574;3;All three are straight up electric blues numbers
2574;4;I have a few blues albums, but not many, this one moved up to my favorite blues album that I own.
2574;5;I have a few blues albums, but not many, this one moved up to my favorite blues album that I own.
2574;6;Listening to it through my home speakers is a journey for my ears.
2574;7;I have a few blues albums, but not many, this one moved up to my favorite blues album that I own.
2574;8;I have a few blues albums, but not many, this one moved up to my favorite blues album that I own.
2574;9;I have a few blues albums, but not many, this one moved up to my favorite blues album that I own.
2574;10;I first heard this CD about 2 months ago, when my boyfriend came to visit and brought it with him.
2575;1;This album is fun because it's one you can dance to, and really enjoy.
2575;2;"Promise To Try" has a beautiful melody but with super sad lyrics...I do enjoy "Love Song."
2575;3;Cherish- I love this song....I listen to it when I'm in a good mood.
2575;4;Like a Prayer- I love this song.
2575;5;On the assumption that you are familiar with most of these songs, I'll focus on the others.
2575;6;While 'Like a Prayer' is built around her feelings about religion, it also hits home.
2575;7;The gospel background vocals gives the song a powerful, full sound that only reinforces the driving beat and mass appeal of the song.
2575;8;"Promise To Try" has a beautiful melody but with super sad lyrics...I do enjoy "Love Song."
2575;9;Express yourself, hard, dance and fun.
2575;10;Like a Prayer- I love this song.
2568;1;Apparently by this time Anderson had moved in to the country, so this album was a result of his move, which must have done the guy some real good.
2568;2;And judging from this magnificent set of songs, delivered with a feisty spirit and reassuring musical dexterity, it doesnt seem like a bad place to be.
2568;3;Apparently by this time Anderson had moved in to the country, so this album was a result of his move, which must have done the guy some real good.
2568;4;"Hunting Girl", "Songs From The Wood" with its excellent middle verse of.
2568;5;I'm a big tull fan, and having read all the great reviews for this album, thought I'd buy it, after all i've never been let down by this band.
2568;6;This album is a must for all you Anglophiles out there because it sounds VERY English, this album is one great example of a British group exploring roots more at home, rather than trying to sound American with blues and R&B like too many other British bands out there at that time.
2568;7;It sounds perfect in.winter as you are driving through the mountains.
2568;8;The lyrics have that wonderful, mystical medieval and Pagan feel to it, not to mention the music itself.
2568;9;Take it, enjoy it and dance around the Maypole with it.
2568;10;If you cannot read beneath the veneer of woodland fairies and toddies on the mantlepiece to what the songs are actually *about*, then you'll never really get it anyway...I absolutely love the word-play in Velvet Green
2569;1;This is susans 3re CD and I do enjoy listening to most of these songs  They kind of grow on you once you listen for awhile  Very good CD
2569;2;Although I don't like to think about sweet Susan in the terms of these sad lyrics, it is unquestionably a beautiful song and her rendition and unquestionably lovely.
2569;3;Still really, really good and true to her signature style, though...- Lilac Wine.
2569;4;She also has a terrific sense of humor.
2569;5;OVERALL: I have both of Susan Boyle previous CDs, and her first is one of my all-time favorites, I'm constantly playing it while working around the house or studying or having dinner or whatever, because it sets such a wonderful mood.
2569;6;OVERALL: I have both of Susan Boyle previous CDs, and her first is one of my all-time favorites, I'm constantly playing it while working around the house or studying or having dinner or whatever, because it sets such a wonderful mood.
2569;7;Her voice goes with me in the car stereo.
2569;8;Although I don't like to think about sweet Susan in the terms of these sad lyrics, it is unquestionably a beautiful song and her rendition and unquestionably lovely.
2569;9;She also has a terrific sense of humor.
2569;10;Less obviously a standout track, but I love it because of the perfect mood it sets.
2570;1;Celine does a very good job singing this classic ballad, and you can feel the emotion in her singing here.
2570;2;While it's very good (very powerful, emotional and sad to an extent), I don't agree with the EXTREMELY massive amount of attention it got.
2570;3;my soul and stirs my spirit deeply...I recommend this angel to calm.
2570;4;Celine Dion seriously has the voice of an angel.
2570;5;I own other Celine Dion cd's but after I read and heared the sample songs I knew I had to purchase this cd...  Amazon had this cd at a great price and very good delivery.
2570;6;Celine Dion seriously has the voice of an angel.
2570;7;Celine Dion seriously has the voice of an angel.
2570;8;The achingly-tragic desperation in Celine's strong, soaring voice reflects my own emotions at the time (yep, been there, done that!)
2570;9;All of the goodies are here...9 gems spanning the star's rise throughout the '90s....and then seven new tunes to keep the party going.
2570;10;I love this CD except for the fact that I don't like a couple songs.
2571;1;The funky hardcore beats, explicit, ridiculous and amazing lyrics, and a fantastic crew of rappers.
2571;2;You really feel the empathy of the life that they live through their brutally honest delivery of pain, anger and the need to be heard.
2571;3;good samples and good way to end this album.
2571;4;The beats sound funky, innovative and most importantly, they serve as a winning template for their engrossing lyrical flows.
2571;5;The beats sound funky, innovative and most importantly, they serve as a winning template for their engrossing lyrical flows.
2571;6;Ice Cube, Eazy E, and Dr. Dre would all go on to make decent, sometimes excellent solo albums, but this one brings it all back home.
2571;7;"Gangsta Gangsta" is a popular song from this album as well, often played back in the dayz in many youngsters' cars, cruising the busy avenues late at night.
2571;8;The funky hardcore beats, explicit, ridiculous and amazing lyrics, and a fantastic crew of rappers.
2571;9;This song is a great closer it's a break from the hardcore nature of the rest of the album and gives a shot at a fun dance party song and this totally works well and Arabian Prince does great rapping on this too!
2571;10;After this Ice Cube would make his stunning solo career, and after a couple more Dr. Dre would solidify his career, and oh would it be worth it...We should all notice that even after TWENTY YEARS these guys are still loved, idolized, and most importantly, listened to.
2675;1;Beautiful music for anyone who enjoys classical music.
2675;2;Of course these are all the old classical adagio chestnuts and yes we hear them all too frequently, however I found myself singing along as I worked and felt relaxed and quite content.
2675;3;I heard this CD while getting a massage and I fell in love with the music, you can totally use this to go to sleep at night, take a nap, or just relax, it's so worth it.
2675;4;Of course these are all the old classical adagio chestnuts and yes we hear them all too frequently, however I found myself singing along as I worked and felt relaxed and quite content.
2675;5;When I read late at night (which is more often that I'll admit to) I love soft back ground music.
2675;6;A great set of music to play at a dinner party or just to have as back ground music around the house.
2675;7;Our other car has Sirius, but he loves this as a replacement in our older car.
2675;8;Of course these are all the old classical adagio chestnuts and yes we hear them all too frequently, however I found myself singing along as I worked and felt relaxed and quite content.
2675;9;A great set of music to play at a dinner party or just to have as back ground music around the house.
2675;10;Our other car has Sirius, but he loves this as a replacement in our older car.
2674;1;Although all the songs have an ethereal beauty about them, I've really enjoyed listening to "Lump Sum", the second track.
2674;2;But the mix and clarity is pleasing, the vinyl album definitely brings out the warmth of the music.
2674;3;The MP3s sound good, although only 192Kbs.
2674;4;But the mix and clarity is pleasing, the vinyl album definitely brings out the warmth of the music.
2674;5;The emotion is pure... in most songs you can't tell what he's singing about or what the lyrics are, and you don't need to... there's enough audible intention behind them...I am reading "Into the Wild" for the first time, and the emotion and imagery evoked by that book go remarkably well with what I feel when listening to this.
2674;6;But the mix and clarity is pleasing, the vinyl album definitely brings out the warmth of the music.
2674;7;But the mix and clarity is pleasing, the vinyl album definitely brings out the warmth of the music.
2674;8;The emotion is pure... in most songs you can't tell what he's singing about or what the lyrics are, and you don't need to... there's enough audible intention behind them...I am reading "Into the Wild" for the first time, and the emotion and imagery evoked by that book go remarkably well with what I feel when listening to this.
2674;9;nice background music for family party
2674;10;plus it includes the all time favorite song, skinny love.
2673;1;Not especially YES sounding (the overall complaint of this CD in general) but a very good song from Trevor.
2673;2;Its initial transition to CD was similarly amazing, but this remaster is astonishing!
2673;3;Not especially YES sounding (the overall complaint of this CD in general) but a very good song from Trevor.
2673;4;Its initial transition to CD was similarly amazing, but this remaster is astonishing!
2673;5;It's great to read that most of the people reviewing the album appreciated it.
2673;6;Its initial transition to CD was similarly amazing, but this remaster is astonishing!
2673;7;It was a heady trip from there on.
2673;8;The catchy hooks and lyrics make this song one of those that keeps the song fresh for each listening, and a remarkable addition to the Yes catalog...The next song could be a throwaway song, but for the harmony.
2673;9;Sure it's cheesy and dated at times but that is part of the fun.
2673;10;Anderson loved what he heard, was hired to sing, and the rest is rock history...  With classic rock radio staples such as "Owner Of A Lonely Heart", It Can Happen", and "Leave It"
2672;1;I can't wait to see what they do next, and in the meantime,  I am so happy they are enjoying the success they deserve!
2672;2;It makes a good gift for all age  groups cause there is no bad language and all the songs are up beat and  happy sounding.
2672;3;It makes a good gift for all age  groups cause there is no bad language and all the songs are up beat and  happy sounding.
2672;4;It's worth the price for sure.
2672;5;After reading this, two words should come to your mind: 'Buy it'!
2672;6;*NSYNC is a good, clean act for kids and teens.
2672;7;"BYE BYE  BYE" rocks even better in my car than on MTV, and "This I Promise  You" is sweet and beautiful enough to make even the world's most  badass guy cry.
2672;8;But - i have to admit that some of the lyrics disappointed  me and some of the songs are kind of stupid (bringin the noise) but this is  a really good CD if you like the current pop-style music.
2672;9;All the songs are fun to dance and sing with.
2672;10;My girlfriend & I have made love to this song hundreds of times.
2679;1;Many might not like the production here, but I think it is pretty good.
2679;2;...which is too bad, because as an album, it's more consistent, and better produced...This is one of the best examples of how JP was able to combine good hooks, riffs, and melody, yet maintain an edge, and keep the respect of metalheads all these years.
2679;3;...which is too bad, because as an album, it's more consistent, and better produced...This is one of the best examples of how JP was able to combine good hooks, riffs, and melody, yet maintain an edge, and keep the respect of metalheads all these years.
2679;4;Many might not like the production here, but I think it is pretty good.
2679;5;I think if you read the song titles...you will get the idea.
2679;6;I miss the days of going to the record store, picking up the album, going home and listening to the record while checking out the cover.
2679;7;The intro is one of the great metal intros,ever...Love Bites-Wonderfully high octane gothic track with a great riff and one of Rob's most predatory vocal jobs,singing about his intentions as a sexually driven vampire(what other kind IS there?)
2679;8;the songs reflect that in the lyrics.
2679;9;I've read some other reviewers complaints concerning the cheesy lyrics on some of the songs and all I can say about that is, well, that's all part of the fun of it all...Judas Priest's prior album to this one, Screaming for Vengeance, is a definite masterpiece recording, and Defenders of the Faith continues in that tradition and then some by delivering even more addictive power metal songs and anthems than seems humanly possible.
2679;10;I always loved this album.
2678;1;It took me a few spins in my stereo to appreciate this cd but sometimes that it is a good thing, just like Radiohead's "OK Computer".
2678;2;basically this is the perfect record for a summer night, happy and sad at the same time.
2678;3;It took me a few spins in my stereo to appreciate this cd but sometimes that it is a good thing, just like Radiohead's "OK Computer".
2678;4;"Its Not Up To You" is simply outstanding, with an orchestral majesty and electronic effects.
2678;5;So the focus here is on sensuality and atmospherics.
2678;6;Some of my choice new slogans are housed within this CD, namely the utterly original and very true 'swirling black lilies totally ripe'.
2678;7;It's a wonderful trip, with sounds that seem somehow luscious, rich, sparse, and spare: all at once.
2678;8;Bjork has always been creative and adventurous with her lyrics and this time in Vespertine she is even more open and vulnerable as she bares her heart and emotions to beloved fans.
2678;9;The instrumental work seems to dance around her vocals
2678;10;"Cocoon" is all about love and intimacy
2677;1;Of course everyone has heard "Good Lovin'" about a million times, but the band has so many other classics.
2677;2;They also had alot of range going from "I Ain't Gonna Eat Out My Heart Anymore", which is one of the most lowdown, gritty & dirtiest songs ever recorded to something like "It's A Beautiful Morning" which is one of the sweetest and prettiest.
2677;3;Of course everyone has heard "Good Lovin'" about a million times, but the band has so many other classics.
2677;4;They also had alot of range going from "I Ain't Gonna Eat Out My Heart Anymore", which is one of the most lowdown, gritty & dirtiest songs ever recorded to something like "It's A Beautiful Morning" which is one of the sweetest and prettiest.
2677;5;They also had alot of range going from "I Ain't Gonna Eat Out My Heart Anymore", which is one of the most lowdown, gritty & dirtiest songs ever recorded to something like "It's A Beautiful Morning" which is one of the sweetest and prettiest.
2677;6;They also had alot of range going from "I Ain't Gonna Eat Out My Heart Anymore", which is one of the most lowdown, gritty & dirtiest songs ever recorded to something like "It's A Beautiful Morning" which is one of the sweetest and prettiest.
2677;7;They also had alot of range going from "I Ain't Gonna Eat Out My Heart Anymore", which is one of the most lowdown, gritty & dirtiest songs ever recorded to something like "It's A Beautiful Morning" which is one of the sweetest and prettiest.
2677;8;They also had alot of range going from "I Ain't Gonna Eat Out My Heart Anymore", which is one of the most lowdown, gritty & dirtiest songs ever recorded to something like "It's A Beautiful Morning" which is one of the sweetest and prettiest.
2677;9;It is fun to listen to and remember when you were young.
2677;10;I was very much in love with a young man who played this music constantly and he had just got back from vietnam.
2676;1;(By the way, 90125 is a fantastic album, I'm glad the SHM technology make me discover this old love of mine once again!!!)
2676;2;But when it comes to "90125," I'll take that over "Tales From Topographic Oceans" any day.
2676;3;Proving that is was OK to make a few bucks as well as good music, this is a 5 star classic.
2676;4;But when it comes to "90125," I'll take that over "Tales From Topographic Oceans" any day.
2676;5;It's great to read that most of the people reviewing the album appreciated it.
2676;6;But when it comes to "90125," I'll take that over "Tales From Topographic Oceans" any day.
2676;7;I have is on vinyl but wanted to be able to play in car, now I can.
2676;8;That's not to say the other band members didn't contribute, Tony Kaye brings solid keyboard work and singer Jon Anderson's lyrics (always causing a raised eyebrow), adds a bit of the band's past to the future.
2676;9;Sure it's cheesy and dated at times but that is part of the fun.
2676;10;Don't get me wrong, I love me some Steve Howe, he's one of the greatest guitarists in the world today.
2683;1;A good collection of songs for all to enjoy
2683;2;Each song will bring you back down memory  lane with good and sad memories of once was.
2683;3;I highly recommend this to any one that loves to listen to good music.
2683;4;I highly recommend this to any one that loves to listen to good music.
2683;5;The focus on perfection and technique could easily become the focus of the music, allowing the art to become lost.
2683;6;With just this one simple mp3 download to my smart phone I now listen at home on my music system via bluetooth.
2683;7;The music is still fresh and, unlike my old vinyl, can travel with me.
2683;8;The way the inflections in her voice could bring out so much feeling and pull emotions right from the listeners.
2683;9;I'm a completist by nature and comparing the remixes to the originals is fun for me.
2683;10;I highly recommend this to any one that loves to listen to good music.
2682;1;As always the Moody Blues delivers, My wife was so happy we enjoyed the album greatly.
2682;2;"Lazy Day" is likely the most whimsical song of this CD, and perhaps the least blue...Mike Pinder, in addition to the last three songs, also penned "So Deep Within You," a love song about knowing what is in your lover's heart.
2682;3;Others here have offered up fantastic reviews of this album, so I am only going to briefly comment on the songs that struck a particularly strong chord with me, whether good or bad... I can honestly say that out of the thirteen tracks, there is only one that I really don't care for: 'Dear Diary'.
2682;4;The most interesting is the full version of "So Deep Within You" which sports a cool bass guitar lead-in.
2682;5;As I read some of the reviews of this album, I am so pleased to see many were written by young people.
2682;6;On the lonely Transit Van (a necessity to any aspiring band in the sixties) ride home, the two new members actually burst into tears.
2682;7;Since  the first sung track, when they welcome us, telling us: "Lovely to see  you again my friend...", we travel through a unique experience that  after a good walking, asked to us if we are sitting confortably and finally  reached the top with Have You Heard & The Voyage.
2682;8;Albums by the Moody Blues are not only well written in terms of music and lyrics, the spirit of the music moves your emotions and lifts your spirits.
2682;9;"To Share Our Love" is the better of the two, and exploits John's voice well...Justin Hayward, in addition to the excellent "Are You Sitting Comfortably", also wrote "Lovely to See You", which is a song of friendship helping alleviate the blues (which you may need after listening to this album!)
2682;10;The Moody Blues third concept album "On the Threshold of a Dream" mesmerises the heart, mind and soul with musical themes on romantic and universal love.
2681;1;Feel good tunes that make driving around town fun.
2681;2;It almost sounds like the dark sequel to Cream's "Sunshine Of Your Love" with some atmospheric keyboards worthy of The Doors, this is one of the most hypnotic pieces of rock ever recorded, dark, sensual and romantic at the same time.
2681;3;This is definitely is very good put together album for Santana lovers here.
2681;4;It almost sounds like the dark sequel to Cream's "Sunshine Of Your Love" with some atmospheric keyboards worthy of The Doors, this is one of the most hypnotic pieces of rock ever recorded, dark, sensual and romantic at the same time.
2681;5;It almost sounds like the dark sequel to Cream's "Sunshine Of Your Love" with some atmospheric keyboards worthy of The Doors, this is one of the most hypnotic pieces of rock ever recorded, dark, sensual and romantic at the same time.
2681;6;It almost sounds like the dark sequel to Cream's "Sunshine Of Your Love" with some atmospheric keyboards worthy of The Doors, this is one of the most hypnotic pieces of rock ever recorded, dark, sensual and romantic at the same time.
2681;7;Feel good tunes that make driving around town fun.
2681;8;It almost sounds like the dark sequel to Cream's "Sunshine Of Your Love" with some atmospheric keyboards worthy of The Doors, this is one of the most hypnotic pieces of rock ever recorded, dark, sensual and romantic at the same time.
2681;9;"Evil Ways," however, is a softy, simple fun little tune when compared to the immortal, timeless "Black Magic Woman."
2681;10;It almost sounds like the dark sequel to Cream's "Sunshine Of Your Love" with some atmospheric keyboards worthy of The Doors, this is one of the most hypnotic pieces of rock ever recorded, dark, sensual and romantic at the same time.
2680;1;The music is the best and will enjoy... Have fun listening and watching.
2680;2;Rod Stewart has such an awesome voice and I love his music.
2680;3;A good collection of some classic rock!
2680;4;Rod Stewart has such an awesome voice and I love his music.
2680;5;Rod Stewart has such an awesome voice and I love his music.
2680;6;Rod Stewart has such an awesome voice and I love his music.
2680;7;I keep it in my car and listen to it often.
2680;8;When I heard Two Shades of Blue I was overwhelmed...The song has a beautiful orchestra melody that awed me...I can't get this beautiful song out of my head, it has so many emotions to it...I haven't heard a more beautiful song in years...The CD was great though I wish Infatuation was on the DVD.
2680;9;Great music for fun memories
2680;10;Rod Stewart has such an awesome voice and I love his music.
2687;1;It doenst really fit with the format of the album, which is good because it gives the listener a variety but it doesnt really sound like a song Megadeth would cover!
2687;2;Bad Omen: I love the guitar at the beginning!
2687;3;It doenst really fit with the format of the album, which is good because it gives the listener a variety but it doesnt really sound like a song Megadeth would cover!
2687;4;And now we have Megadeth's "Peace Sells...But Who's Buying"!
2687;5;The lyrics, if you read them, are pretty sweet too.
2687;6;It starts out with Dave telling a story regarding an adulteress affair one might have, and the certain doom this person will encounter if he wakes his sleeping partner at 4am when he gets home.
2687;7;And now we have Megadeth's "Peace Sells...But Who's Buying"!
2687;8;The lyrics are a little juvenille now that we can look back, but otherwise a very cool tune.
2687;9;I find it great that Metallica and Dave were able to mend their friendship and play at The Big Four... Starting to babble on.
2687;10;Bad Omen: I love the guitar at the beginning!
2686;1;Good sound quality, some alternate takes of songs I know and some uniquely new and fun stuff I've never heard...This guy was just beginning to achieve his potential when he died.
2686;2;Very good, not a re-hash of previous material, sound is pretty raw but not bad - very impressive.
2686;3;Very good, not a re-hash of previous material, sound is pretty raw but not bad - very impressive.
2686;4;Those that don't rate this as high may have never had.chance to witness some of the best artists of that period....Jimi, among others, was a great artistic HUMAN being,.
2686;5;I've been since its release listening to all things Hendrix - original albums, The Cry Of Love, War Heroes, bootlegs, even the excellent Crash Landing and its dubious overdubs.....The focus on People, Hell And Angels is on stuff Hendrix recorded outside the Experience and quite a lot of it brings out the funk and soul of the incredible Band Of Gypsys.
2686;6;The cd has a clean, bright sound - good job on the production!
2686;7;I especially like Mojo Man, its a trip back in time, Incredible talent and this release shows us depth and insight into the Legendary Jimi Hendrix .
2686;8;Very good, not a re-hash of previous material, sound is pretty raw but not bad - very impressive.
2686;9;interesting mix - fun to find/hear new Jimi.
2686;10;As a fan from the olden days, I love this.
2685;1;I also enjoyed "Angel", which is a great dance song.
2685;2;The whole album is beautiful, without one bad song.
2685;3;Very good loved all the songs on the album
2685;4;Thanks for the offer love the album.
2685;5;I had this on an LP a long time ago and so enjoyed it, bought it for my kindle to listen too while I read.
2685;6;Thanks for the offer love the album.
2685;7;I've completely enjoyed it...even after listening to it three times while driving...If you like R & B music, you'll love this CD!!
2685;8;This collection represents the best in quality lyrics and musical reproduction.
2685;9;I also enjoyed "Angel", which is a great dance song.
2685;10;My wife and I really love this music, excellent compilation of the best songs from Lionel Richie, a romantic of all eras...
2684;1;At times it's more than your ears can handle, but mostly it's good heavy metal fun.
2684;2;Ashes of the Wake is problably the best metal album to come out since Pantera's Great Southern Trendkill, which is saying a lot about how bad ass this album is.
2684;3;The songs are good too.
2684;4;This is a Lamb of God album, every song is simply amazing.
2684;5;This is a Lamb of God album, every song is simply amazing.
2684;6;The production on this thing is crazy clean!
2684;7;Come on now...Anyway, this cd is amazing, and much more politically driven than As the Palaces Burn.
2684;8;His voice fits very well with the music even though my friend finds that he could've pulled his voice out more I explained to him that it wouldn't fit with the assaulting guitars and the pounding double bass...Each song is very well put together and the lyrics are great usually revolving around politics or religion.
2684;9;At times it's more than your ears can handle, but mostly it's good heavy metal fun.
2684;10;This CD has everything a true extrememetal fan loves.
2658;1;a beautiful voice which everyone should know by now  so i'll just say the the songs on the cd are great and you will enjoy listening.
2658;2;Love her voice, and love the album
2658;3;Good music for relaxing listening.
2658;4;Love her voice, and love the album
2658;5;This is truly a focus on hope, and will make a great Christmas gift.
2658;6;I love the clear clean vocals done by Susan and I have most of her CD's.
2658;7;Listen to it in the house, take it with me in the car, any place I can listen to the chilling small details of her voice that makes for perfect listening.
2658;8;You can hear Susan's crystal clear voice and feel the emotion in each and every word she sang.
2658;9;Love her voice, and love the album
2658;10;Love her voice, and love the album
2659;1;You don't, you just listen to the whole album and be happy that you've discovered such a great band.
2659;2;Virgil Kane's sad tale, sung beautifully by Helm, made me realize  what my freiends had spoke about.
2659;3;This is truly the birth of GOOD music.
2659;4;After watching the Band's amazing concert documentary titled "The Last Waltz," I just knew I had to buy one of their CD's, so I picked this one.
2659;5;With my 'Music From Big Pink' review I focused on how great the addition of the bonus tracks are.
2659;6;If only they hit home like this at The Last Waltz, it might not only have been the greatest concert film of all time.
2659;7;What it all adds up to is the perfect music for a drive through the country, an afternoon of leaf raking, or a really festive pre-Thanksgiving party.
2659;8;The two rockers are excellent quality: it's hard to imagine how they come up with such amazing story lyrics.
2659;9;What it all adds up to is the perfect music for a drive through the country, an afternoon of leaf raking, or a really festive pre-Thanksgiving party.
2659;10;The Band persists...My 18 year-old son and a couple of his local pals love their music and he even tries to interest his college friends in their music.
2656;1;Highly recommended for anyone who's a fan of Florence, her first album Lungs, or who enjoys good music.
2656;2;Lots of passion and pain in her music.
2656;3;Florence's voice shines through, her lyrics are powerful and the pounding of the drums, the sensuous strings and the gliding harp come together to produce a tingling effect that good music should produce.
2656;4;One of my favorites for the gym.
2656;5;The music keeps to a stready thrum in the background during much of the song, focusing mostly on Florence's vocals and lyrics.
2656;6;Ceremonials opens with an amazing, soul searching tour de force, and as the music builds past the now overplayed single "Shake It Out" we discover the true genius of this album.
2656;7;This album is one of my favorites in the car and I seem to dial it up frequently.
2656;8;Florence's voice shines through, her lyrics are powerful and the pounding of the drums, the sensuous strings and the gliding harp come together to produce a tingling effect that good music should produce.
2656;9;Ceremonials for the most part is uplifting, almost spiritual
2656;10;I have been listening to it on repeat for the last couple of days and every time I listen to it I find a new depth to it, and I fall that much more in love with it.
2657;1;Songs That She Sang In The Shower is in that status of songs Isbell did that are so good: When The Well Runs Dry, Dress Blues, Goddamn Lonely Love, Outfit, Cigarettes And Wine, Danko/Manuel...Cover Me Up and Relatively Easy are two other fantastic instant classics.
2657;2;It is a redemptive album full of catharsis and pain but with some fun along way.
2657;3;It appears that cupid's intervention has done him a power of good since the fog that enveloped "Here we rest" has lifted and every song on this record basks in radiant clarity.
2657;4;That'd be really sweet, a show made in heaven!
2657;5;I thought ... well, I loved his DBT output, perhaps I should read the reviews.
2657;6;The new album "Southeastern" is the product of Isbell going through recovery and cleaning up his act on the Jack Daniels front.
2657;7;I haven't heard a song better than "Traveling Alone" this year, that's for sure...Overall there is a new vein of lyrical material for Jason to mine this time, with new sobriety and marriage in his life.
2657;8;He is THE songwriter that I live to hear...lyrics that flow beautifully, painting stories and implying emotions that don't need to be spelled out.
2657;9;Seen him live when he was swiggin' serious JD
2657;10;"Elephant" has to be one of the best written songs of love and loss I've ever heard.
2662;1;Very Happy with my order and my husband enjoyed listening to Cream
2662;2;Comments have been made about he's old, bad tone, always plays the same old thing- well there is the pentatonic scale and it's how you use it.
2662;3;I was at the Cream concert on Friday 6th May, at which 14 of the 19 numbers on this DVD were filmed, and can confirm that it's a pretty flawless record of the night - sounds the same, looks the same & brilliantly shot - which is just about all you can ask from any DVD of a rock concert...And how good was it?
2662;4;The Cream lives on: in body, in spirit, and most certainly, in music.
2662;5;I've read all the reviews, some excellent, some not so good.
2662;6;The DVD selection in the fantastic sound derserves to be in every home...Cream we salute thee.
2662;7;Its a trip to watch.
2662;8;Comments have been made about he's old, bad tone, always plays the same old thing- well there is the pentatonic scale and it's how you use it.
2662;9;Bruce in the bass, Baker with that fabulous solo in Toad or the living legend of the guitar Eric Clapton at their best, proving the quality and artistic conviction make fun of the time...What a great CD.
2662;10;I have grown tired of Clapton's work over the last couple of decades, but here his playing is fresh and alive again.
2663;1;That is a good thing though,maybe not for Ferry&Co.,but certainly for those of us who enjoy music that is not always playing for a mass appeal...Now for those of you who love this album, but have never heard much else from the world of ROXY,you may want to perk up your ears and give a listen to earlier stuff.
2663;2;The saxaphone in "Tara" is as sharp as a sun rise..."While My Hear is Still Beating" is the most mournful of the songs with its sad, brooding, moody tone..."The Main Thing" will make you realize the influence of Roxy Music on The Talking Head's Stop Making Sense..."Take a Chance with Me" has links to such diverse talent as Chris Issaks.
2663;3;Bryan Ferry and the rest of Roxy show us what really good music sounds like.
2663;4;Paul Carrack's beautiful piano gives the song a very different, quite soulful tone in a masterful way..."Take A Chance With Me" was another European single, and shows Andy Mackay's last workout on oboe, perfectly matching the rest of the album...Probably owing to its unusually atmospheric tone, "Avalon" could get no higher than #53 on the Billboard chart.
2663;5;Anyway, I'm really glad I read the great reviews and picked up this album because it is amazing.
2663;6;This disc is absolutely the finest example of the medium I have heard...The sound is very open and clean, the mix (Bob Clearmountain & Rhett Davies) is tastefully done as far as what instrumentation is on what channel.
2663;7;I'm listening to it in my car now, and STILL love it!
2663;8;The lyrics evoke a post-party ennui, though, and the music is incredibly seductive.
2663;9;"Take a Chance with Me" is a gorgeous statement of what a love song really should be, especially potent in today's world of high school dances where a "boy band" tune is the class song (which was my case this year.)
2663;10;I got the vinyl version in 1982 as a wedding gift, and later the first CD issue a couple years later.
2660;1;Good music - enjoyed it.
2660;2;This was part of a gift basket for my friends 60th - she thought it was great!
2660;3;Very good CD, easy listening
2660;4;used for school gym class the students loved it
2660;5;This was part of a gift basket for my friends 60th - she thought it was great!
2660;6;I bought one for the house and one for my car.
2660;7;I bought one for the house and one for my car.
2660;8;This was part of a gift basket for my friends 60th - she thought it was great!
2660;9;Fun to use for a party!
2660;10;I will purchase this disc in a couple years if it is still available, because I love the music from that time era.
2661;1;There is nothing more to say really except this... If you have ANY taste in good "music" you will (at the very least) enjoy and respect this album.
2661;2;With beautifully blended riffs, powerful symphonic orchestration and some pretty good downright grunge in many areas, this is one of the worlds most talented group of musicians you'll ever listen to...The negative critics of this album are obviously not musicians and cannot appreciate the music blending and talent of this band.
2661;3;Tuomas does some of his best work on this album and Marco 's song was good as well.
2661;4;Tarja has the perfect voice for this band.
2661;5;Many songs use a 20-something piece orchestra and you can hear it in throughout the production...I read that this was the same orchestra that Pip Williams used to record the Lord of the Rings soundtrack!!!
2661;6;And see them live and support Nightwish and make them feel at home during their first American Tour!
2661;7;This album has both speedy metal and slower songs, all driven by her voice and the synthesizer.
2661;8;Once is another powerful album by the band, showing a lot of emotion from all members.
2661;9;It's something new and fun!
2661;10;All true fans will love this album.
2666;1;I love to share good things and this is something to be happy about.
2666;2;Regardless of the sycophant, that statement will die a quiet death, and Bella Donna will continue shining.
2666;3;She was taught to sing and play by her grandfather, a locally popular country singer, and BELLA DONNA is dedicated to him and to his progeny...BELLA DONNA is considered a classic album, and there's a very good reason.
2666;4;Regardless of the sycophant, that statement will die a quiet death, and Bella Donna will continue shining.
2666;5;Regardless of the sycophant, that statement will die a quiet death, and Bella Donna will continue shining.
2666;6;I thought I had this CD  I do but not the deluxe set like this one is  it has more songs I absolutely love Stevie Nicks it has become one of my favorite CDs to blast while cleaning my house
2666;7;Good addition to my travel music.
2666;8;Those interesting lyrics, and that distinctice raspy voice makes for an excellent Stevie CD.
2666;9;Regardless of the sycophant, that statement will die a quiet death, and Bella Donna will continue shining.
2666;10;The Highwayman is an ode of love, of course, but the romanticism of lonely togetherness that love provides two people.
2667;1;From rollicking good time music like Rag Mama Rag and Jemima Surrender to the melancholy of Whispering Pines and Rocking Chair the Band does something very few albums or novels can do well: bring to a life a cast of characters from another time and make them human...While every song is great, King Harvest stands at the top of the Band's work with its desperate farmer pleading for nature to save his crops.
2667;2;Just listen.....Hear those Wispering Pines....Hear the stories they tell, feel the pain and the joy.
2667;3;From rollicking good time music like Rag Mama Rag and Jemima Surrender to the melancholy of Whispering Pines and Rocking Chair the Band does something very few albums or novels can do well: bring to a life a cast of characters from another time and make them human...While every song is great, King Harvest stands at the top of the Band's work with its desperate farmer pleading for nature to save his crops.
2667;4;From rollicking good time music like Rag Mama Rag and Jemima Surrender to the melancholy of Whispering Pines and Rocking Chair the Band does something very few albums or novels can do well: bring to a life a cast of characters from another time and make them human...While every song is great, King Harvest stands at the top of the Band's work with its desperate farmer pleading for nature to save his crops.
2667;5;With my 'Music From Big Pink' review I focused on how great the addition of the bonus tracks are.
2667;6;And while more could be said about them than that, there is plenty to say about this album and that is where the review will be focused...The album opens with "Across the Great Divide" and it sets the tone for the very down home Americana feel of this album full of uniformly excellent songs.
2667;7;The Night they drove old dixie down.......is one of our favorites.
2667;8;Conversely, some tracks place the emphasis on a literary quality, that is a character based lyric.
2667;9;AND it's my pick for the best Band song), the gentle, swaying anthem The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down, with an enormously catchy sing-along chorus and very vivid imagery
2667;10;The Band persists...My 18 year-old son and a couple of his local pals love their music and he even tries to interest his college friends in their music.
2664;1;I really enjoyed her first album, and this one is just as good.
2664;2;I was surprized that this CD has lots of bad reviews the first time I listened to it it seemed very mellow to me but it really grows on you there are a few great songs on here and the rest are very good.
2664;3;I was surprized that this CD has lots of bad reviews the first time I listened to it it seemed very mellow to me but it really grows on you there are a few great songs on here and the rest are very good.
2664;4;I could visualize images of toes touching water and a person swimming with fish as Norah sang this wonderful song.
2664;5;I laugh when I read the reviews of people who say it's a disappointment, etc.
2664;6;Needless to say that Norah's first CD was excellent, but her new one "Feels Like Home" does feel like home.
2664;7;It's amazing how her music becomes part of your soul...whether in a quiet place, in the car.
2664;8;Sorry...This track is intense (not loud), with a wonderful buildup and easy flowing rhythm punctuated by passionate lyrics that then break into cool but subdued R&B.
2664;9;This is a fun track, and it's easy to imagine the two artists dancing arm in arm down a country road.
2664;10;I loved the smooth silky romantic quality of the song Don't Miss You at All.
2665;1;My wife and I especially have enjoyed the song "MOM", but also the fun "RODEO AND JULIET".
2665;2;Country songs, and especially Garth Brooks songs, are usually about the lyrics and sometimes they're a bit hard to make out here.
2665;3;Man Against Machine, Garth Brooks CD  is very good.
2665;4;Country songs, and especially Garth Brooks songs, are usually about the lyrics and sometimes they're a bit hard to make out here.
2665;5;Country songs, and especially Garth Brooks songs, are usually about the lyrics and sometimes they're a bit hard to make out here.
2665;6;Country songs, and especially Garth Brooks songs, are usually about the lyrics and sometimes they're a bit hard to make out here.
2665;7;Country songs, and especially Garth Brooks songs, are usually about the lyrics and sometimes they're a bit hard to make out here.
2665;8;Country songs, and especially Garth Brooks songs, are usually about the lyrics and sometimes they're a bit hard to make out here.
2665;9;He's written all the songs about rodeos and dances and river and ropin' and all manner of the cowboy lifestyle.
2665;10;It's Garth Brooks being Garth Brooks, which in my mind is better than anything I've heard released on country radio since he went into retirement to take care of his children...Overall I think this is a perfect re-introduction to Garth that his old-time fans will love and new fans will quickly get a sense of his music and the artist that he is.
2670;1;Fantastic separation and clarity, strong but articulate and not overpowering bass that will show you what your subwoofer is capable of, and then there's the music...My personal favorite SW vehicle will always be Porcupine Tree, but it's impossible to deny the considerable chemistry he's put together with this phenomenal band of studio aces, amazing musicians who all come together brilliantly to support Steven's unique vision and blend of classic and modern prog influences and tones.
2670;2;This is a perfect release from front-to-back and I have literally nothing bad to say about it.
2670;3;The first four songs are very good, but for me, this album really shines from Routine to the end.
2670;4;This is Steven's best solo work yet, IMO, which is saying something considering the excellence of The Raven That Refused To Sing, but it is without a doubt some of his most mature, fully-realized songwriting to date, and a dynamic and rewarding sonic experience from beginning to end...Simply a glorious record, and the 5.1 blu-ray audio is the only way to hear it given true justice.
2670;5;For those who would like a detailed breakdown of the individual tracks (and don't mind the spoilers), please feel free to read below:.
2670;6;After the concert and driving home in the dark in a better frame of mind had me move it back up to 5-star status.
2670;7;After the concert and driving home in the dark in a better frame of mind had me move it back up to 5-star status.
2670;8;This is a perfect release from front-to-back and I have literally nothing bad to say about it.
2670;9;Tackling such themes as family, friendship, love, loss, isolation and death, Steven Wilson has composed a song cycle which, in the space of just under an hour, takes the listener on an emotional roller coaster ride...Especially memorable are the albums most heart wrenching moments.
2670;10;Layered sounds that fans have loved all along.
2671;1;It makes a good gift for all age  groups cause there is no bad language and all the songs are up beat and  happy sounding.
2671;2;It makes a good gift for all age  groups cause there is no bad language and all the songs are up beat and  happy sounding.
2671;3;It makes a good gift for all age  groups cause there is no bad language and all the songs are up beat and  happy sounding.
2671;4;I love all the tracks except for like one or two, always cheers me up, the tracks actually sound different from each other.
2671;5;After reading this, two words should come to your mind: 'Buy it'!
2671;6;*NSYNC is a good, clean act for kids and teens.
2671;7;I drive to work and listen to the tape and it just puts me in a great mood.
2671;8;Beautiful melody, beautiful lyrics, beautiful Justin voice.
2671;9;All the songs are fun to dance and sing with.
2671;10;My girlfriend & I have made love to this song hundreds of times.
2668;1;If you are unfamiliar with them, and want to hear very good "boogey" rock from a most influential American southern rock group, you will be very happy with this choice.
2668;2;Fast shipping, well packaged, perfect product, great music, thanks.
2668;3;Excellent compikation of good ZZ Hits!
2668;4;Fast shipping, well packaged, perfect product, great music, thanks.
2668;5;At a certain point both fans and record company turn away from your music and focus on what's hot now.
2668;6;Fast shipping, well packaged, perfect product, great music, thanks.
2668;7;Crank it up and enjoy, especially since this is such great "driving" music, the kind you played as loud as possible while out cruising Southern California in your car (again, pre over-crowded freeway days).
2668;8;ZZ TOP amanges to mix blues-rock, hard rock and rock into an amazing sound with great lyrics and atmosphere.
2668;9;I remember the fun times 35 years ago rocking to ZZTop.
2668;10;They even threw in a couple of new songs, Gun Love and their version of Elvis' Viva Las Vegas...<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/ZZ-Top-Greatest-Hits/dp/B000002LSV/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">ZZ Top - Greatest Hits</a>&nbsp
2669;1;That is a good thing though,maybe not for Ferry&Co.,but certainly for those of us who enjoy music that is not always playing for a mass appeal...Now for those of you who love this album, but have never heard much else from the world of ROXY,you may want to perk up your ears and give a listen to earlier stuff.
2669;2;The saxaphone in "Tara" is as sharp as a sun rise..."While My Hear is Still Beating" is the most mournful of the songs with its sad, brooding, moody tone..."The Main Thing" will make you realize the influence of Roxy Music on The Talking Head's Stop Making Sense..."Take a Chance with Me" has links to such diverse talent as Chris Issaks.
2669;3;Now in this version we get a very well produced mini-lp sleeve replica which comes with all the lyrics in English and Japanese but most importantly of all, the remastering job is very, very good resulting in a wonderfully good sound quality which makes this album sound just as fresh today as it did when it first came out more than 20 years ago.
2669;4;Paul Carrack's beautiful piano gives the song a very different, quite soulful tone in a masterful way..."Take A Chance With Me" was another European single, and shows Andy Mackay's last workout on oboe, perfectly matching the rest of the album...Probably owing to its unusually atmospheric tone, "Avalon" could get no higher than #53 on the Billboard chart.
2669;5;I read the reviews for this hybrid SACD with great interest, wondering if the CD layer was as fantastic as the SACD layer was reported to be.
2669;6;This disc is absolutely the finest example of the medium I have heard...The sound is very open and clean, the mix (Bob Clearmountain & Rhett Davies) is tastefully done as far as what instrumentation is on what channel.
2669;7;It has a musical motion and movement to it that is perfect for a road trip.
2669;8;Now in this version we get a very well produced mini-lp sleeve replica which comes with all the lyrics in English and Japanese but most importantly of all, the remastering job is very, very good resulting in a wonderfully good sound quality which makes this album sound just as fresh today as it did when it first came out more than 20 years ago.
2669;9;Only Great Gig has that same sort of distant, epic feminine wail at its best...And no joke, this is the perfect makin' out record, though I always preferred it afterwards..."Now the party's over, and I'm so tiiiired..."...If you've never heard Avalon, you are in for a serious treat.
2669;10;The elegant soundscapes of Ferry's synthesizer and Andy Mackay's saxophone ("India," "Tara") and Ferry's romantic crooning ("More Than This," "Avalon," "Take a Chance With Me") made a graceful deprature for the band.
2641;1;She was really happy to get it...I myself have owned one Little Feat album (their first one) before getting this for my mother, and I did enjoy it quite a bit.
2641;2;You'll agree this is fantastic!
2641;3;This music is as good as anywhere to start when approaching LITTLE FEAT's  many incarnations and judging by their recent dead-on-arrival releases THE  place to start .
2641;4;You'll agree this is fantastic!
2641;5;To me, 'Electrif Lycanthrope' is much better: more focused, fiercer performances and even better sound.
2641;6;I think this is their best stuff from the 1970's with Lowell George and it just cooks Cajun style.
2641;7;They showed all the fun, the mystery, the wildness, the drive, the interaction and the creativity that rock bands are supposed to be about.
2641;8;The lyrics are sort of hilarious about being over the hill and my interpretation of a few of the lines is that you can't hang with the boys anymore so to speak, even when you and your body still *think* you can, haha.
2641;9;All through college this album was played at every party I ever attended!
2641;10;The songs from Time Loves a Hero, in particular, are a revelation, especially A Day at the Dog Races, which comes off as Feats's Mountain Jam.
2640;1;This is a good album I remember when this group came around and there suscess went over like a wave I like this group it was hard to see Keith gone but he left a lot of good work behind for us to enjoy
2640;2;Cobain's voice in the verses is amazing - the bitterness and proximity to collapse are almost tangible - but it's the bridge to the chorus, in which he simply roars "pain," that's really remarkable.
2640;3;For a pretty good collective of the music landscape changing geniuses, this is pretty good.
2640;4;In Britain Nirvana definitely broke on through in a major way and appears to remain relevant with many younger persons sporting their shirts and records far long after their initial original phase...Unique songwriting and strong creative songs and melodies this group came through like a freight train into the mainstream not only in America but here in the UK too.
2640;5;Eventually he got his wish granted, and this stands as the Best and most affordable Nirvana compilation out there, and read below to find out why:.
2640;6;These songs JUMP OUT at you, sound fresh and clean, and sing in your head like new-born flowers in Spring!
2640;7;What can I say about this Great band that hasn't been said before this band is just totally Ground breaking and this C.D. truely shows it Kurt Cobain has a very raspy yet unique voice that drives us for more Nirvana will always live on.1.
2640;8;The lyrics are better than perfect, and the meaning of the song is overwhelmingly sad.
2640;9;For me, the album is infectious.
2640;10;I love the infectious opening basslines to "Come As You Are".
2643;1;I had recordings of T.P.s music, but I found that this cd has the majority of the music that I enjoyed "Back In The Good Ole Days!
2643;2;All the best except for Be For Real which was recorded with the blue notes.
2643;3;Strong power, Incredible arrangements, remarkable lyrics, very live and good taste.
2643;4;Teddy Pendergrass so far was the epitome of using the art of love and life mixed together.
2643;5;Teddy Pendergrass so far was the epitome of using the art of love and life mixed together.
2643;6;Teddy Pendergrass so far was the epitome of using the art of love and life mixed together.
2643;7;Great for long or short drives, Teddy has a very unique voice and well written tunes arranged for sensitive ears.
2643;8;Strong power, Incredible arrangements, remarkable lyrics, very live and good taste.
2643;9;Teddy Pendergrass so far was the epitome of using the art of love and life mixed together.
2643;10;Teddy Pendergrass so far was the epitome of using the art of love and life mixed together.
2642;1;Incubus' morning view is the only incubus album I have and it is truly the best album I have right now, I want to personally thank them for writing about happy topics, because it makes me feel so so good.
2642;2;If I was to pick out a bad track ths would be hard well blood on ground is not as immediately brilliant but it kinda fits in the album.
2642;3;I thought SCIENCE and Make Yourself were both quite good, but I didn't buy Morning View because I'd heard bad things.
2642;4;It's a better album than Make Yourself as well as Science which I consider their other 2 best.
2642;5;There are so many good reviews
2642;6;It's a better album than Make Yourself as well as Science which I consider their other 2 best.
2642;7;The unknown quintet sparked little interest in popular music until their 2000 release, Make Yourself hit radio airwaves with singles, "Pardon Me" and "Drive."
2642;8;Here is a band that constatnly puts a lot of its emotions into its lyrics and music.
2642;9;is a really cool song that should be played at parties and barbecues cuz it has a really chill vibe to it.
2642;10;I love the gate fold, (so cool).
2645;1;I'm sure he was a pain in the you-know-what at times, but the guy is not the freakin devil, give him a break- he wrote lots of the lyrics and was alot of the fun in the band- a good counterbalance to Brians self-absorbed genius).
2645;2;These songs make me sad, but they are still beautiful songs with great lyrics.
2645;3;The guitar playing and percussion instruments sound so good here.
2645;4;This song fills me with a sense of hope.
2645;5;Jeff, originally an outsider but a loving friend, sings "I'll give you shelter from the storm," which can be read symbolically as his care for Brian and the BB.
2645;6;"Beaches In Mind" is another favorite of mind here,another rhythmically involved soul oriented number...  However it is on the latter songs here from "Strange World" to the slower "From There To Back Again","Pacific Coast Highway" and the moving closer "Summer's Gone" that they bring the point home.
2645;7;I love listening to the radio in the car.
2645;8;These songs make me sad, but they are still beautiful songs with great lyrics.
2645;9;Their harmonies are still the best around, and their music soothing and fun to dance to.
2645;10;"Daybreak Over The Ocean" is a sweet love song.
2644;1;Songs I enjoy the most are 'ETHER' (one of the best diss songs I've heard, I hate Gay-Z and it's good to see Nas can tear him to bits), 'GOT URSELF A..
2644;2;Truly one of the best songs on the album.
2644;3;The first ten songs are definitely the best (although the rest are good too) and it can be listened to again and again without losing listenability.
2644;4;Truly one of the best songs on the album.
2644;5;Cormega is another main focus of one of the greatest lyricists/poets of all-time.
2644;6;Truly one of the best songs on the album.
2644;7;And the hip hop dedicated track "One Mic", which proved that he didn't need cash or cars or jewels.
2644;8;If you are looking for a good rap cd with tight beats and lyrics to match....then "Stillmatic" is the one for you.
2644;9;It's fun (and pretty rare) to listen to a catchy rap that actually says something besides merely celebrating ho's, dope, and guns.
2644;10;Much love Nas and QB.
2647;1;The 10 minute closer , TO BE OVER , is as good as the band ever got , with a quiet intro , Steve Howe  sounding like a surfer emerging from a cloud bank , and then playing an impossible sounding solo as Pat Moraz weaves around it quite confidently .
2647;2;The final part of Gates of Delerium, the sad aftermath of the battle is breathtaking in its emotional impact.
2647;3;This wasn't just peace, love, and harmony Yes.
2647;4;Roger Dean sported some excellent artwork on the front and back covers.
2647;5;I did not get to hear ( also read "See" since the Gatefold experience of a Vinyl.disappears on a regular CD for the most part ) this album until probably after I had defined YES with the key.covers I had seen
2647;6;These two works were off the charts alien, yet compellingly intriguing and utterly electrifying...Patrick Moraz must be given credit for not only integrating into his new home, but for inspiring the others to explore a completely new direction in sound.
2647;7;But, in the end, _Relayer_ is a trip worth taking.
2647;8;It has every  classic Yes moment in one six-minute masterpiece: dreamy fantasy lyrics, a  rocking guitar solo, thumping bass, an ear-ticking keyboard run, and lots  of slide guitar.
2647;9;This song is peppy and almost fun, and the vocals are catchy and almost evoke Yes Album melodies.
2647;10;This wasn't just peace, love, and harmony Yes.
2646;1;"Gon' Be Alright" is a fantastic way to end the album-with a thick and live rock 'n soul styled uptempo jam out of the late 60's Sly & The Family Stone school-complete with lead and bass vocal trade offs...  One of the qualities I've enjoyed of Janet's vocals in the last decade or so is how she's dropped into her lower range.
2646;2;It made me tear up, because of how the beauty of her voice brought back so many memories (the good, the bad, the ugly, and the beautiful).
2646;3;It made me tear up, because of how the beauty of her voice brought back so many memories (the good, the bad, the ugly, and the beautiful).
2646;4;This album finds the artist in just the right place to realize who she is,and what her sound is.
2646;5;I decided to read the lyrics of every song before my second spin and the flood gates of exuberance and appreciation appeared.
2646;6;This sumptuous track would be equally at home in an R&B "Quiet Storm" radio hour or a chic martini lounge.
2646;7;The upbeat and relaxing "Broken Hearts Heal," an ode to her late brother Michael, is far from a lament and instead a trip down memory lane with its perfect harmonizing on the chorus.
2646;8;"Black Eagle" raises in tempo with it's jingling,light percussive sound reflects the pleas for love and peace in the lyrics.
2646;9;I love this song, it's so much fun, but not cheap, it makes me want to dance and brought back the magic that Janet has given us through her dance tracks.
2646;10;"Black Eagle" raises in tempo with it's jingling,light percussive sound reflects the pleas for love and peace in the lyrics.
2649;1;I really enjoy the whole cd, it sounds so good and there is no filler at all.
2649;2;'96 was such a great year, my personal freedom year '96 from abuse, and a very sad in the same respect.
2649;3;40oz To Freedom ranged from okay to good, Robbin' The Hood ranged from bad to good (if you like their style in this one) and their self-titled was pretty much a flawless record.
2649;4;my favorite and with memories that are everlasting.
2649;5;It focuses more on mellower, ska/reggae style.
2649;6;my favorite and with memories that are everlasting.
2649;7;Perfect for a hot sunny day at the beach, cruisin in your car, or driving up to the mountain to go snowboarding.
2649;8;'96 was such a great year, my personal freedom year '96 from abuse, and a very sad in the same respect.
2649;9;sun splash '96 reggae ska fun in the sun.
2649;10;... Although I don't think I ever used it once with this album...I love sublime and all of their songs are hits for me.
2648;1;I Still enjoy listening to it.
2648;2;Anythin' he touched in the 70's was great...even those bad diso albums....
2648;3;Still a must have for anyone wanting that good Mayfield  vibe!!
2648;4;"Junkie Chase" is a brief instrumental that has a urgent intensity, with speedy funk guitars, and dramatic brass sections, with sharp trumpet arrangements all working together the convey the speed of a chase scene via an instrumental funk workout, admittedly I wished this instrumental was several minutes longer.
2648;5;But the most truly amazing thing is how a social consciousness, crept into the songs and made for powerful climatic stories contained within the songs that at the very least, require listeners to read the lyrics and see how seamlessly intergrated the lyrics run concurrently with the movie, and perfectly reflect pivotal scenes in the film.
2648;6;The old booklet is nice but not necessary.
2648;7;People who only saw the movie  once still quote from the lyrics... maybe you even have your own Back in  the Day Superfly memories...  keep this in your car for long trips, for  entertaining company, and get this fantastic repackaging to dig even deeper  into not an album... a cultural institution.
2648;8;People who only saw the movie  once still quote from the lyrics... maybe you even have your own Back in  the Day Superfly memories...  keep this in your car for long trips, for  entertaining company, and get this fantastic repackaging to dig even deeper  into not an album... a cultural institution.
2648;9;The soundtrack format fits Mayfield's music well because it inspired him to add lots of great cinematic touches that make "Superfly" more than just a party album.
2648;10;Little Child, Runnin' Wild is a triumph of Mayfield's arranging skills
2651;1;It's good for a lump in the throat
2651;2;There are a couple of lesser moments ("Sugar Daddy" is somewhat forgettable in spite of its enjoyable melody, and the single version of "Blue letter" sounds like an exact copy of the album version), but one thing you will not find on this album is a bad song - they are all perfectly segued, moving like one natural, coherent and beautiful chain of songs, which is quite surprising given the very distinctive and different personalities of the band's songwriters.
2651;3;It's good for a lump in the throat
2651;4;Many of the other songs from both albums continue to get good play as well.
2651;5;Many of the other songs from both albums continue to get good play as well.
2651;6;This is clean guitar rock, with crisp vocals, and beautiful harmonies.
2651;7;Even the rhythm section of John and Mick seemed newly empowered with a dynamism like a well calibrated clock, driving the beat and standing out enough to make their instruments primary gears in the clockwork.
2651;8;From this point on, you can hear Lindsey Buckingham's "Monday Morning", which is a great, up-lifting opening with happy rock'n'roll sounds and a great electric/acoustic guitar work that hides somehow sad and frustrating lyrics ("got to get some peace in my mind"), seeing the break-up with Stevie Nicks coming.
2651;9;Make sure you pick up both for some tasteful, moving, sensuous (and sometimes fun) pop music.
2651;10;The result it, of course, the Fleetwood Mac that we have all come to know and love.
2650;1;It's good for a lump in the throat
2650;2;There are a couple of lesser moments ("Sugar Daddy" is somewhat forgettable in spite of its enjoyable melody, and the single version of "Blue letter" sounds like an exact copy of the album version), but one thing you will not find on this album is a bad song - they are all perfectly segued, moving like one natural, coherent and beautiful chain of songs, which is quite surprising given the very distinctive and different personalities of the band's songwriters.
2650;3;It's good for a lump in the throat
2650;4;"World Turning" proved to be a track that, prior to hearing it on this CD, I honestly can't recall when I heard it last, it's been so long, yet I recognized the tune, as long-lost from my conscious memory as it was, within the first, few seconds and then suddenly realized that I had never successfully placed it as actually being a Fleetwood Mac tune - a pleasant surprise for me.
2650;5;"World Turning" proved to be a track that, prior to hearing it on this CD, I honestly can't recall when I heard it last, it's been so long, yet I recognized the tune, as long-lost from my conscious memory as it was, within the first, few seconds and then suddenly realized that I had never successfully placed it as actually being a Fleetwood Mac tune - a pleasant surprise for me.
2650;6;This is clean guitar rock, with crisp vocals, and beautiful harmonies.
2650;7;"Crystal" is an amazing song due to it's wave-like movement as Lindsey realizes he has been immersed by his love which drives him for a clensing to the sea.
2650;8;It's good for a lump in the throat
2650;9;Make sure you pick up both for some tasteful, moving, sensuous (and sometimes fun) pop music.
2650;10;Another pleasant song, with Stevie on backing vocals...Sugar daddy - sort of a variation on "Say you love me" as far as the piano/organ goes, I think.
2653;1;"Deadwing" is fantastic-- not quite the masterpiece I thought "Signify" was, but it's awfully good.
2653;2;There isn't one bad song on the whole album, and Porcupine Tree does a wonderful job of switching back and fourth between soft and heavy in their songs which is really cool when you think about it.
2653;3;Mellotron Scratch does a good job of easing the mood as its calm but still rhythmic acoustic guitars turn down the volume while keeping up the pace.
2653;4;I do hear some Tool-sounding moments, but I also catch some 70s King Crimson flavors that are intriguing and interest
2653;5;If you are reading this review, I hope you find your halo.
2653;6;"Lazarus" is a fantastically gorgeous, docile, and all-around heavenly ballad with breathtaking, placid string arrangements, some cool piano keys, and U2-meets-Coldplay-inspired clean vocal cooing.
2653;7;Mellotron Scratch: what a beauty of a song, with clear-cut choruses and incredible ending (reminds me of some N'SYNC songs, not meaning they are similar in any way)...Open Car: Mind-blowing !
2653;8;But all the songs help to create a musical meltdown with lyrics filled with emotion and intellect.
2653;9;Great, new, creative, rocky, spacy, complicated and Fun.
2653;10;I love Porcupine Tree's ability to easily switch gears from a straight-forward groove rocker like "Halo" to a subtle ballad like "Lazarus," and then transition to the centerpiece of the album "Arriving Somewhere Not Here" which builds from quiet ambient to full metallic power...As with their previous album "In Absentia," and much of the rest of their catalog, the band creates accessible yet challenging pieces that still seem fresh after many repeated listens.
2652;1;Sweeping melodies and heartfelt, honest lyrics from someone who's not afraid to say, "Okay, on that day, I was happy, but then over here I was totally crappy."
2652;2;It sounds nice and fresh...Her new band members are not bad.
2652;3;All of the songs, regardless of topic reflect an artist that has experienced much growth and continues to growth through the good times and the bad... Overall, this is a CD full of the new and of the familiar.
2652;4;An unexpectedly brilliant foray into "rougher" territory..."Tapes" catches you off-guard.
2652;5;"Moratorium" is her oath to focus on herself for awhile and take a break from her quest to find a soul mate.
2652;6;This CD rocks the house!
2652;7;An unexpectedly brilliant foray into "rougher" territory..."Tapes" catches you off-guard.
2652;8;These songs are filled with raw emotion and personal lyrics that makes it easy to relate to them.
2652;9;Just complete and utter fun.
2652;10;"Citizen of the Planet" starts out familiarly (go back and listen to "So-Called Chaos" from the album of the same name), but the song takes a strikingly different direction and accomplishes something its predecessor didn't: strong, emotive vocals coupled with a powerful accompaniment that doesn't leave you hungering for something more substantial..."Versions of Violence" is ideal for those who like their music with more of an edge.
2655;1;I remember Anita back in the day,when you could sit and listen to some good singing and just enjoy life.
2655;2;She puts into words all the emotions that go along with love.
2655;3;Buy the CD and get you some good loving tonight.
2655;4;She puts into words all the emotions that go along with love.
2655;5;She puts into words all the emotions that go along with love.
2655;6;She puts into words all the emotions that go along with love.
2655;7;Best of Anita Baker is right.....this woman is such a good singer and her songs bring back so many memories of me and my Mom singing to her in the car when i was little.
2655;8;She puts into words all the emotions that go along with love.
2655;9;She puts into words all the emotions that go along with love.
2655;10;As are the eveloping seduction of Good Love and romantic Giving You the Best That I Got.
2654;1;I am very happy with this purchase, I keep it in the car, also it is nice to have the DVD, a little extra to enjoy.
2654;2;I also love their YouTube videos--very creative and interesting.
2654;3;Very good showmen in the DVD.
2654;4;I also love their YouTube videos--very creative and interesting.
2654;5;I also love their YouTube videos--very creative and interesting.
2654;6;I also love their YouTube videos--very creative and interesting.
2654;7;I am very happy with this purchase, I keep it in the car, also it is nice to have the DVD, a little extra to enjoy.
2654;8;I always wanted lyrics something to sing too, but this is amazing!!
2654;9;The Piano Guys are so creative and fun with their music.
2654;10;I also love their YouTube videos--very creative and interesting.
2624;1;and of course Honey - Fantastic to dance on, very fun and it shows off Mariah's fantastic range.
2624;2;Sad, beautiful and brilliant are the words to describe this album.
2624;3;The Beautiful Ones - i love this remake...mariah and dru hill sound good together.
2624;4;This is pure R&B brilliance that never gets old and serves as one of the best tracks on the album (check out the remix with Mobb Deep
2624;5;This song is most interesting because it reads like a book.
2624;6;getting this album home was the best thing that ever happend to me.
2624;7;In the style of "Underneath the Stars", "Fourth Of July" takes us on a sweet, sensual trip of intimate discovery and connection.....6.
2624;8;The lyrics are very expressive and the emotion in Carey's voice is supreme.
2624;9;Honey (5/5)-Very fun dance, summer song.
2624;10;A lot of him initial love for this album has to do with that infectious first single `Honey' and that jaw dropping music video, but that track aside `Butterfly' is a phenomenally complete album that delivers everywhere...I'll start by singling out Mariah's hip-hop influenced R&B tracks.
2625;1;So I'm really happy with CDE for that alone.
2625;2;Perfect example of a song that was brilliant but never made it on to an album/CD until the very end on a box set was  "hey hey what can I do" The fact is that "in through the out door" was a very very weak, if not bad album/CD and CODA was a great way to end a brilliant career.
2625;3;"Wearing and Tearing" finishes out the album, and it's a dang good way to go out.
2625;4;A great CD at a great price and great service.
2625;5;Unlike other reviews that i have read this album, aside from one cut, has very little to do with the blues but everything to do with highlighting raw vintage Zep, and with particular emphasis put on the most powerful rock and roll drummer of all time
2625;6;The rest of this disc is really tight and shows that they were really getting tighter as they went along from Houses of The Holy to this album.
2625;7;Bombay sessions material is ridiculously great, St. Tristans Sword amazing guitar driven instrumental.
2625;8;Perfect example of a song that was brilliant but never made it on to an album/CD until the very end on a box set was  "hey hey what can I do" The fact is that "in through the out door" was a very very weak, if not bad album/CD and CODA was a great way to end a brilliant career.
2625;9;This album is one of Zeppelin's fun intrumental albums.
2625;10;If you love rock, you love Led Zeppelin.
2626;1;1971 was a very good year and this lp was a MONSTER.personaly ,I found it hard to get off the first side of this one ,adding the 2nd guitar player freed up the whole ball of wax listening habits are different now but in the days off having to get off the floor to flip the side....you were just as happy to keep it on side one...........what a powerful statement
2626;2;This record in particular is an example of what originality and talent the band possesd, thier is truly not a bad cut on this album and things were only going to get better from here.
2626;3;And relax (This a disavantage when listening a cd: it just continues right to the next track .
2626;4;The best Santana album there is.
2626;5;His vision is timeless and focused.
2626;6;I will keep it simple, I have been a fan since 1969 and this still sounds clean and fresh and young with it's blend of Latin,Afro-Cuban,Blues Rhythms !!
2626;7;So special to have cuts from Woodstock where Carlos shared in a recent interview that he was tripping and he was hallucinating the guitar neck came alive as a snake!
2626;8;Excellent...Now, please be ready  and don't say you do not feel THAT emotion from the very first start of the track, with that short double-outburst of the persussion (short but UNIQUE intro!)
2626;9;Playing tracks from this album, Santana's massive success at  Woodstock proved that generating simple "let your hair down" enjoyment was  still an essential ingredient in "progressive" rock...As such, this album  fully justifies "classic" status and a great deal more  recognition - it'll also give you many hours/years of fun!
2626;10;Got as christmas gift and I love santana this will be a great addition to my collection
2627;1;It's one of Rush's best openers, full of energy and raw power and emotion.
2627;2;It's one of Rush's best openers, full of energy and raw power and emotion.
2627;3;There are enough good songs on Snakes & Arrows to make me give it a 5-star rating.
2627;4;It's one of Rush's best openers, full of energy and raw power and emotion.
2627;5;Neil Peart's drumming is spirited and energetic here
2627;6;Rush really hit home with this record - a true classic in the making.
2627;7;They take a trip across the spectrum of human experience, set it to music, and pull you in with driving beats, pounding rhythms, and variety not found in a lot of albums.
2627;8;The lyrics are outstanding as always and deal with some of drummer/lyricist Neil Peart's favorite topics - war, religion, faith and a gamut of other emotions that make up the basis of the overall theme - humanity and trying to survive in these trying times...Texturally, this is a very rich record, with plenty of acoustic guitars and layered vocals, however keyboards are once again used at a very minimum.
2627;9;After that we have "Malignant Narcissism," which is basically just Rush goofing around and having fun, which is great to hear.
2627;10;Some I love, some I merely like and there's a couple I don't like much at all...This is not one of the latter...I love this album.
2628;1;are amazing the best certnlyi.the others are an okey songs , some good parts , and some are avrage , but its no disturb (at least for me) its not bother me to enjoy this album from the start to finis, hope this one helped peace out
2628;2;Obviously a personal story of how manson himself was a weiner of a little boy and grew up to be a strong powerfull person, it also shows how when things are abused and given pain, they grow up to abuse others and give pain to others.
2628;3;This is too bad, because this album is very smart, a good rock album, and a great industrial album.
2628;4;There will be times in your life that are hard, your eyes will open and you will see one of these songs in a new light, and realize that this man is another flawed but restless traveler, earnestly searching for answers...This is the best workout album.
2628;5;Now I'll make my mandatory statement about the people behind the music: One of the most interesting things I've ever read was Mr. Manson's claim that everyone focuses on the "evil" part of his name (Manson), and not the "beautiful" part (Marilyn).
2628;6;You feel the theme of the album is further driven home by this track.
2628;7;Loved it, going to see him in August so now have one of my faves to jam on the road trip.
2628;8;While listening to this album, I also loved how much emotion and feeling is expressed by Marilyn in the lyrics to each song and I actually found some of the songs to be very relaxing and therapeutic long with the amazing rock elements infused throughout the entire thing.
2628;9;Song about a boy that was made fun of and ostracized by people earlier in his life.
2628;10;Angel with The Scabbed Wings 10/10....another brilliant song...one of my favourites...i love the lyrics...the gothic rage...and the industrial sound.
2629;1;The Best Foo Fighters CD in 15 years- arguably some of their best songs - excellent production, fantastic playing by all- Taylor's drums sound sooo good - great guitars, and some ultra catchy hooks that will make you want to listen to it all over again when your done.
2629;2;Great CD, not a bad song on it.
2629;3;There are no bad songs on here, or even just good, all of them are great, or even excellent.
2629;4;Great rock show, but wondered how they would sound in a finished product and they do sound great.
2629;5;Sadly, there's also no surprises like "Ain't It the Life" or "Virginia Moon," but the band has focused on its hard-rock roots and shown that they do it better than anyone...With three guitarists now, all are utilized to great effect, most notably on songs like "Back and Forth" where a guitar is added one at a time.
2629;6;A great track but don't see it as a hit...just a great album track that belongs perfectly at home on this album...A Matter Of Time - Another guitar chugger with great drumming by Taylor & great bass work by Nate.
2629;7;I didn't think so...I have had this disc in my vehicle ever since the day I received it via mail, and I drive A LOT.
2629;8;"These Days" shows very mature songwriting and despite being one of the album's slower song, has a lot of emotion and energy to it.
2629;9;The bridge and outro feel too formulaic, however, making it just short of an all-time great..."Back and Forth" and "Matter of Time" are fun, infectious pop-punk, which the band does masterfully ("Cheer Up Boys" and "The Last Song" being other examples).
2629;10;A couple of the songs sound very similiar to QOTSA's style (& I love their music)- but others are pure Foo Fighters, just an awesome album!
2630;1;"Supermassive Black Hole" is another song that is very good.
2630;2;The singer of this band has an unusually high voice, but it sounds cool.
2630;3;"Supermassive Black Hole" is another song that is very good.
2630;4;I listen to it in the car, in the gym, even while cooking dinner.
2630;5;I had read that some people thought it wasn't edgy enough, others thought it was too edgy - I thought it had a great balance.
2630;6;The singer of this band has an unusually high voice, but it sounds cool.
2630;7;I listen to it in the car, in the gym, even while cooking dinner.
2630;8;The singer of this band has an unusually high voice, but it sounds cool.
2630;9;It is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
2630;10;This is a beautiful love song and one of my favorites.
2631;1;And its definitely a good addition to a persons Twilight collection.
2631;2;I will conclude this review with Bella's theme.
2631;3;And its definitely a good addition to a persons Twilight collection.
2631;4;I listen to it in the car, in the gym, even while cooking dinner.
2631;5;I had read that some people thought it wasn't edgy enough, others thought it was too edgy - I thought it had a great balance.
2631;6;I will conclude this review with Bella's theme.
2631;7;I keep it in the car, volume up all the way.
2631;8;I will conclude this review with Bella's theme.
2631;9;It is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
2631;10;loved the movie and this has all the songs on it which has a good variety
2632;1;I must be honest, not the entire album is catchy and alluring, but the few good songs on the album, are definately worth the purchase.
2632;2;Even now this album might be viewed as something of an oddity,perhaps even indulgent.
2632;3;I must be honest, not the entire album is catchy and alluring, but the few good songs on the album, are definately worth the purchase.
2632;4;Even now this album might be viewed as something of an oddity,perhaps even indulgent.
2632;5;Even now this album might be viewed as something of an oddity,perhaps even indulgent.
2632;6;Even now this album might be viewed as something of an oddity,perhaps even indulgent.
2632;7;Techno-mix with some Beatles influence, MGMT is full of fun tracks that are great to drive to, work out with or just have on during a party.
2632;8;"4'th Dimentional Transition" brings in the ska/afro-pop style beat back into the music again,not that it ever really went away but the mystical oriented lyrics are very appropriate (either ironically or intentionally) to the cultural backround of the music.
2632;9;Techno-mix with some Beatles influence, MGMT is full of fun tracks that are great to drive to, work out with or just have on during a party.
2632;10;I love how the sound is VERY dancy, lots of electronic, energetic, upbeat sound, and yet still has a tinge of 70's funk (which I usually do not like, but works great here).
2633;1;I have been a fan of Lionel Richie for a good part of my life.
2633;2;What a great CD, there is not a bad song on it, Lionel is wonderful and the rest of the artists...what can I say awesome.
2633;3;What a great CD, there is not a bad song on it, Lionel is wonderful and the rest of the artists...what can I say awesome.
2633;4;Everyone stepped up their game on this project.
2633;5;Everyone stepped up their game on this project.
2633;6;i am so glad that lionel went back and tapped into his BAMA roots for inspiration and perhaps a last love letter and tribute to his home town and home state--tuskegee, alabama (hence, why this album is called "tuskegee").
2633;7;This CD Rocks, and I listen to it while traveling!
2633;8;What a great CD, there is not a bad song on it, Lionel is wonderful and the rest of the artists...what can I say awesome.
2633;9;Honestly it's well deserved because my reaction to these songs is probably the best since Dancing On The Ceiling.
2633;10;Not only do I like the country take on the songs, I love the musicians, the production, and the way this thing was put together.
2634;1;Although no better than her award-winning first in 1985,"Encore" can not compete with the multi-layered song selection, fresh, inspiring arrangements and the whole dynamic ofStreisand's first Broadway album -in my opinion...Her third album Broadway has thus become completely different, and that's a good thing.
2634;2;Those two hit the nail describing "behind the scene" on-goings that happen in the performing arts
2634;3;I have loved her ever since and own all her work: the good, the bad, the indifferent.
2634;4;Streisand sings this new four solo songs breathtaking!
2634;5;On "Partners" were heard in the broadest sense pop-duets..."Encore" now is pure, perhaps a bit "old-fashioned" Broadway with its focus on those songs that generate goose bumps because of consciously selected  melodic highs and radiant vocal duet-excursions.
2634;6;Streisand sings this new four solo songs breathtaking!
2634;7;Streisand sings this new four solo songs breathtaking!
2634;8;But English is not my native language, and the music is always with me before the lyrics and so BEFORE the content.
2634;9;The Best thing that Ever Has Happened from Sondheim's Road Show with Alec Baldwin is fun and breezy compared to Loving You from Sondheim's Passion with Patrick Wilson.
2634;10;With "Encore" we dive into a consistently opulent bath of preferably revelling, sumptuous and romantic melodies.
2635;1;As I've said in other reviews I really enjoy movie soundtrack music and this 'album' is a really good one too.
2635;2;It has a very sad feeling, an intense feeling and exciting feeling.
2635;3;As I've said in other reviews I really enjoy movie soundtrack music and this 'album' is a really good one too.
2635;4;Highest quality soundtrack vinyl I have purchased ever!
2635;5;After watching the movie, I listened to the soundtrack with great enthusiam, and then went back to the movie again with focus on the deployment of these themes, whether in part or as a whole.
2635;6;we'll even blare it on the stereo at home.
2635;7;I especially love to blast it in my car and I can see Batman soaring through the air and also visualize the sinister Joker.
2635;8;His music is so full of emotion!
2635;9;This is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
2635;10;'Like a Dog' is set for the action part(s) of the film and it works well...From the Batman Begins soundtrack there were a couple of themes that I absolutely loved and while I still give this work 5 stars, I feel that the Begins soundtrack might be a bit better.
2636;1;While the album On An Island isn't as good as the best albums by Floyd, it is still a fantastic album and it is even better when Gilmour performs it live.
2636;2;Both are rich musicly and I wanted to have these for years to come.
2636;3;A good mix of older and newer stuff
2636;4;Both are rich musicly and I wanted to have these for years to come.
2636;5;Addendum: Funny,I didn't read any reviews here before buying or listening to it.
2636;6;This is out very favorite music DVD at our house.
2636;7;Both are rich musicly and I wanted to have these for years to come.
2636;8;Waters is superb on lyrics and really knows how to put music together [listen to him and Jeff Beck on Amused to Death].
2636;9;Both are rich musicly and I wanted to have these for years to come.
2636;10;We are huge Pink Floyd/Gilmour fans, and I knew he would love it.
2637;1;You do not have to be a fan of The Carpenters to enjoy this wonderful Christmas CD: just a love of Christmas and good old-fashioned Christmas music.
2637;2;Karen Carpenter's voice is, of course, a beautiful and sad instrument.
2637;3;Every time I hear her and Richard it takes me back to the good old  music days.
2637;4;Karen's lush voice & Richard's arrangements are among the very best I've ever heard.
2637;5;Karen's lush voice & Richard's arrangements are among the very best I've ever heard.
2637;6;I still sing along with I'll Be Home For Christmas and Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas.
2637;7;Karen's lush voice & Richard's arrangements are among the very best I've ever heard.
2637;8;Karen Carpenter's voice is, of course, a beautiful and sad instrument.
2637;9;Karen's lush voice & Richard's arrangements are among the very best I've ever heard.
2637;10;A perfect album for the young at heart and the hopeless romantics, (like me) and it's the best album for CHRISTMAS!
2638;1;"MYSTERY" is just as good as it gets too, a fantastic, gloomy record.
2638;2;Her voice is so mature, so sultry, so sophisticated, so smooth and mellow, so sad and so beautiful with a stunning range all in one.
2638;3;This is her best work only because her songs on this lp relax you so much you can go to sleep on them.
2638;4;And then on top of that dance so smooth to it.
2638;5;This album is a complete masterpiece that up & coming singers should study.
2638;6;And then on top of that dance so smooth to it.
2638;7;And then on top of that dance so smooth to it.
2638;8;Her strong and opened voice will have you feeling the soul and emotions of every song!
2638;9;And then on top of that dance so smooth to it.
2638;10;you sexy diva love you
2639;1;What great fun for Barry!
2639;2;This is an outstanding musical achievement.
2639;3;I tried, I listened to all of the wonderful Michael uptempo things and that didn't sound good with me, but I didn't think about Ben... I would've done Ben, it could've been a good duet."
2639;4;This is an outstanding musical achievement.
2639;5;This is an outstanding musical achievement.
2639;6;I listened to it over to her house and I thought it was really great.
2639;7;I stick this CD in my car and sing along with Barry and his "friends".
2639;8;This is an outstanding musical achievement.
2639;9;What great fun for Barry!
2639;10;From the first listen, it is clear that Barry Manilow loves these songs and artists.
2989;1;If you only know the music, you will enjoy this album.
2989;2;I have thrilled to it for well over a decade and it has vastly influenced my life (in good and bad ways, I must admit).
2989;3;I have thrilled to it for well over a decade and it has vastly influenced my life (in good and bad ways, I must admit).
2989;4;Same with "Holidays In The Sun" and "EMI" (surely one of the great record label rants ever).
2989;5;Listen to this and then add to the experience by reading Jon Savage's England's Dreaming, a detailed account of The Sex Pistol's and the rest of British Punk's early glory.
2989;6;Same with "Holidays In The Sun" and "EMI" (surely one of the great record label rants ever).
2989;7;The power of the band - driven by the vocals of Johnny Lydon - is captured in classics like Anarchy in the UK, God Save the Queen and No Feelings.
2989;8;The raw energy of these songs, the nihilistic lyrics, and Johnny Rottens vocals which drip cycnicism and sarcasm, make this a seminal punk rock album.
2989;9;Nevertheless the music here has amazing energy and is fun everytime to listen to.
2989;10;I loved Megadeth's "Anarchy in the U.K." version and was curious to know what the original sounded like.
2988;1;It is also a good way to conclude the album as it leaves a lasting impression...In conclusion, although it took me a few listens to appreciate The Velvet Underground and Nico, I can now recognize it as the masterpiece that it is.
2988;2;"Run, Run, Run" is a solid rocker, "All Tomorrow's Parties" a sad story of harrowing beauty...  Side two of the original LP keeps things moving.
2988;3;It is also a good way to conclude the album as it leaves a lasting impression...In conclusion, although it took me a few listens to appreciate The Velvet Underground and Nico, I can now recognize it as the masterpiece that it is.
2988;4;Even though the Velvet Underground weren't great soloists, they managed to create lush, beautiful, dreamy songs.
2988;5;In the upper right hand corner, you read, 'Peel Slowly and See'.
2988;6;Where "Pepper's" is (mostly) positive, optimistic, clean and influenced by the use of marijuana and LSD, the Velvets' is (mostly) jaded, dark and definitely not afraid of sounding `dirty' with a heroin/amphetamine influence.
2988;7;If my life depended on picking my favorite tracks, I think they would have to be "I'm Waiting for the Man", which is awesome to listen to while driving and has a great rhythm, "Femme Fatale", in which Nico sounds beautiful, "Heroin", because it sucks you in from the slow intro and takes you on a stop-and-go ride through tempo changes, and "There She Goes Again", oddly enough because I love how the background vocals work with the song.
2988;8;It definitely has an "early morning" kind of quality to it, although, given that many of Reed's lyrics discuss NYC junkie life, I reckon that this song has more to do with someone who has just stayed up all night rather than waking up.
2988;9;"all tommorows parties" is proabbly one of my favorite tracks on this album.
2988;10;I bought VU's aforementioned 1969 folk music classic first (which I would recommend as a get-your-feet-wet first step for new fans) and I feel in love with the beautiful feel, acoustic taste, and rich production.
2991;1;If only the Blackmore/Dio combination continued there would have been many more special Rainbows...Enjoy the music and be well,.
2991;2;If only the Blackmore/Dio combination continued there would have been many more special Rainbows...Enjoy the music and be well,.
2991;3;In contrast, Rainbow released "Down to Earth" which went for a more mainstream pop/rock sound
2991;4;If only the Blackmore/Dio combination continued there would have been many more special Rainbows...Enjoy the music and be well,.
2991;5;You can read the complete lyrics at [...]  Those that like the mystical lyrics will especially enjoy Lady of the Lake and Gates of Babylon...Dio is at his absolute best on this album, full of power, strength and with a little tongue in cheek humor as well, which has always been characteristically his style, and something which has always endeared him to the fans.
2991;6;The sound is crisp and clean.
2991;7;"Gates of Babylon" with it's  hard driving middle eastern influences mixed with strings for great effect.
2991;8;"Kill The King" and the opening number are equally impressive for the sheer aggression of the music but lyrics that are intelligent and a perfect compliment to Blackmore, Powell, Daisley, and Stone.
2991;9;If only the Blackmore/Dio combination continued there would have been many more special Rainbows...Enjoy the music and be well,.
2991;10;What you do get is a kind of time warp in which a modern-day rock band somehow finds itself in medieval England playing as troubadours for a noble knight who has lost his lady love.
2990;1;Really enjoy this CD...first Neil Diamond CD I have owned...didn't realize how many good songs he had over the years that I had forgotten about!
2990;2;This CD was a very good purchase and very satisfied with it.
2990;3;This CD was a very good purchase and very satisfied with it.
2990;4;This CD was a very good purchase and very satisfied with it.
2990;5;Awesome -Neil Diamond could read the phone book and I'd love it.
2990;6;The recordings are clean and free of extra noise or distortion.
2990;7;Neil Diamond is a good singer and the songs play well in my application which is hard-wired from my iPhone to my car radio when  out of reach of favorite stations or when broadcast programming does not suit my mood.
2990;8;He is an American artist who wrote some of the most memorable lyrics and melodies of the modern era.
2990;9;Cracklin Rosie always makes me rock and reminds me of my daughter who used to dance to it as an 18 month old.
2990;10;I love Neil Diamond music so I have to love this CD.
2985;1;I don't usually review albums that are considered "Classics" (no  need to), but PIECE OF MIND is so good that I just had to comment....
2985;2;While Clive Burr wasn't bad, McBrain brought a zanier style to the Maiden fold and added to the live experience.
2985;3;I must agree that the song isn't great, but it really isn't bad and 8 out of 9 is a pretty good ratio of great songs as far as I'm concerned.
2985;4;For a band that big with that many accomplishments this in is one of the most valuable works.
2985;5;Maiden were at their most focused in the 80's, though the 90's yielded occasional gems as well.
2985;6;For a band that big with that many accomplishments this in is one of the most valuable works.
2985;7;The flight of icarus is another track that's just really spectacular and has a truly driving beat.
2985;8;Intricate songwriting, superb musicianship, and intelligent lyrics combine to result in a timeless album that I still enjoy listening to twenty years after I first purchased it so long ago on cassette tape.
2985;9;"Flight Of Icarus" is one of those truly great epics that make learning fun.
2985;10;Also another one I  love it the trooper and flight of icarus.
2984;1;This album is fantastic, I don't see where people get the idea that it's all technique and no heart(you're obviously getting Dream Theater confused with Malmsteen), there's plenty of so called "emotion" on this album if you listen to it, I mean really listen to it, coz this kind of music you have to listen to many times to get through all of the layers.
2984;2;There's the symphonic and stylish Symphony X, the increasingly evolving Fates Warning, the original and daring Pain of Salvation, the technical powerhouses Power of Omens, and many others.
2984;3;He told me and said it is a "pretty good CD".
2984;4;It'll be great, but they'll likely never top this.
2984;5;John Petrucci is burning here, he plays with stunning focus and originality, Mike Portnoy is at his best, although i'll agree with some reviewers that his tone wasn't so great.
2984;6;"Home" is the greatest song on this album.
2984;7;It's really difficult to single out any tracks as better than others since they all fit together as one, however...."Home" is a terrific standout tune, as is the instrumental "The Dance Of Eternity" which has some tripped out time changes.
2984;8;If you would bother to pay attention to the lyrics, you would see that not only are they incredible musicians, but they also have lyrics that perectly balance seriousness and emotion... 6 favorite songs: Home, Finally Free, Fatal Tragedy, Beyond This Life, Strange Deja Vu, and Overture 1928 (of course, all of the songs are great)...Long live Dream Theater!!!
2984;9;The storyline is the true gem of this album, but I will leave the fun of deciphering it up to you if you haven't listened to this album yet...The muscicianship is superb, specifically the guitar playing from John Petrucci.
2984;10;It is their best album and has much more of a Liquid Tension Experiment vibe to it (who I also found out about shortly after and fell in love with) which is probably due to Jordan Rudess's keyboard work.
2987;1;the liner notes include the WORDS and you can just listen, enjoy and let the good memories of this time come back...it was a year of love and hope / we could use another one.
2987;2;The song is an extraordinary mix of sad desperation, beautiful harmonies and vigorous six-string acoustics...Marrakesh Express is Graham Nash's bouncy tune about a travel route that hippies used in the 1960s (it was notorious for being used to transport the famed Moroccan hashish).
2987;3;Both belong in the collections of anyone who likes singer-songwriters, super-groups, and good music.
2987;4;Every song and everything about the songs is golden - the production, the lyrics, the vocals, the instrumentation...you'll love this!
2987;5;A band that mainly focused on the vocals that easily had their own distinct sound and style compared to other singers back then.
2987;6;The musicianship is tight and clean, and although it sounds just a tad dated it has lost none of its charm!
2987;7;I popped the cd in my car for the short 20 minute drive back to campus, and ended up driving around Tallahassee for 40 minutes to listen to the entire thing...This album is excellent.
2987;8;Every song and everything about the songs is golden - the production, the lyrics, the vocals, the instrumentation...you'll love this!
2987;9;And it's so much fun!
2987;10;It rolls along like a train, giving the listener a sense of being high on travel and in love...Crosby gets in a word with " Guinevere", a beautiful ballad written as a composite of Joni and another girlfriend.
2986;1;The lyrics are fun and to this day cause anyone to sing along that appreacheates good rock music.
2986;2;Imagine hearing a twenty-year-old guy with shoulder-length hair and arm tattoos wailing, "The lady's got balls!
2986;3;So many good songs.....High Voltage.
2986;4;Imagine hearing a twenty-year-old guy with shoulder-length hair and arm tattoos wailing, "The lady's got balls!
2986;5;Actually, I read that Malcolm Young was a fan of the band, so that makes perfect sense.
2986;6;Loud, fun, raunchy, but clean and rhythmic.
2986;7;The self-titled track is another excellent rocker, with a great, driving riff...In conclusion, I think AC/DC made a fantastic and somewhat unnoticed debut into rock n' roll.
2986;8;lyrics, which make for a nice image, coming from Bon Scott's one-of-a-kind delivery.
2986;9;A cool song, this makes me think of what it must have been like going to a high-school dance in AC/DC's time.
2986;10;"High Voltage": More lyrics about being an independent and free rocker, you gotta love it!
2981;1;The album also includes a fantastic bonus track, "Try."
2981;2;This is simply one of the most amazing albums of any kind of music ever made, and that is something that is definitely not easy to say, because so far, the 2000s have been THE decade of bad music as we know it.
2981;3;"Brotha" is a good song, but I don't listen to it very much.
2981;4;I often get caught up in the other tracks on the album, but it does have a very funky beat!
2981;5;Sometimes I forget Scott is singing when I focus on the bass because it's just so hypnotic!
2981;6;You can have the beauty, art and melodrama of a coffee house rhythm & blues singing/spoken word performance showcase all in the comfort of your home or car with this amazing album alone.
2981;7;You can have the beauty, art and melodrama of a coffee house rhythm & blues singing/spoken word performance showcase all in the comfort of your home or car with this amazing album alone.
2981;8;Her lyrics on all these songs come at romance via poetic observation rather than the result of emotion.
2981;9;That's what Jill Scott brings to the party: old soul wrapped up in new grooves...Her debut was the drawing of a seismic shift in the music scene where real singers actually SANG again... and it was so good.
2981;10;"I Think It's Better" is a slow and haunting interlude that serves as an intro to the next song...That next song is "He Loves Me (Lyzel In E Flat)" and is a true album highlight for sure!
2980;1;Beatle songs evoke such stirring emotions and are touchstones to the good times of an era that has no peer.
2980;2;After the negative reviews that have been posted lately I'm giving an A+ positive one here.
2980;3;Beyonce in particular, seems to be famous for being able to pack a big behind, into a tiny dress, while somehow claiming to be a "good girl".
2980;4;Heck the stuff with Mary Ford is probably even in glorious mono.
2980;5;If money is an issue, you can avoid the box sets and focus on the following (listed chronologically): Rubber Soul, Revolver, Sgt. Peppers, The Beatles (the "White Album") and Abbey Road, each of which is amongst the very best rock albums ever made, and the very fine stereo re-master of each is readily available at a reasonable price.
2980;6;This was clean straightforward rock from made with love from the Beatles to you...Mono is just a stark block of sound.
2980;7;I packed up the dogs and drove the 30 minutes to the office to the best present I have had in a while.
2980;8;Beatle songs evoke such stirring emotions and are touchstones to the good times of an era that has no peer.
2980;9;For certain both versions are fun to listen to, sound completely different and discovering the mix variations are one of the joys of being a Beatles fan.
2980;10;"All You Need Is Love" has a longer fade with the orchestra playing "Greensleeves" and both the bass and the drums come in right as the band starts singing "Love, love, love."
2983;1;My husband even enjoyed listening to it........He is a music writer and tends to get stuck in the music of our generation......now he is discovering (through my tastes) that newer music is every bit as good as the music we grew up listening to.
2983;2;If you're in a bad mood , this cd will definitely cheer you up.
2983;3;Would've bought it for the hit
2983;4;Others, such as the haunting love song "Ho Hey," sport just a guitar with accented shouts and tambourines.
2983;5;This is a great album that I enjoy listening to while I'm at work or reading a book at home.
2983;6;This is a great album that I enjoy listening to while I'm at work or reading a book at home.
2983;7;Love to drive and enjoy this music.
2983;8;Some really spot on lyrics.
2983;9;Very Fun album with Ho Hey as my favorite pick me up song.
2983;10;I love that you can't define them into one category.
2982;1;There are so many classics on this album ("Gin and Juice," "Murder Was the Case," "Ain't No Fun," "Tha Shiznit," etc.) and the others, though less played, are equally as good.
2982;2;There is not ONE bad track to speak of, and that's a huge accomplishment by itself.
2982;3;All of the songs are good, and some don't get the props they deserve simply because they are next to the songs that are so revolutionary.
2982;4;The song's beat is one of Dre's best ever (I just LOVE it), lyrics are meaningful, and the rhyming is tight as hell.
2982;5;The main reason I bought it was because I read all of these reviews and everybody else loves this cd.
2982;6;A home run for hip hop and music!
2982;7;The song's beat is one of Dre's best ever (I just LOVE it), lyrics are meaningful, and the rhyming is tight as hell.
2982;8;The song's beat is one of Dre's best ever (I just LOVE it), lyrics are meaningful, and the rhyming is tight as hell.
2982;9;Most of the songs talk about getting high, pimpin,  having sex and partying all night.
2982;10;The song's beat is one of Dre's best ever (I just LOVE it), lyrics are meaningful, and the rhyming is tight as hell.
2977;1;The order is received, I'm very happy.
2977;2;As a single it works extremely well, as evidenced by the innumerable times it's been played on rock radio....but it's too bad that radio has to play this flawless piece of work out of the context of the album because it's placed perfectly there, coming on the heels of "Carouselambra".
2977;3;I know this wasn't one of their classic albums but damn it sounds good!
2977;4;New Zeppelin anything is Great.
2977;5;New Zeppelin anything is Great.
2977;6;One of the finest of all Zeppelin albums, the last and eighth while John Bonham was still alive, and favorably compares to what many consider Zeppelin's finest: "Houses of the Holy".
2977;7;Jones' piano and Bonham's complex drum tempos are what drive this catchy song so well.
2977;8;We all know what the lyrics are about, and because of the importance of the lyrics, it's a very meaningful song where Robert Plant pours out his honest emotions.
2977;9;One more thing, Hot Dog is a very silly, fun square dancing kinda song that makes me smile and dance everytime I listen to it, quite goofy for Zeppelin.
2977;10;all my love, fool in the rain and more...excellent CD.
2976;1;I first got this record in the late 60s when I was in my late teens, and enjoyed it for decades until a few years ago when I decided to downsize and sell 550 of my 650 records, when I mistakenly let it go.
2976;2;He fairs better on the pastiche that is the title track...Despite my dislike of "Almost Cut My Hair," I still give this album 5 stars because the best songs outweigh the one bad one.
2976;3;I grew up with their music, at the time I, knew it was good, and after all these years, I know how great their music really is!!!!!
2976;4;Whether it was gentle, soulful ballads, infectious pop standards, or four guitar rock workouts, CSN&Y proved that they could, and did, it all with equal ease.
2976;5;This album is full of beautiful harmonies...These are among the best songs ever performed by the band.
2976;6;Our house - my favourite song by Nash, with superb vocals.
2976;7;This song sends chills up and down my body because living in the country portions of southern Pennsylvania, this song always made me think of the fishing trips to the ponds and rivers, the walks through the fields and woods, and the precious holiday moments I had experienced as a young kid... all dealing with areas close to home, or inside of my home.
2976;8;It contains great lyrics, great electric guitar work,  and great harmonies.
2976;9;Fun throwback to the 70's!
2976;10;I don't care if you are seventy or seven, you will love this music.
2979;1;There are so many classics on this album ("Gin and Juice," "Murder Was the Case," "Ain't No Fun," "Tha Shiznit," etc.) and the others, though less played, are equally as good.
2979;2;There is not ONE bad track to speak of, and that's a huge accomplishment by itself.
2979;3;Other great songs on here are "Doggy Dogg World" which is kind of smooth, "For All My B-----z and My N-----z" has a good beat to it, "Lodi Dodi" which an updated version of Slick Rick's "La Di Da Di" but with more of a westcoast flava, "Serial Killa" and when Snoop rhymes about getting shot and whitnessing near death experience on "Murder Was The Case".
2979;4;This is Snoop's best album ever!
2979;5;The main reason I bought it was because I read all of these reviews and everybody else loves this cd.
2979;6;A home run for hip hop and music!
2979;7;This is Snoop's best album ever!
2979;8;Of course near the top is the  famous "Gin And Juice" which could be one of the best songs of  all time, it just has great lyrics and a great beat.
2979;9;The best songs were the ones that he didn't release like "Ain't No Fun" and the Slick Rick remake, "Lodi Dodi".
2979;10;If you liked Dr. Dre's "The Chronic", then you'll LOVE this!
2978;1;I enjoy listening to this cd, a good purchase, they are different and you can hear their music everywhere, they also play well with others
2978;2;You can feel Tedder's pain on "Apologize" with the line: "I loved you with a fire red, now it's turning blue and you say 'Sorry' like the angel heaven let me think was you".
2978;3;I love this album the songs are great and have really good meanings, this group is just a pleasure to listen to.
2978;4;The instrumentation sets the mood and the lyrics are expressed with feeling and emotion.
2978;5;The instrumentation sets the mood and the lyrics are expressed with feeling and emotion.
2978;6;"Come Home" was the only song without a beat, and was the lowest point of this album...One Republic's lead vocalist brings the attention with his wonderful vocals that mingle with "Dreaming Out Loud" drum and guitar harmonies.
2978;7;Never heard of the artists until i saw them on America's got Talent...so bought the CD I love it and it is in my car as we speak....Great CD
2978;8;The instrumentation sets the mood and the lyrics are expressed with feeling and emotion.
2978;9;The instrumentation sets the mood and the lyrics are expressed with feeling and emotion.
2978;10;I love the group One Republic and this CD!
3004;1;Their songs are fun(Looking for a Good time, Slow down sister) and emotional to the point of tearfulness (Home is where the heart is, things people say).
3004;2;Lady A cannot sing a bad song,  This is really wonderful sound quality.
3004;3;All three members sound great together, and sound just as good live as on the cd...Top Songs...Love Don't live here.Lookin' for a good time.I run to you.Love's lookin' good on you.Long gone
3004;4;"Things People Say" is another emotional ballad about a breakup that sports a lush musical arrangement
3004;5;The longer I have it, the more I like it.
3004;6;I think Track 7 "Home is Where The Heart is" and Track 11 "One Day You Will" are two of the best tracks on the CD with excellent harmonizing vocals.
3004;7;I have a CD player in two places in my home and a car that takes both CDs and audiotapes.
3004;8;Houston Marchman is special in that his music is filled with soul, passion, and solid lyrics.
3004;9;Other than some slight twang and a few acoustic riffs, I don't see this as a country album...This album is distinct because it's all about love and you can really dance to it.
3004;10;I love the fact that this group has written most or all of their own songs.
3005;1;By all means get "Ultimate Hits",but pick up his studio and live releases,and you'll be delighted with how good, fun and well written almost all his songs are.
3005;2;Absolutely love Bog Seger and this is a great collection.
3005;3;I had forgotten about some of his music - it's really pretty good!
3005;4;This is a happy, upbeat album that takes the listener back to high school days regardless of how old or young to sock hops, dancing in the gym and just having fun (something that we have forgotten to take the time to do).
3005;5;Absolutely love Bog Seger and this is a great collection.
3005;6;We saw Bob Segar in concert about a month ago at Banker's Life Fieldhouse (home of the Indiana Pacers)...He put on a extremely good show considering his age and recent shoulder problems.
3005;7;This is a great album to listen to at home or while driving.
3005;8;great quality and good sound with lyrics
3005;9;When you want to roll out the good times, a good record to pick up a party.
3005;10;Absolutely love Bog Seger and this is a great collection.
3006;1;I remember this artist from my younger day's ....Bought a C.D. with Calvin Richardson doing the same music, enjoyed that one.as well, but No one does it like Bobby.
3006;2;Amazon has a great repository of music from all venues.
3006;3;Excellent example of when music had Soul........good price, and good music.
3006;4;Amazon has a great repository of music from all venues.
3006;5;Amazon has a great repository of music from all venues.
3006;6;Amazon has a great repository of music from all venues.
3006;7;Amazon has a great repository of music from all venues.
3006;8;Amazon has a great repository of music from all venues.
3006;9;He completely reimagined them
3006;10;I've loved Bobby for years and years.
3007;1;Whereas Pet Sounds was a collection of emotions and youthful naivety, Smile is a collection of fun, happiness, and spiritual freedom.
3007;2;It keeps you coming back to find a new discovery, a new lyric line or musical surprise, and fills you with a sense of awe when you consider the songs were created when Wilson was still in his early 20's...  Van Dyke Park's lyrics fit perfectly - sometimes sad, ("Wonderful"), hilarious, ("Barnyard") and through the whole work, whimsical and ageless...  The most curious element of "Smile" is the ability to completely envelope the listener.
3007;3;It's a good way to see if it'll stand the test of time and offer repeated listenings without burnout...  "Smile" is, simply put, an absolute masterpiece.
3007;4;It would be a joy to hear it with their talent and youthful exuberance.
3007;5;So, after reading a review I bought the CD and I must say that it was a wonderful surprise.
3007;6;This is a historical event that will be long remembered after we all have passed away...Take this one home and make time for a good listen.
3007;7;I mean, if it isn't already pre-packaged in some easily-digestible form, with a lot of recognizable samples and looped beats, that pretty much turns off half the pop-music loving crowd right there, but what can you do, these are the people who only listen to music while driving to work or to pass the time in between their lunch hour.
3007;8;It keeps you coming back to find a new discovery, a new lyric line or musical surprise, and fills you with a sense of awe when you consider the songs were created when Wilson was still in his early 20's...  Van Dyke Park's lyrics fit perfectly - sometimes sad, ("Wonderful"), hilarious, ("Barnyard") and through the whole work, whimsical and ageless...  The most curious element of "Smile" is the ability to completely envelope the listener.
3007;9;Absolutely incredible...The third suite is the "Elements" suite, really the smiling portion of the album-- its meant to be fun, and it is, the material is great, it has its moments of genius and brilliance, the tag linking "On a Holiday" and "Wind Chimes", originally from "Smiley Smile", is just brilliant in its use and placement.
3007;10;I'm a massive Beatles fan I love Revolver (perhaps the greatest album ever!!!)
3000;1;The variety of songs and song mates make this a fantastic, fun set of rock standards.
3000;2;The selection of songs is amazing and ranges from fun and dancy to amusing to somber and sad.
3000;3;There is some real energy here, and always will get you in a good mood.
3000;4;I consider it a gift to me from Ms. Midler since I have been listening to it at the gym on my iPod and derived considerable pleasure from doing so.
3000;5;Bette and her longtime collaborator Marc Shaiman have given us a labor of love here
3000;6;Her voice and range is right at home with these songs and is absolutely crystal clear.
3000;7;What a fun trip down Memory Lane!
3000;8;The selection of songs is amazing and ranges from fun and dancy to amusing to somber and sad.
3000;9;What a fun trip down Memory Lane!
3000;10;A gift for my Mom - loves girl band songs.
3001;1;Also if you enjoy this one check out Dirt by Alice In Chains which is just as good if not better.
3001;2;'Spoonman' is more upbeat, with a fast catchy style and is well contrasted by 'Limo Wreck', an epic, slower and captivating track - the lyrics are sad and downcast, with death the theme but are brought to life by Cornell's vocals.
3001;3;It is a very good song, lyrically, and musiclly...  A couple songs later "The Day I Tried to Live" shows up, and reviels that he was once a bad person that he wishes where not in this world.
3001;4;it's an amazing song that speaks of depression and Entropy.
3001;5;You can read into it what you want, but this song works best as an unrequited love song.
3001;6;it's an amazing song that speaks of depression and Entropy.
3001;7;Great breakdown in the middle... Limo Wreak - A good rock song, kinda slow, but its a good mind trip... The day i tried to live - I listen to this song the least, but i still enjoy it.
3001;8;'Spoonman' is more upbeat, with a fast catchy style and is well contrasted by 'Limo Wreck', an epic, slower and captivating track - the lyrics are sad and downcast, with death the theme but are brought to life by Cornell's vocals.
3001;9;Its such a fun song to jump to and to sing along to.
3001;10;Set loved up to my expectations in all facets!
3002;1;I picked up this one after I had enjoyed a few later releases so much, and I am happy to say that I've enjoyed this one as much as any.
3002;2;`Trouble' opens with a sad and blue piano that carries into a laid back drum and bass line, definitely one of Coldplay's finest songs.
3002;3;The whole CD is filled with peace and love, you can sense such a good thing in every track, you feel that every track relaxes you or leaves you happy.
3002;4;Solid album through and through from a terrific band.
3002;5;Very often when people talk about bands they forget the other band members and focus attention on the vocalist but I must add at this point that the whole band seems to be in a great groove.
3002;6;This is a wonderful disk, clean piano, nice acoustic guitar, some electric without being overbearing, and very well produced without being over orchestrated--over produced.
3002;7;Jonny Buckland's guitar playing on this record was outstanding on this record, but all the records following this one really weren't guitar driven at all.
3002;8;Trouble-my 3rd favorite, yet probably the best song on the album as far as depth, emotion, music, and lyrics.
3002;9;I first bought this cd last summer because my friends and i enjoyed listening to "Yellow" after a crazy night of partying...I never thought i'd be purchasing a cd that would soon become one of my all-time favs.
3002;10;Romantic "Sparks" fly and things begin to heat-up, with plenty of love going around with Chris Martin's enigmatic voice.
3003;1;its got good drumming, fantastic bass, heavy crunching guitars and brillient vocals!
3003;2;really sad and inspiring at the same time
3003;3;Interesting fact: after the song is "technically" over
3003;4;This really helped spawn the numetal genre of today.
3003;5;This debut is quite possibly their best becuase of how fresh and focused it is.
3003;6;I kept singing it driving home from a funeral.
3003;7;The album finally concludes with a humorous skit about car parts - something you absolutely cannot forget to skip.
3003;8;This album is 2 word's Sick and Heavy this album has so much emotion and dark lyric's this cd brung a new genre in the world of rock this cd brung metal at its best.......1.
3003;9;it's a real classic in my book..Faget-no gay bashing here, it's just a song about Jonathan being made fun of as a kid in school.
3003;10;I love the way his snare sounds on this album.
2996;1;I bought Days of Future Passed in the 60's when it first came out and I played and played it but haven't listened to it for a while as I have nothing to play it on but now I have it on CD I am so happy to hear it again, it is fantastic.
2996;2;And when we are on our death bed  things are sad but still in some ways beautiful.
2996;3;This CD is a diverse mix of classical and rock music that you will find it good for relaxing and at the same time scratching your head because you know you have heard this before.
2996;4;Upon its release, Days of Future Passed sold well and eventually went Gold and then eventually hit #2 on the Billboard album chart in 1972.
2996;5;As "Sgt. Pepper" took for its concept a very simple idea -- that of a talented and versatile music-hall band playing a live concert for an appreciative audience -- so "Days of Future Passed" seeks to capture the cycles of human life through focusing on the course of a single day.
2996;6;Great place to buy vinyl - VPI cleaned and arrived as promised.
2996;7;I still have my original vinyl LP that I bought many years ago and now I can listen to the album in the car.
2996;8;I love the lyrics
2996;9;Extra tracks are fun too
2996;10;The parts sung by Hayward have that sense of romantic melancholy that has so often characterized his work with the band
2997;1;"Swing on This" is a "fun" song
2997;2;It even seems to talk about regret and not being able to explain why you feel sad sometimes...All in all the album is a beautiful offering that's perfect for relaxing, reflecting, remembering and reminiscing.
2997;3;Whale and Whasp is an instrumental song, Dont Follow is a very good laid back song to relax to
2997;4;Wow these older albums are so good from a band that truly has stood the test of time.
2997;5;Focusing on softer acoustic sounds and straying away from the sludgy, this cd still manages to capture the essence of Alice, due mainly in part to the impeccable vocals of the great Layne Staley.
2997;6;This album hit home with me, each song a work of art.
2997;7;I can still vividly remember "whale and wasp" as i was making my solo trip in an old monte carlo.
2997;8;The lyrics put emotion and power into the notion that you should be true to yourself.
2997;9;The solo isn't incredibly technical but it is fun and catchy.
2997;10;"You my friend, I will defend... And if we change I'll love you anyway".
2998;1;If Joe decided to do an album of covers from Sesame Street Live on Ice, I would be first in line to buy it, the man is that good.
2998;2;It is subtle, but its there...Different Shades of Blue shows continued growth and progression from Joe Bonamassa.
2998;3;If Joe decided to do an album of covers from Sesame Street Live on Ice, I would be first in line to buy it, the man is that good.
2998;4;The ways it starts with him singing and bringing the music to a crescendo only to end with him along again singing.
2998;5;While his early CDs seemed to focus on electric blues, he is evolving into more of a rocker with a distinct psychadelic side.
2998;6;An eclectic mix of modern and down home blues by a masterful musician!
2998;7;Great Blues Rock from Joe...he's growing as a songwriter and performer...this is great stuff for those who long to hear good blues rock on the radio...several singles could come from this CD...I've listened to it many times in the car cranked up!
2998;8;It is a good album with excellent guitar playing, music and lyric.
2998;9;I've decided that this one is in his top 3 all time...Just for fun,this is my top 5:.
2998;10;Great CD, I love JB and his phenomenal skills
2999;1;That's what makes or breaks the music for me...So i say sit back and enjoy this latest effort and be happy the band is still creating great metal this far into their career.
2999;2;there is not one bad song on this album, they are all great as usual.
2999;3;I liked the entire first disc, but I'll not bore you with track by track details...it rocks and Rob's voice sounds good to me.
2999;4;Great album and now a new addition to my gym mix.
2999;5;While I enjoyed Priest's last album, the epic NOSTRADAMUS, it's one that has to be listened to from start to finish, really, like watching a movie, and you have to be in that concept/narrative mood...REDEEMER OF SOULS is classic Priest, all around, as you've probably read.
2999;6;For the most part, "Sword..." is a very heavy tune, although its clean singing does help to keep in somewhat in check, as does the fact that it also has an about-face at around the 2:50 mark, trafficking in a melodic breakdown complete with gorgeous acoustic guitar arrangements and angelic-sounding vocals.
2999;7;You scream that long and still deliver at this age....yes he is getting old, but man he Delivers The Goods and is Hellbent for Leather with a rear Point of Entry and is a Rocka Rolla and sees thtough Staned Glass and is beyond Painkillers but man he has British Steel and does keep a Freewhell Burning...by the way listen to his Ballad...in the morning....mmmm he has a class of his own!!
2999;8;Slow, dark and heavy with a strong bass sound, some trippy solos, and some interesting lyrics.
2999;9;Down in Flames is just pure fun, Sword of Damocles is excellent.
2999;10;I find that a couple of the songs take me back to older priest sounds, which I love!
2992;1;We love jackie, so this cd is a good one and we recommend it to others, it is also a good gift idea.
2992;2;My one complaint is that the song Lovers, while masterly performed, nevertheless has a sad theme of hopeless love that contrasts with the optimism, faith and hope that inspire the rest of the album.
2992;3;It simply does my spirit and mind so much good to relax and just listen to a sound so pure and beautiful!
2992;4;Jackie has a rich, expressive voice and her singing reflects joy.
2992;5;THAT was also an experience I can only emphatically implore all who read this review to place squarely near the top of your "Bucket List"...I continue to look forward to her assuredly protracted career to see where such a talent can go.
2992;6;I popped it in the CD player and listened to it on the way home.
2992;7;Very good CD, I like her and love her voice, listen to this CD in car while driving to work everyday...!
2992;8;I think Jackie does better on her (live) perfomances because she tries so hard to put so much emotion into each song
2992;9;Jackie has a rich, expressive voice and her singing reflects joy.
2992;10;I love it because this little girl, Jackie, can sing really great and awesome.
2993;1;Good choice for anyone who enjoy this style of music.
2993;2;The standouts are "Save Me" and "Somebody To Love", but "Bohemian Rhapsody", "Crazy Little Thing Called Love" and "Now I'm Here" are hardly anything to sneeze at, and in fact, there isn't really a bad song on the entire album, which puts together the 17 biggest hits Queen had from their conception to 1981..."Greatest Hits II" is still, to this day, my favourite CD of all time, and by far the best and most-played Queen CD in my collection.
2993;3;I even like the remix of "Under Pressure", and I am someone who doesn't like remixes (especially when they do it to a favorite song), but this one is actually good, and contains some vocal variations from Freddie.
2993;4;I even like the remix of "Under Pressure", and I am someone who doesn't like remixes (especially when they do it to a favorite song), but this one is actually good, and contains some vocal variations from Freddie.
2993;5;I even like the remix of "Under Pressure", and I am someone who doesn't like remixes (especially when they do it to a favorite song), but this one is actually good, and contains some vocal variations from Freddie.
2993;6;I play his albums constantly at home and in my car.
2993;7;I play his albums constantly at home and in my car.
2993;8;The standouts are "Save Me" and "Somebody To Love", but "Bohemian Rhapsody", "Crazy Little Thing Called Love" and "Now I'm Here" are hardly anything to sneeze at, and in fact, there isn't really a bad song on the entire album, which puts together the 17 biggest hits Queen had from their conception to 1981..."Greatest Hits II" is still, to this day, my favourite CD of all time, and by far the best and most-played Queen CD in my collection.
2993;9;"Flash" is a campy but fun track from Flash Gordon, and I always had a thing for the skiffle/50's rock of "Crazy Little Thing Called Love."
2993;10;my grandson loved it more than me  he only 9
2994;1;It covers all emotions: I love it when I'm happy, it lifts me up when I'm a bit down, and it just makes me feel good.
2994;2;I love the upbeat classical sound and the apparent love of music that these two men have.
2994;3;I'm always looking for good instrumental CD's that are relaxing, uplifting, and pleasant.
2994;4;I love the upbeat classical sound and the apparent love of music that these two men have.
2994;5;Their music is wonderful to sit and listen to or read to.
2994;6;I would give it 10 stars if I could...I discovered The Piano Guys last year when I saw a video of them playing "Bring Him Home" from "Les Miz".
2994;7;I have mine in my car and it makes for great, easy listening when I am running hectic errands!
2994;8;It covers all emotions: I love it when I'm happy, it lifts me up when I'm a bit down, and it just makes me feel good.
2994;9;They have so much fun with their music.
2994;10;I love the upbeat classical sound and the apparent love of music that these two men have.
2995;1;But we will never know...We are left to enjoy the music and sound of his unforgettable voice and guitar....This is a fantastic selection of his greatest hits.
2995;2;Every single track is a gem, with fantastic guitar ax work and mind boggling lyrics, sometimes sad, sometimes chilling, and always descriptive and truthful.
2995;3;If you are new to the world of Jimi and don't know which album to pick up, I advise you to get this record, and get a good overview of the man's entire career.
2995;4;As it is for a terrific guide  introduction to this legendary guitarists own groundbreaking work!
2995;5;Everyone always focuses on Jimi Hendrix as a great innovative guitarist & he remains without a doubt one of Rock & Rolls all time greatest guitarist.
2995;6;I gathered that by "trippy" he meant good, so i went home and listened to it.
2995;7;As it is for a terrific guide  introduction to this legendary guitarists own groundbreaking work!
2995;8;Every single track is a gem, with fantastic guitar ax work and mind boggling lyrics, sometimes sad, sometimes chilling, and always descriptive and truthful.
2995;9;Everytime I hear a one of Jimi's songs I have to dance.
2995;10;This album covers all of hendrix's known greatest hits that everybody loves.
2959;1;BUT...I am happy to announce to all of you that Steven Wilson enjoys many influences, and upon buying this album, you will hear a collection of styles unlike anything you have likely heard before.
2959;2;The songs and lyrics are both sad and inspiring.
2959;3;Real melody, real thought, real good.
2959;4;The production is perfect, the writing is fantastic, and every song is great.
2959;5;This really is one of those discs you need to buy, give time, study its lyrics, pay attention to the excellent production, clever songwriting and magnificent musicianship...Some Opeth fans think that ever since Steven Wilson has been producing Opeth albums they sound too much like Porcupine Tree in some aspects, especially recording techniques and stereo mixing-wise.
2959;6;The guitars are clean and groovy, and they aren't afraid to whip out some heavy, power-chorded riffs.
2959;7;The Creator Has A Mastertape is driven by an exciting, bobbing bass line that menaces and promises heavier things to come, as they do in the chorus.
2959;8;The songs and lyrics are both sad and inspiring.
2959;9;Listen, enjoy, be amazed and have fun!
2959;10;I love every song of this album to one degree or another.
2958;1;The songs are just l like I remember them and will continue to enjoy.
2958;2;great album with a great singer......lots of his old hits.
2958;3;This CD transports you to a time when life seemed a lot less hecktic, when there was a sense of security and peace in our Land.
2958;4;great album with a great singer......lots of his old hits.
2958;5;great album with a great singer......lots of his old hits.
2958;6;Have always loved his singing, he as most of the older ones always sang from the heart, telling a story about their lives and would some times hit home with you.
2958;7;This album brings back great memories for me of car trips with my family.
2958;8;everything i thought it would be love the lyrics and what a voice can recommend this cd with confidence enjoy
2958;9;Great singalongs for aboozy late night party
2958;10;I got this actually for "North to Alaska" for I love the movie with John Wayne that has that song in it and I like the rest of the songs too!
2957;1;Also when he sings about the priest being cold I get chills, oh man this is a good song...The Needle Lies 8/10 probably the weakest of the actual songs, but I still enjoy it enough to give it an 8.
2957;2;The lyrics are easily understood and tell a sad if not exciting, suspenseful story.
2957;3;Every time I listen to it these days, I'm still floored by how good it is...It's a fact and not my opinion that this album is the standard bearer against which most subsequent progressive rock was judged.
2957;4;Calling Operation Mindcrime a great concept album is like calling Purple Rain a great soundtrack, or Raging Bull a great sports movie.
2957;5;Pics of the smaller faces in the crowd are seen, and reading the liner notes is a joy!
2957;6;If you like 80s metal with clean vocals and a good story line, you may like this album...[...]
2957;7;"The Needle Lies" and "Speak" have strong driving rhythms while "The Mission" is a more cerebral and atmospheric.
2957;8;The lyrics are easily understood and tell a sad if not exciting, suspenseful story.
2957;9;Play it loud and have fun while listening to it !
2957;10;Later in the story, it concentrates much more on Nikki's love for ex-prostitute Mary and the cult of Dr. X..
2956;1;The music is fantastic, and that's something really good for an album like this.
2956;2;3 is really amazing, there's not one bad song on it...Prelude: Amazing way to start off the album, I love it.
2956;3;I think this is a good album to let soemone listen to if you're interested in learning more about Slipknot.
2956;4;this cd is simply amazing.
2956;5;For those of you with mature music tastes, read on.
2956;6;There's some clean backing vocals in the chorus, and I enjoy the subtle speed change around the 3:15 mark.
2956;7;I have yet to take the CD (or any of their CDs) from my CD changer in my car... I crank the radio when I listen to these guys, they rock!
2956;8;Also the lyrics to most of the songs were very good.
2956;9;the music is fun and enjoyable to listen to.
2956;10;The guitars eventually come on and make a couple of crunchy riffs, and I enjoy Corey's ascending vocals (he builds to a yell, while repeating the line: "This is the virus of life").
2955;1;A good title for this CD collection should be The Death Of A Great Band.
2955;2;Are you really seeing a whole LOT more?
2955;3;A good title for this CD collection should be The Death Of A Great Band.
2955;4;Are you really seeing a whole LOT more?
2955;5;Are you really seeing a whole LOT more?
2955;6;(Well, for me, it would be the junior high years....)  Chicago's sound was unique (though Blood, Sweat and Tears gave us something similar) and was always clean and tight.
2955;7;This is a great selection of Chicago's hits and, for just $5 to download (price I paid during a special) and store on the Cloud forever, it's a heck of  a deal: no more worries about losing or scratching up a CD, as I have transferred the songs to a memory stick to also enjoy in my car.
2955;8;A nice package in terms of building songs, here--good lyrics, good vocals, good instrumentation/musicianship--and ya gotta love the brass.
2955;9;They will remember the times that they had fun on Friday nights.
2955;10;Disc one is the Chicago you know and love.
2954;1;i just want to say:good bye tom, and happy end of the world
2954;2;Not a bad song, but nothing extraordinary, highly experimental.
2954;3;Pyramid Song A good representative of this period in the band's career.
2954;4;The fact that it can contain such a variety of different songs , yet still be so great to me is amazing.
2954;5;This album focuses more on song structure than Kid A, less on electronica and creates a very happy medium without sounding like a "medium".
2954;6;And then to top it off the whole thing ends with the emotional life in a glass house.
2954;7;picture yourself in the 1930's in a dark, damp New Orleans lounge and you will truly see the beauty of this trumpet and horns driven song, the end is simply phenominal.
2954;8;They are defined by the way they can soar through any genre and still pull it off, they are defined by the emotions that they provoke through just sounds and lyrics.
2954;9;Buy this album, and hope that you live alone...otherwise you might be caught dancing around your room.
2954;10;The thing I love about them is that they continue to move foward with their music and manage to keep their identity and artistic integrity.
2953;1;Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to this fantastic compilation!
2953;2;I am very sad about Linda's health issues that have led to her not recording anymore, but as far as I'm concerned, her voice is one for the ages!
2953;3;She may have been the female answer to sixties "king of the revival tunes" JOHNNY RIVERS, but LINDA RONSTADT was also helluva lot more...a charismatic talent boasting dynamic pipes, "girl next door good looks", and impeccable interpretive taste.
2953;4;Her singing voice is the BEST of all, especially the ballad's.
2953;5;Her singing voice is the BEST of all, especially the ballad's.
2953;6;Great for long rides or lust to listen at home!
2953;7;Linda combines musical competence with raw emotional drive.
2953;8;She wrapped that voice around the greatest songs and never sings with vanity just pure emotion and joy even when the song is one of the saddest ever "Long Long Time".
2953;9;Her singing voice is the BEST of all, especially the ballad's.
2953;10;If you are a fan of Linda Ronstadt,you will love this collection-it combines both of her Greathest Hits albums into one fantastic walk down memory lane.
2952;1;Still, I like everything here, and it's a good listen, and far better than what you'd usually hear on the radio.
2952;2;This is a great album, nothing bad to say about it.
2952;3;There was no way the talents of four great people who make such great music good make a bad cd.
2952;4;The first chorus is really sweet, at least, and it's just got a great feel to it, to be very vague.
2952;5;All of these are great songs, but everyone surely knows about them, so let's focus on the lesser-known tracks.
2952;6;On the harder songs you are expecting to hear Zack, but it still takes some time to get used to, but all the other songs he sounds right at home.
2952;7;"Gasoline" is one of the best cuts here, it has a driving hook and almost evocative feel.
2952;8;The entire album is a winner, packed with complex emotions and stunning lyrics.
2952;9;What You Are- A fun song, full of ups and downs.
2952;10;Like A Stone- I love this song!
2951;1;The PINK FLOYD debut is very different from later classics like Dark side of the moon and the Wall... PIPER got a much more rock oriented sound...the Floyd sound really begins to be the CLASSIC FLOYD style when David Gilmour comes to the band later...On Piper at the gates of Dawn, Pink Floyd shows some clearly influences from the Beatles...I really enjoy this debut by this fantastic band, but don't go expecting Wish you were here or the Wall...
2951;2;Very creative, and sad that this creative direction never reached it's full potential.
2951;3;but in the end if you relax and forget the latest peices you can come to enjoy this bizarre cocophany of sound.
2951;4;The effect this song creates remains difficult to describe..."Take Up Thy Stethoscope And Walk," written by Roger Waters, fits into the album perfectly with its staccato vocals and bedlamic instrumental section.
2951;5;As I've read somewhere, Pink Floyd were once an underground band.
2951;6;The effect this song creates remains difficult to describe..."Take Up Thy Stethoscope And Walk," written by Roger Waters, fits into the album perfectly with its staccato vocals and bedlamic instrumental section.
2951;7;Flaming- A cool song with neat thoughts (travelling by telephone, riding unicorns) helped along by Syd's great melodies.
2951;8;Syd in all his glory,whimsical lyrics and tunes for the young at heart.
2951;9;The Gnome- A very fun song.
2951;10;big fan of pink floyd and wanted this for my collection,the album is awesome,i love it,thank you all very much
2950;1;Lana is the girl everyone loves to hate at this moment but the truth is, this album is smart, full of raw emotion, and all that matters is if the music is good and well it definitely is!
2950;2;Song topics range from socially observant (e.g., "Carmen", "National Anthem"), autobiographical ("This is what makes us girls"), self-referential ("Radio", ironic, as it won't be played on the radio because of the f-bombs), and the usual enduring love, unrequited love ("blue jeans", "video games").
2950;3;I wasn't put off by her willingness to experiment
2950;4;She's also playing with roles and expectations, as well as authenticity and performance, in a way that no other contemporary female artist is, that's for sure.
2950;5;Whatever happened during her youth, it ended with her parents sending her to Boarding school - and with this line, the entire album comes into focus.
2950;6;Whether you're crazy in love, or just had your heart broken, there's songs here that will really hit home.
2950;7;If you enjoyed the trip hop of the mid to late nineties you'll enjoy this with the caveat that this album is definitely meant to reach the mainstream.
2950;8;The lyrics in Video Games have been slammed for triteness, but that's a fatal misreading: she uses words sparingly (as Leonard Cohen might), but the lyrics convey subtle depth and complex emotions with amazing assurance and economy.
2950;9;But then there's that red bra ghosting through - a reminder that she still retains that wild, party girl somewhere inside her.
2950;10;Fall i love with born to die.
2949;1;I've been looking for something like this for awhile, and I'm happy that there is a band in 2006 that can come up with good music.
2949;2;Two years from now I'll try to recapiture this song's impact, but it will be second hand by then...So, thank you Chili Peppers, for coming up with what I see as tPart II of that beautiful/desperate epic of pain and resurrection
2949;3;It's not a bad thing, it's a very good song: I just wish that intro was longer.
2949;4;Another great song with a unique style..."Make You Feel Better" is another quality track, sporting an uplifting and endearing vibe.
2949;5;I have read the Guitar World interview with John Frusciante, and he really poured a lot of his soul into this album more than any other Chili Peppers recording.
2949;6;Smith is clean and hard.
2949;7;The melody is strong and driving, Kiedis' vocals stronger than ever, and the guitar work incredibly atmospheric.
2949;8;The lyrics, the funky bass, and the shredding guitar all come to paint a beautiful picture.
2949;9;This one is expecially fun because my teenage kids are simply stunned that Dad likes something that they like!
2949;10;btw I can play this on guitar...Dani California Its about kinda being a red neck in missippi...Snow ((Hey Oh)) Its just so cool I mean I just love it!!!
2948;1;The lyrics and Pharrell Williams' interpretation is excellent, happy, and fun.
2948;2;Girion, Lord of Dale is a sad piece with some very moving humming towards the end...After this we head off to the Lonely Mountain and the score really shines.
2948;3;This song is the calm one of the bunch and is very good...9: Barrels Out of Bond (1:50) - 4.8-star.
2948;4;The real achievement lies in the fact that Shore varies these themes, which already went through workouts in Lord of the Rings, ad infinitum.
2948;5;I loved the movie and am very much enjoying the soundtrack CD.
2948;6;Sonic quality is on par with the previous Hobbit set, with clean solid recording and performances.
2948;7;In "Bard, a Man of Laketown", Bard's theme is introduced, a restrained, but driven, theme on strings and winds, heard shortly in heroic form in "The Hunters"...Choral music has always been an integral part of Shore's Middle-Earth palette, and it returns here also, more prominently than in film 1, and in more than a few mesmerizing ways.
2948;8;Girion, Lord of Dale is a sad piece with some very moving humming towards the end...After this we head off to the Lonely Mountain and the score really shines.
2948;9;This is an uplifting fun song to sing along with and dance!
2948;10;I loved the movie and am very much enjoying the soundtrack CD.
2947;1;Whether he's singing about being happy and having fun in the bright "Play In The Sunshine" or is taking a sobering look at the problems facing society in the powerfully brilliant title track, Prince is on the top of his game.
2947;2;The difference is that those two albums were excellent all the way through, especially on TIMES.
2947;3;I appreciate zregime's  review, and he makes some good points about the lp.
2947;4;The near bubblegum-sounding "Play In The Sunshine", the psychedelic "Starfish & Coffee", the religious-inspired "The Cross" (just a preparation for the onslaught of Prince's recent THE RAINBOW CHILDREN album), the stripped-bare funk of "Forever In My Life" (played at John F. Kennedy, Jr.'s wedding), the funky live workout "It's Gonna Be A Beautiful Night" (the last song Prince recorded with the Revolution), the epic closer "Adore"!
2947;5;One of my favorite tracks, the mellow "Ballad of Dorothy Parker" is an intruiging song that is either a nod to the famous writer or a character study of a witty, sexy waitress, or maybe both.
2947;6;Use it to clean house...you can't stand still....he is a legend and musical genius
2947;7;Variousmembers did make random contributions, and the entire group is featured on a lone live track (the driving extenda-groove, "It's Gonna Be A Beautiful Night")
2947;8;The lyrics are excellent and the people that collaborates are also fantastic.
2947;9;Sign 'O' The Times speaks of the evils facing man while speaking of love, sex, partying and friendship.
2947;10;The wonderful lyrical content from songs with messages (Sign of the Times, The Cross) to songs about love (If I was your Girlfriend, Forever in my Life, Adore).
2946;1;The record, songs, musicianship, and production are that good.
2946;2;As a metalhead and a Christian I always found it somewhat sad that there was a vacuum for positive messages in the music that I loved.
2946;3;The record, songs, musicianship, and production are that good.
2946;4;This sounds like them in their prime in the 80s the music rips and the singing is spot on, if anything its ever heavier.
2946;5;Best of all, is the no-compromise focus on Jesus as the central piece of all of their music.
2946;6;No more hell to pay is a clear statement of belief, of undying faith, or the hope of Redemption...In purely musical terms, is a great album, clean, well engineered.
2946;7;Great sound if you have it in your car, headphones, bluetooth.
2946;8;It's also nice to hear good positive Christian lyrics too.
2946;9;This is one of the best produced CDs I have ever heard...As far as the songs, they are just plain fun to listen to: total ear candy.
2946;10;I listened to it all night long, and I just love it!
2945;1;My extremely good friend at Arista knew how big of a Santana fan I had always been.
2945;2;superb album, not a bad track on it.
2945;3;My extremely good friend at Arista knew how big of a Santana fan I had always been.
2945;4;But for others like me this will be mana from heaven.
2945;5;Then to read that Diana and Carlos met (I'm still searching for the article).....what a beautiful life it is!
2945;6;I brought it home and cranked it up and my neighbors all started getting evacuated.
2945;7;The energy and the drive on this album reminds me of Pearl Jam's 10.
2945;8;But the Music is Awesome it outweighs the lyrics to earn a 5 star rating.
2945;9;They even experiment with modern dance music on some tracks.
2945;10;Longtime fans, especially those who were there when the band first hit the airways, rocked the Fillmore and Woodstock will appreciate the energy and love contained in this new and long overdue recording as it lifts and carries you "back to the day".
2944;1;Melancholy, somber, jubilant, hopeful, happy...these are just a few words to describe this album and the emotions it evokes while listening to it.
2944;2;That's not to say the rest of the songs are any bad, however -- indeed, the entire album is well worth your time and money, and a refreshing antidote to the noise and banality of today's music.
2944;3;There are a few very good singers among the women like Beyonce' and Sarah MacClahan (hope I spelled that right).
2944;4;Simon &Garfunkel are one of the most important duos ever.
2944;5;Simon &Garfunkel are one of the most important duos ever.
2944;6;Simon &Garfunkel are one of the most important duos ever.
2944;7;Music that you can sing or hum to, music that has something to say, music that I don't need to turn off when my 5 year granddaughter gets in the car.
2944;8;This album covers a wide range of emotions from the upbeat "Cecilia" to the mellow "Scarborough Fair/ Canticle", and from the motivational "I Am a Rock" to the feel-good "Mrs. Robinson."
2944;9;This album is fun, easy to listen to, and appropriate for all ages.
2944;10;That would be a concert I'd love to go to....Karen Sadler
2974;1;It has a "fun" upbeat sound, the vocals are pretty good and the instruments are played in the usual way.
2974;2;Despite this, and the negative connotations of the title, "Fluff" succeeds at being more than mere album filler
2974;3;I have to say they did a really good job.
2974;4;I can't help but have top notch workouts when i listen to this driving rock classic.
2974;5;Like any of the band's first six albums, Sabbath is as focused and tight as ever...In all honesty, the first six albums are all classics, all flawless
2974;6;The high frequencies are super crisp and clean.
2974;7;This one is very much driven by spacey, futuristic synthesizer lines, but also features a great guitar solo that rides over a piano line.
2974;8;It has just the right blend of electric and acoustic guitars, a variety of  tempos, and lyrics that mix magic with the basest of real-life  existentialism.
2974;9;I thought that just by listening to this, I was going to Hell...How fun it all was!
2974;10;You'll love it after you get it but in the mean time check out rollingbaby.com for all your baby stroller info!
2975;1;He's fantastic and his music is VERY exciting!!
2975;2;Again, the best of their greatest songs all on one CD and not one bad song on the whole CD.
2975;3;Again, the best of their greatest songs all on one CD and not one bad song on the whole CD.
2975;4;So many great songs on here including ones that should be played more often on the radio but aren't and ones that are played far to much on the radio.
2975;5;So many great songs on here including ones that should be played more often on the radio but aren't and ones that are played far to much on the radio.
2975;6;Disc two contains 12 tracks and rounds out the package with more individualistic songs that hammer home the band's identity sonically and conceptually...Fans can always argue about choice of songs in a retrospective package spanning such a huge career, but overall this is a great 2-CD package that's a convenient collection for fans with all the underlying albums or a great introduction to Bon Jovi for newer fans.
2975;7;I've always enjoyed listening to Bon Jovi when driving on long trips while I was working between stores and these greatest hits bring back so many great memories.
2975;8;Again, the best of their greatest songs all on one CD and not one bad song on the whole CD.
2975;9;So many great songs on here including ones that should be played more often on the radio but aren't and ones that are played far to much on the radio.
2975;10;I love all of these songs and there are so many more I would add.
2972;1;.17) Two Words - a good song and i really enjoy the harlem boys choir, but i don't understand the song.
2972;2;The album closes with the sad "Family Business" and the 13-minute "Last Call," an interesting track where he recalls his entire musical career...Overall, "The College Dropout" is an inspired, entertaining, and fulfilling debut from a truly multitalented artist.
2972;3;He's also put some really classic songs on herre which is just all him straight through it's really great, slow songs, fast songs, middle paced songs, it's all here, it's all good and you havta listen to it to believe it.
2972;4;Other standouts from this dazzling debut are 'Two words', 'The new workout plan' with it's disco outro (and hilarious tips on how to get in shape and snag a man, complete with testimonies of satisfied females) and the 12 minute plus tale of Kanye's journey to a record deal ('Last call'), set to a gentle groove, interspersed with sax, delicate keyboard tinklings, and a killer hook.
2972;5;Though I don't listen to near as much rap music as I do other genres, I find this release to be very focused, different, and very refreshing!
2972;6;It also reminds me of a fun house with it's organ (?)
2972;7;On 'All Falls Down" (IMO the best song on the album) he says "Couldn't afford a car so she named her daughter Alexis" and the best verse on the album.
2972;8;"We Don't Care" is another catchy track with a great beat and meaningful lyrics.
2972;9;"Get Em High" is just a partying song (you can kinda tell by the title), and it has an amazing beat and this song totally relieves all the emotional tension throughout the album, because it's the first "fun" song on the album, and it has great verses.
2972;10;While I'm a fan of his work for Jigga I love what he did with Dropout.
2973;1;It's a very good CD album and any person who like Supertramp will enjoy enjoy it.
2973;2;Their music is well polished and, compared to much recent music, very sophisticated.
2973;3;These guys did really good music.
2973;4;Their music is well polished and, compared to much recent music, very sophisticated.
2973;5;Its got all the big hits, the highlights are: Breakfast In America, a sweet little pop song
2973;6;The remastering is good to it sounds pretty clean,but then again Supertramp always had good recordings.
2973;7;Went it the car as it's good driving music.
2973;8;Great melodies, lyrics, and instrumentals.
2973;9;Their music is well polished and, compared to much recent music, very sophisticated.
2973;10;Something that is quite common in todays world While Hide In your Shell and Give a Little Bit exhorts people to give and recieve love and thereby bringhappiness to themselves and others Regardless of the message this is great music and also includes wonderful hits like Dreamer,Crime of the Century,Take the Long Way Home,Its Raining Again and  Cannonball
2970;1;This is a damn good album, very fun to listen to, even when John (or Paul) pull you back with some sadness as in Baby's in Black or No Reply.
2970;2;of the good times of the 60s 
2970;3;CD very very good very pleased
2970;4;Love it or not, there's a lot of great Beatles tunes here.
2970;5;However, I will choose to focus on the music which in no way seems tired to me...The group has in this album perfected their well-known expression, and their own songs are stronger than ever.
2970;6;They sound clean and articulate.
2970;7;I highly recommend it and have bought the remaster five times - one in the stereo box set, one in the mono box set (not offered as a single purchase as the stereo is), one for my studio, one for my car and one as a gift for my daughters.
2970;8;of the good times of the 60s 
2970;9;This isn't a bad beatles disc as some complain  , it's a lot of fun.
2970;10;They sing of how much they love their girlfriends--so much so, in fact, that they love their girlfriends eight days a week instead of seven!
2971;1;This is a damn good album, very fun to listen to, even when John (or Paul) pull you back with some sadness as in Baby's in Black or No Reply.
2971;2;This isn't a bad beatles disc as some complain  , it's a lot of fun.
2971;3;In my opinion, each one is better than anything he contributed to the White Album (OK, maybe "Dear Prudence" is as good).
2971;4;Great collection of The Beatles on the verge of transition from rockabilly-centric to pure power pop.
2971;5;However, I will choose to focus on the music which in no way seems tired to me...The group has in this album perfected their well-known expression, and their own songs are stronger than ever.
2971;6;They sound clean and articulate.
2971;7;I highly recommend it and have bought the remaster five times - one in the stereo box set, one in the mono box set (not offered as a single purchase as the stereo is), one for my studio, one for my car and one as a gift for my daughters.
2971;8;This isn't a bad beatles disc as some complain  , it's a lot of fun.
2971;9;The best of these is Chuck Berry's "Rock And Roll Music" with that immortal chorus, "give me that rock and roll music/if you wanna dance with me."
2971;10;They sing of how much they love their girlfriends--so much so, in fact, that they love their girlfriends eight days a week instead of seven!
2968;1;The guitar playing is just perfect
2968;2;Great album if you are just getting in to them.
2968;3;Though I feel myself that the Great Southern Trendkill was their greatest album, many feel that this is the one, and with good reason.
2968;4;Great album if you are just getting in to them.
2968;5;So, to all those reading this who like to rock I give it my highest rating!
2968;6;The intro and verses are acoustic in style and with Phil singing some excellent, clean, baritone vocals creating an expectation that the song is about to explode.
2968;7;...This album is an outstanding example of everything metal should be: pissed-off, politically driven vocals, thunderous drums, relentless bassline and guitar work purged from the bowels of Hell itself.
2968;8;I've loved a lot of albums over my lifetime, but this is one of maybe three that I know all the lyrics to front to back.
2968;9;It's a fun, nostalgic ride listening to these classic songs again.
2968;10;Dimebag Darrell is more gifted at songwriting than anyone will ever give him credit for - just check out the structure of songs like "This Love" and the chorus to "Hollow" for the complexity masked behind the Sabbath-like efficiency.
2969;1;This is a very good CD.
2969;2;"Top Jimmy" is a bit different mid-tempo song that is excellent, while "Drop Dead Legs", "Girl Gone Bad", and "House Of Pain" are all quality rockers.
2969;3;It's not bad - just not as good as 1984 or anything that came before it.
2969;4;'Jump,' the band's biggest pop hit, features an immensely catchy synthesizer line played by Eddie (one of the most recognizable synth lines of the 1980s -- hard to believe coming from a bare bones rock and roll group like VH), and 'Panama' might be their most anthemic rocker...'Hot for Teacher,' featuring an incredible Alex Van Halen drum workout in the intro, just rocks.
2969;5;"Jump,"  "Panama," "Hot For Teacher," thsi one reads like a best  of collection.
2969;6;This album is remastered and the best way to explain it would be: It's like taking a diamond into to be cleaned and polished.
2969;7;It's perfect in the  car, on the road trip, when waking up or going to sleep, or whatever.
2969;8;"I'll Wait" is a great keyboard-dominated song,  and "Top Jimmy," and "Girl Gone Bad" just kick ass!
2969;9;It is alot  of fun to hear, and makes ya wanna get up and JUMP!!!
2969;10;"Hot For Teacher" is hillarious and a great music video was made for it (check out Van Halen's "Video Hits Volume One" DVD
2966;1;I am actually happy to get this vinyl because this is very nice looking red vinyl and the sound is as good as it should be.
2966;2;On this album, she combines the new with the old, making this a Christmas CD that almost everyone can love...Like many, I was drawn to this CD after hearing the song All I Want For Christmas Is You
2966;3;Mariah though does a very very good job of capturing the christmas spirit with a more traditional sound.
2966;4;Ever since its release, though, Mariah Carey's Merry Christmas CD remains a perennial Christmas favorite of mine.
2966;5;Ever since its release, though, Mariah Carey's Merry Christmas CD remains a perennial Christmas favorite of mine.
2966;6;Christmas (Baby Please Come Home) is also a nice and upbeat song, and clocks at only 2 and a half minutes.
2966;7;"All I Want For Christmas Is You" is such a strong and catchy and well executed tune that even now, eight years after its first release, it feels supercharged and full of energy - play it in your car, pump up the volume and feel that shiver of pleasure on your spine!
2966;8;The songs credits and lyrics are there for you
2966;9;It reminds me of my daughters playing this non-stop back in the day and how much fun it was to sing and dance to for all of us.
2966;10;Few commercial Christmas albums really appeal to me - too many of them mangle the traditional classics I love, especially the hymns, with all sorts of fancy modern sounds that ring hollow to my ears, and, loving the traditional songs so much, few modern Christmas tunes manage to win me over.
2967;1;The song selection and the aural quality are not less than "good" and the emotions of the songs shine through- almost as good as if you were there, then, experiencing them LIVE!
2967;2;There are so many great gems here that it is worth to express in words.
2967;3;Also when listening to it, one cannot help but notice how good the sound quality is.
2967;4;Put one of these discs in your car, one in your home, and one for the gym so you will always be ready to listen to the sounds of men making music!
2967;5;I had read tons of media hype about how a new Led Zepplin CD of past live material was going to be released and once and for all prove, they were the best live band of the '70s.
2967;6;The sound quality is suprisingly good and the muscular, 70's feel had me head-banging like a teenager all the way home on the freeway.
2967;7;Put one of these discs in your car, one in your home, and one for the gym so you will always be ready to listen to the sounds of men making music!
2967;8;Robert Plant is past his youthful period of wild screaming and made up lyrics, but still has his pipes intact.
2967;9;Nice to hear great live takes on "What Is and What Should Never Be" and "Dancing Days".
2967;10;Out of this world.Stairway- just phenomenal.Going to California-has a great, summertime feel to it, and the crowd loves it.Dazed and Confused- 25 minutes of mayhem
2964;1;Good guitars, strong vocals, signature Robert Sweet drums and a message that, while it doesn't beat you over the head, also refuses to be ignored or watered-down.
2964;2;As a metalhead and a Christian I always found it somewhat sad that there was a vacuum for positive messages in the music that I loved.
2964;3;Good guitars, strong vocals, signature Robert Sweet drums and a message that, while it doesn't beat you over the head, also refuses to be ignored or watered-down.
2964;4;It has to be the most true to form recording of any 80's band out there.
2964;5;Better to buy it and listen than read reviews!
2964;6;No more hell to pay is a clear statement of belief, of undying faith, or the hope of Redemption...In purely musical terms, is a great album, clean, well engineered.
2964;7;Great sound if you have it in your car, headphones, bluetooth.
2964;8;As a metalhead and a Christian I always found it somewhat sad that there was a vacuum for positive messages in the music that I loved.
2964;9;This is one of the best produced CDs I have ever heard...As far as the songs, they are just plain fun to listen to: total ear candy.
2964;10;I bought the CD/DVD Deluxe edition and it's good to have a couple of videos for the new songs at my fingertips with the DVD.
2965;1;The other four songs are pretty good too so I enjoy listening to the album all the way through.
2965;2;Highly distorted, and very smooth, even Bill Ward being my least favorite for sabbath I must say he does a damn good job on the drums well he really just flows with the songs well, and Dio is just soaring as he always is, but people quit talking bad about Dio, and realize he did amazing with sabbath, get this album if your a Dio fan as well.
2965;3;Highly distorted, and very smooth, even Bill Ward being my least favorite for sabbath I must say he does a damn good job on the drums well he really just flows with the songs well, and Dio is just soaring as he always is, but people quit talking bad about Dio, and realize he did amazing with sabbath, get this album if your a Dio fan as well.
2965;4;Their greatest work to date.
2965;5;Also, I remember reading stories in the music press that "fans" were going to the concerts just to chant "Ozzy!"
2965;6;This is actually the first Sabbath album I ever owned (having previously heard "Paranoid" at a girlfriend's house) and 20 years on it's still an addiction.
2965;7;The drive of this whole song is extraordinary dio sings his heart out.
2965;8;And Dio is a great singer, even in this situation  where he seems out of place, his voice has a great range and is capable of  pulling powerful drama and emotion out of  the lyrics.
2965;9;"Walk Away" reeks a little of filler compared to all of the greatness that the album offers, but it's still a solid, fun rocker in its own right...In closing, "Heaven and Hell" clearly demonstrates that bringing in Ronnie James Dio to join Iommi, Butler, and Ward was a great idea that worked big time--this is an awe-inspiring, must-have album.
2965;10;I love the bass on this album.
2962;1;This is a quality CD at a good price.
2962;2;There's also a cool reggae part, as well as an awesome screaming guitar solo by Alex. Next up, we have "Freewill" which is another popular radio cut that deals with personal beliefs, and the consequences of them whether they're positive or negative.
2962;3;I find myself listening to this CD when I am relaxing after work, or when I just need a good RUSH... I highly recommend it to anyone just discovering RUSH, and those of us who have been fans forever.
2962;4;great item, easy clear description, quick shipper  thanks
2962;5;great item, easy clear description, quick shipper  thanks
2962;6;He's also an amazing bassist as well, his bass lines are just clean, sharp and downright awesome throughout.
2962;7;Freewill, probably my favorite Rush song, is tight and hard with a driving beat, and the middle jam section has to be one of the best ever recorded.
2962;8;The songs are concise, very creative and quite substantive lyrics for what some consider a commercial album.
2962;9;You can tell by listening that they are having fun making this record.
2962;10;It continually becomes more magnificent from there...Freewill lyrically encapsulates the human condition and rocks like nothing else...Jacobs ladder brooding and majestic sets The Bible to music...Entre Nous is an unusually simple and heartfelt song of love...If Entre Nous is romantic, Different Strings is the antithetical approach to relations...As a Biologist, I of course love, Natural Science.
2963;1;It is a fantastic cd.I played the cd over and over again every song is good to listen to.
2963;2;You're Not Sorry (5/5) Very sad song, amazing.
2963;3;I love this album with all my heart, its just so good and not one bad song on here.
2963;4;Yet she brings you right there to where she is.
2963;5;I read that Taylor wrote a book when she was about twelve--you can tell the girl is a talented writer.
2963;6;The clean sound, strutting beat and her clear, passionate, sometimes playful, sometimes achy voice make this release one of the best compilations I've heard in years.
2963;7;I love singing along to this in my car.
2963;8;The first single, "Love Story" is a good example of how she can combine great lyrics with a catchy beat - and then produce a smash crossover hit.
2963;9;this album is sweet and fun and you can dance and sing to it...Fave tracks: you belong with me.love story.the way I loved you.forever and always
2963;10;The beauty of this album is in it's simplicity, and the best way to enjoy this cd is to take it for exactly what it is: the romantic musings of a young girl in [and sometimes out] of love, set to catchy melodies with memorable hooks.
2960;1;Musgraves has a fantastic country voice, and it's fun to hear something a bit outside the country mold sang with so much talent!
2960;2;She performs real, sad, sassy, tough country music, and it is a real treat.
2960;3;speedy delivery - good album
2960;4;Thematically the song reminds me of Dolly Parton's "The Bargain Store" - very poignant.
2960;5;I think that I read that she writes her own lyrics but they're brilliant.
2960;6;The recording sounds fresh and mid 20's with a flower girl, clean cut hippy chick vibe in its observations and techniques and all that makes it feel real and contemporary.
2960;7;My wife was very pleased when she discovered I had bought this digital download and she has the cd I burned in her car to listen to on her way to and from work.
2960;8;Really enjoyable in this age of formula canned emotions to music.
2960;9;The flow of the album works really well, her play on words are quirky and fun.
2960;10;Kacey is the real deal, and that's why I love her music so much.
2961;1;This is a very good CD that I enjoy listening to over and over.
2961;2;Taylor and Colbie both sound really good on this track..."Tell Me Why" is a fierce tune that has Taylor exploring the pain that can come with love--it's very well done.
2961;3;I love this album with all my heart, its just so good and not one bad song on here.
2961;4;This is how you should do a cover, and Taylor covers the song perfectly adding a great spin to it.
2961;5;I read that Taylor wrote a book when she was about twelve--you can tell the girl is a talented writer.
2961;6;The clean sound, strutting beat and her clear, passionate, sometimes playful, sometimes achy voice make this release one of the best compilations I've heard in years.
2961;7;I love singing along to this in my car.
2961;8;The results are nothing short of amazing, as the vocals, lyrics, and restrained instrumentation adds up to a beautiful song, which is breathtaking in its chorus.
2961;9;this album is sweet and fun and you can dance and sing to it...Fave tracks: you belong with me.love story.the way I loved you.forever and always
2961;10;The beauty of this album is in it's simplicity, and the best way to enjoy this cd is to take it for exactly what it is: the romantic musings of a young girl in [and sometimes out] of love, set to catchy melodies with memorable hooks.
3049;1;But for me I really enjoyed this one and found these to be really good rockin songs.
3049;2;Regardless of what anyone is saying out there, good or bad, this is a quality album.
3049;3;Regardless of what anyone is saying out there, good or bad, this is a quality album.
3049;4;My favorite track, the one that gets the most play at the gym is the stupidest: the frivolous "Stay Frosty."
3049;5;Most of the album, from what I've read, consists of older, unreleased songs that have been reworked.
3049;6;Sounds new, but also has that classic Van Halen sound and would be at home in the 80's too.
3049;7;And while it would've been awesome for this to be a total Van Halen reunion and to have Michael Anthony on the album, Wolfgang shows that he's inherited the musical talent so prevalent in his family, and he was actually a driving force in getting this album made (and should've received a co-producer credit, in my opinion)...There are some detractors who criticize the album for featuring tracks that were originally old demos, but it all comes together so well.
3049;8;His lyrics are typically witty and add to the enjoyment of the whole enterprise.
3049;9;2 for me, but it's a catchy and fun song!
3049;10;The stuff I know and love.
3048;1;Phil Collins is always a good choice for Fantastic Music.
3048;2;After I taught myself to play "In The Air Tonight" on the piano---and sing while I played it---completely out of the blue---I was so thrilled that I had to share it with my school choir.
3048;3;My five favorite songs are "Take A Good Look At Me Now", "Another Day In Paridise", "Sussudio", "One More Night"  and  "Two Hearts".
3048;4;I received it on time and it was well-packaged.
3048;5;I received it on time and it was well-packaged.
3048;6;And of course, there's simply no arguing with most of the inclusions--"Another Day In Paradise"
3048;7;It was so good that I bought another copy for my car.
3048;8;a few of the "Hits" I somehow missed...but overall vintage full band sound with Collins great lyrics.
3048;9;....Phil Collins on my stereo is just part of the fun.
3048;10;Anyhow, I love this album because it is a classic pop/rock album.
3051;1;i really enjoyed this disc as it is packed full of fun music and is a great value
3051;2;Awesome collection and lots of sad and happy moments for me when I play this CD.
3051;3;chrisfan.and keep up the good work kc.
3051;4;It's really great, and it makes wonderful workout music!
3051;5;<div id="video-block-R1UIAZEY48TR5B" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1izdu%2BKr0S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81DE36LTOMS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp
3051;6;A couple songs hit home to me and I will always be a great CD.
3051;7;I have enjoyed singing along to it in the car.
3051;8;Awesome collection and lots of sad and happy moments for me when I play this CD.
3051;9;i really enjoyed this disc as it is packed full of fun music and is a great value
3051;10;The cd has a couple of additional tracks like "Trouble with Love" and "Beautiful Diaster" live.
3050;1;Whatever, there's a lot of good keyboard playing all over it, and the chemistry between the band is fantastic.
3050;2;I looked and saw No YES Album, then a blue beautiful LP caught my eye.........I looked on the side, it said YES Fragile, Holy Thunder Clouds.........a New Album, well my dear Mom bought me the LP, we got home, I rushed into my bedroom, as I had already pulled the plastic off in the car, shut the door and told my Mom I was going to play it loud, she was like OK, Happy Birthday!
3050;3;Written to emulate King Crimson's "21st Century Schziod Man," Yes goes the classic one better, producing not a dystopic scream, but a storm, a calm, a meditation, a peace.
3050;4;"Mood For A Day" is Steve's acoustic workout.
3050;5;Read on and you may understand...It all begins with one of Yes' 1st big hits "Roundabout," an 8-minute tour de force, with features Steve's classical guitar work and the lyrics speak of a trip Yes took in a car through Scotland with roundabouts and mountains that came out of the sky.
3050;6;I looked and saw No YES Album, then a blue beautiful LP caught my eye.........I looked on the side, it said YES Fragile, Holy Thunder Clouds.........a New Album, well my dear Mom bought me the LP, we got home, I rushed into my bedroom, as I had already pulled the plastic off in the car, shut the door and told my Mom I was going to play it loud, she was like OK, Happy Birthday!
3050;7;Read on and you may understand...It all begins with one of Yes' 1st big hits "Roundabout," an 8-minute tour de force, with features Steve's classical guitar work and the lyrics speak of a trip Yes took in a car through Scotland with roundabouts and mountains that came out of the sky.
3050;8;With it's strange lyrics about "mountains coming out of the sky", it remains one of the more unique hit singles of the 70's.
3050;9;Following it is Jon Anderson's "We Have Heaven"- the most fun of the "personal ideas."
3050;10;Love this album if you like rock you need this album NOW.
3053;1;And 19-year-old Irish whippersnapper Vivian Campbell joined this band of veterans and proceeded to chew up the scenery with his imaginative, frenzied guitar playing...Holy Diver is as good as metal gets and it's a fantastic album by any yardstick.
3053;2;At least 5 songs on Holy Diver get substantial classic rock radio play, and the other 4 ain't so bad either.
3053;3;I thought I knew what "good heavy metal" was.
3053;4;This one's among the heaviest on the album and it perfectly ends the album (also sports another great solo).
3053;5;In fact this first solo effort focused him to make even more solo albums(which are also recommended checking out if you liked this one,"Last In The Line","Dream Evil" and a few others are also very good!)
3053;6;Very fine, clean and detailed sound, but just a tad bright.
3053;7;In fact it is in the CD drive in my PC at work right now and I must have listened to it at least 3 times today.
3053;8;Every song on this masterpiece of an album is blessed with top notch musicianship and songwriting, and sinister lyrics throughout, and the overall production is also crisp and clear as well I might add.
3053;9;This album, as most of you already know, is HIGHLY recommended.
3053;10;In fact, this is one of the main reasons why I love this record so much: the mix is perfect, with all the instruments and the voice clearly present, and not just one of those records where you have to imagine what the bass player is doing.
3052;1;Anyone who loves alternative rock and metal, give this a shot, you will find something to enjoy here.
3052;2;It's impressive to read all of the reviews as there really doesn't seem to be anything negative being said about this album.
3052;3;Dan Donegan's talent as the guitarist in the group has gotten so good, he has multiple solos in this album.
3052;4;Heavy, powerful, just everything about it is perfect for the gym or driving in your car blaring it out of your speakers like me hahah.
3052;5;It's impressive to read all of the reviews as there really doesn't seem to be anything negative being said about this album.
3052;6;Clean, crisp sound, non-overpowering kick drum beats, hidden electronic sounds, and guitar solos on nearly every song.
3052;7;Heavy, powerful, just everything about it is perfect for the gym or driving in your car blaring it out of your speakers like me hahah.
3052;8;That being said, it still has a catchy chorus and quality lyrics.
3052;9;.8 - The Curse (9/10): Very cool song, with a fun verse and an amazing chorus that just sounds like Disturbed was having fun playing it.
3052;10;Anyone who loves Disturbed, buy it!
3055;1;Dont Bring Me Down Bruce is a good tune to play for as sholes.
3055;2;Great quality digital music- easy to download.
3055;3;Dont Bring Me Down Bruce is a good tune to play for as sholes.
3055;4;Great quality digital music- easy to download.
3055;5;Great quality digital music- easy to download.
3055;6;Clean Sound and works great in Itunes and other media players.
3055;7;Great quality digital music- easy to download.
3055;8;The quality of the production, arrangements, lyrics and playing of the instrument is top notch.
3055;9;Sometimes worth a spin at a party, cuz most of the songs are recognizable.
3055;10;Still love this music all these years later.
3054;1;And 19-year-old Irish whippersnapper Vivian Campbell joined this band of veterans and proceeded to chew up the scenery with his imaginative, frenzied guitar playing...Holy Diver is as good as metal gets and it's a fantastic album by any yardstick.
3054;2;At least 5 songs on Holy Diver get substantial classic rock radio play, and the other 4 ain't so bad either.
3054;3;Some good songs on here, but I like Last in Line a bit better.
3054;4;This one's among the heaviest on the album and it perfectly ends the album (also sports another great solo).
3054;5;Dio had worked with the leaders of the established metal tradition  and, not only followed it, but added a greater amount of focus and  intelligence.
3054;6;Very fine, clean and detailed sound, but just a tad bright.
3054;7;In fact it is in the CD drive in my PC at work right now and I must have listened to it at least 3 times today.
3054;8;But Dio does not imitate--he creates and his creation of great driving loud songs combined  with strange mystifying lyrics have propelled him into stardom, as well as  the album, which remains one of Warner Brothers top selling albums of all  time.
3054;9;A metal classic and one that will be played until the very  end.
3054;10;love Dio, mis him an aweful lot!
3041;1;I enjoy the good fortune of hearing music from Native by One Republic on both Pandora and iheartradio.
3041;2;There's only one song on the cd that I love but it came in a timely manner and was satisfied with the groups work--Amazon works form me well most of the time--and in the  negative only once that I can remember.
3041;3;The boys can really sing and the music is good.
3041;4;One Republic has hit it out of the park and deserves the recognition with this album.
3041;5;Not all of the songs are focused on love (always appreciated).
3041;6;I like their clean style of music.
3041;7;Love Runs Out is so much fun, too: When you're in your car, you'll find yourself beating on the dashboard to the rhythm of this hit.
3041;8;The dark lyrics of Counting Stars are cloaked in such a beautiful melody, but they "make me feel alive."
3041;9;When you listen to One Republic's latest album or previous work, you are treated to a rich and solid collection of stirring, fun, and memorable songs that will make you think, hum and dance along so effortlessly.
3041;10;Love Runs Out is so much fun, too: When you're in your car, you'll find yourself beating on the dashboard to the rhythm of this hit.
3040;1;It's fun, playful, and happy.
3040;2;Like a high-end suit, the artist name on the cover sells itself.
3040;3;It makes you feel good and want to dance, plus it has that beach-y, relaxed California feel.
3040;4;Like a high-end suit, the artist name on the cover sells itself.
3040;5;Like a high-end suit, the artist name on the cover sells itself.
3040;6;"Love For a Child," by far one of the most touching compositions of his career, touches on the effect of divorce on a young child ("When the house was left in shambles/Well, who was there to handle all the broken bits of glass?")
3040;7;I was driving long distance recently, listening to one CD after another in the car stereo, and this one really stood out well above the others.
3040;8;Jason is so well versed in combining music, lyrics and vocals that tell such complete and magical stories!
3040;9;Some of his songs are playful and fun and some are down right sexy.
3040;10;I have purchased a couple of his CDs and love his sound.
3043;1;#9 8/10 (Really good song with a 'happy' beat and lyrics).
3043;2;#6 8/10 (OK song, its not brilliant, but its not bad either.
3043;3;This is a good record.
3043;4;Snoop's smooth flow is perhaps unequaled in rap  and it was never more striking than here at the beginning.
3043;5;Snoop's smooth flow is perhaps unequaled in rap  and it was never more striking than here at the beginning.
3043;6;I had in the dog house but some one stole it with my Eminem show album.
3043;7;You can set it load and "ride" in a car.
3043;8;The  beats are amazing, even of the lyrics are more misogynistic than I thought.
3043;9;Dre did it on this one it so a classic it made my grandparents dance.
3043;10;i was 12 yrs old and loved it, now im 35 and still love it.
3042;1;"My Favorite Year" definitely has a Sheryl Crow vibe, which is a good thing, too...Overall, I just really enjoy all of the songs.
3042;2;It's a rarity to find an album these days that is almost entirely good, but I would venture to say that there isn't a bad song on this entire CD!
3042;3;It's a rarity to find an album these days that is almost entirely good, but I would venture to say that there isn't a bad song on this entire CD!
3042;4;I'm a traditional country fan, got my share of Hank Williams and George Jones.
3042;5;Thank you Chicks and thank you everyone for reading this.
3042;6;Home is still my favorite CD, but that is like saying an emerald is better than a ruby--it is all a matter of personal preference.
3042;7;I love songs from the other albums (Cowboy Take Me Away, Traveling Soldier, Earl, Wide Open Spaces, etc) but this album sends chills up my spine.
3042;8;Their voices aren't that spectacular but thier songs are sung with so much emotions and the lyrics are great.
3042;9;Very funky and something you could dance to...Baby hold on- 10-/5.
3042;10;Love their music, love their politics, and love that they represent hope for Americans who can still think for themselves.
3045;1;"Yours Is No Disgrace" reveals the true progressive genius of the band while "I've Seen All Good People" shows a Yes that isn't afraid to have fun musically.
3045;2;"The Yes Album" was a radical departure from the band's previous work and launched them as one of the best, if not the best, progressive rock groups...There's not a bad cut on this album - not even the "bonus" extras...The digital remastering was well done as the sound is excellent...If I were to have only one Yes album, this would be it.
3045;3;This is a great classic Yes album and to here it in such good pristine sound qualtiy was really a very special treat...My old original copy of the album was so bad, I would not even consider putting on my turntable any longer.
3045;4;The magical "Perpetual Change" is on the same level as the three classics noted and brings a great album to its close and while Steve Howe's acoustic guitar workout "Clap" and "A Venture" aren't knockout tracks, they still add to the high quality of the record.
3045;5;But on The Yes Album, they were focused and wrote true classics such as "Yours Is No Disgrace", "I've Seen All Good People/Your Move", "Perpetual Change" and "Starship Trooper".
3045;6;He sculpted what we now identify as the "Yes sound," that extremely clean and precise timbre that is unique to the band.
3045;7;see REAL rock/metal is BASS driven.
3045;8;"The Yes Album" was a radical departure from the band's previous work and launched them as one of the best, if not the best, progressive rock groups...There's not a bad cut on this album - not even the "bonus" extras...The digital remastering was well done as the sound is excellent...If I were to have only one Yes album, this would be it.
3045;9;This song is just plain fun.
3045;10;"Starship Trooper" marks the real birth of Jon  Anderson's cosmic, romantic word tone poetry and "Perpetual  Change" is a complex and fascinating piece of work that still sounds  fresh today.
3044;1;Just good old music that just keeps on going.
3044;2;Unique and sympathetic, humorous and witty, he fit nicely in the broad picture of Dylan, Gordon Lightfoot, and Bruce Springsteen while embracing his own storytelling style of the blue collar working man from South Philly.
3044;3;Just good old music that just keeps on going.
3044;4;The CD ends with "These Dreams" and "Roller Derby Queen
3044;5;Every one of  these songs is a classic.
3044;6;"New York's Not My Home" sounds like a not so friendly reply to Billy Joel's "New York State Of Mind
3044;7;I enjoy singing along while on the road whether running errands driving to visit family.
3044;8;This is a wonderful album, one filled with all the thoughts and ideas and emotions he evoked so well in his lyrics and his songs.
3044;9;Its fun to tap your toe to.
3044;10;Replaced old record, still love the songs
3047;1;They are all really good, and take me back to my childhood..."Money For Nothing" NEVER gets old, especially that slow build-up in the beginning.
3047;2;But there's even more here - "Why Worry" is a low-key plea for letting go of pain, and the smooth jazz of "Your Latest Trick" is a sensational highlight.
3047;3;Money for nothing has a very powerful and cool video, the whole video is just perfect, it has action, heavy rotation, and a lots of humor, sarcasm, and a little bit of irony, a sardonic song about the good and bad things about MTV.
3047;4;This track had two videos (one of a busker in the UK the other sports bloopers in the US) but a great song and was a huge hit.
3047;5;Focus of instruments and soundstage is outstanding, a real audiophile recording.
3047;6;Spacious sound stage, incredible depth, crystal clean from bottom to top, and Sting's vocals on "Money For Nothing" is just the icing on the cake!
3047;7;I never realized this then until my father purchased this on cassette and played it over and over again in his truck as we traveled on our way to Canada for vacation.
3047;8;And songs lite Ride across the river, The man's too strong, is very strong and gives the right emotions and thoughts along whith the lyrics, all songs on this record works well on these ways.
3047;9;From the fun Money for Nothing (socio-commentary on their on business) and Walk of Life to the mournful, heart-hurting Brothers in Arms, this album is perfect.
3047;10;My big 3 anyway...I love to hear arguments about each decades' biggest recording.
3046;1;Really enjoying this album -- something where there is a good deal of thought and effort to create an artistic work rather than a few catchy songs with filler tunes.
3046;2;In addition, they seem to be making a concerted effort to cast negative votes on any positive review...All I can say is, I enjoyed Rockferry the whole way through, which is always a shock when I'm more used to being sucked in by hype, paying full price for a recording, and then only liking a couple of songs.
3046;3;While Mercy, Warwick Avenue, and Rockferry are all good and will get the most attention, my favorite tracks are Scared (brilliant) and Delayed Devotion.
3046;4;I go to the gym four days a week (six when I have a date) and Mercy is a great song to go 14 miles on the treadmill to.
3046;5;Duffy, if you read this, lets hope you demand "throw back dynamics" on your next album -- something where the background sounds and singers stand out, and your great voice is in front of it all.
3046;6;But Duffy and her wonderful band rocked the house, leaving the audience in awe of her vocal pyrotechnics.
3046;7;That track takes me back to Gretna in the 60s when double decker buses drove people around and dropped them off at the bowling for a night of shenanigans and tomfoolery...I'm a really good bowler.
3046;8;Duffy has a great voice and a way with a catchy lyric.
3046;9;In fact, she's darn pleasant to look at, but even more fun to listen to.
3046;10;Well, let me revise that... listen to a couple of the 30 second samples and make sure that this is your type of music, and if you like what you hear, believe me, the rest of the album won't let you down.
3064;1;Fantastic album from start to finish.
3064;2;So, sad that a true musical genius had to pass away at a young age, but this album and many others will keep his memory alive!
3064;3;Love Prince music.May he rest in peace.
3064;4;Each is a musical  workout from the apocalyptic dance of the title cut to the ripping guitar  solo on "Little Red Corvette" to the sexed up funk of  "D.S.M.R."  There are no bad songs contained here but some to pay  attention to include the hit "Delirous", "Something In the  Water", "Free" & "Let's Pretend We're Married"  which I think is one Prince's all-time best songs.
3064;5;"1999" is the culmination of his progress, a sprawling, diverse, focused masterpiece with an atmosphere and cohesiveness not quite found on any previous album...I won't say much about the songs, since so many of them - especially the first three - have rightfully become classics.
3064;6;Also, the vinyl was clean and it played perfectly.
3064;7;The best of the bunch is the divinely salacious "Little Red Corvette," which, for the last time, is not about a car, but which is one of the best songs of the decade.
3064;8;So, sad that a true musical genius had to pass away at a young age, but this album and many others will keep his memory alive!
3064;9;Most people might interpret this as a "funk party song" consequently,even though it's clearly the story of an apocolyptic dream in which Prince wants to party and dance until the end of the world.
3064;10;I love this CD by the way
3065;1;Gentle and full of honest emotion, it's a Christmas album that should be taken out year after year.
3065;2;I didn't think there was a bad track, but I do certainly have favorites.
3065;3;I liked the violin playing on "What Child Is This"  I love the beat of the drums on "Little Drummer Boy"  The acoustic guitar playing on "Angels We Have Heard On High" sounds really good too.
3065;4;Not really being familiar with his vocal background/ability, I'm amazed at his vocal power, range and the effortless ability he has to sing these songs.
3065;5;My wife and daughter love to listen to it over and over again - I think my daughter played it at least six times yesterday while she was studying.
3065;6;While neither of the songs from the In Concert and Polar Express are in this collection, there is a new version of I'll Be Home For Christmas with messages from those serving in the military and their families, recalling the technique used in Simon an Garfunkel's version of Silent Night.
3065;7;Groban duets with Brian McKnight on laid-back, guitar driven version of "Angels We Have Heard On High" - McKnight's smooth voice provides a nice counterpoint to Groban's more robust baritone - it's a nice juxtaposition of vocal styles.
3065;8;Gentle and full of honest emotion, it's a Christmas album that should be taken out year after year.
3065;9;Not really being familiar with his vocal background/ability, I'm amazed at his vocal power, range and the effortless ability he has to sing these songs.
3065;10;If you love Josh's classic, romantic style that he so often portrayed in "Closer", then you'll love Silent Night, Petit Papa Noel, Ave Maria, and O Come All Ye Faithful.
3066;1;"Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out" is more of a fun song than a good song
3066;2;They are right in saying that this album is wrong because it signifies America and the bad things there doing but there wrong because its just a CD and although i think Bush is the worst move America could of made, i still love this album.
3066;3;The lush, vivid poetry of "Thunder Road" always gives me the shivers (but in a good way!)
3066;4;The lush, vivid poetry of "Thunder Road" always gives me the shivers (but in a good way!)
3066;5;All I read about are "Thunder Road," "Backstreets," "Born to Run," and "Jungleland."
3066;6;"Backstreets" features Roy Bittan's haunting organ and recalls the intensity and sorrow of youthful romance, with Bruce and Terry - "sleeping in that old abandoned beach house, getting wasted in the heat".
3066;7;Mostly for its raw uninhibited passion it remains one of the best classic rock albums ever recorded...Thematically, the album speaks of dark shadowy streets, fast cars that offer redemption, and a sense of homelessness and lives with shaky foundations on the balance.
3066;8;Oh, and don't forget the epic "Jungleland," one of the best, yet more obscure, songs Springsteen wrote--it has a wonderful sax part, some of his most elaborate lyrics, and a swirling multi-part structure.
3066;9;'Born To Run' is alot of fun to listen to and deserves a place in any rock n' roll collection.
3066;10;"Thunder Road" is definitely my favorite song off the album but I also really love the opening melodies to "Night".
3067;1;prodigal son the classic cover of the blues FANTASTIC toe tapping fun.
3067;2;'Factory Girl' and the blue collar feel of 'Salt Of The Earth' close the album to perfect avail...Mick, Keith and Brian made their first 'TRUE' classic with Beggars.
3067;3;This version sounds as good as any I've heard, analog or digital.
3067;4;"Dear Doctor", "Prodigal Son", and "Factory Girl" are all country blues workouts, and the good news is they're all great.
3067;5;I remember reading somewhere that it's Brian Jones playing some kind of Asian version of a clarinet.
3067;6;The new remaster couldn't be any better, and although I don't have an SACD player it still played remarkably loud and clean on my modest stereo system.
3067;7;It's the drive, the riff, the clever use of Indian instruments, and the chorus.
3067;8;Its a  clever,interesting song with some neat lyrics.
3067;9;And then you start dancing again.
3067;10;No Expectations is  a haunting song about love lost, it can make you cry in the right mood,  Mick sounds so heartbroken.
3068;1;She's always performing and dancing around which is OK, but I also enjoy watching someone who is good at their craft, actually show them doing their craft.
3068;2;I always count on her music to uplift my spirits on a bad day, or mellow me out when I'm dealing with stress.
3068;3;She's always performing and dancing around which is OK, but I also enjoy watching someone who is good at their craft, actually show them doing their craft.
3068;4;This is the perfect music to workout to.
3068;5;Well worth the pre-order,  did not expect it to be such a great pressing, and the inside sleeve has some nice photos and info about the tracks, like inspirations and so on, very cool read, and very well worth the purchase price.
3068;6;It is about my favorite CD to drive to these days and gets a lot of play around the house and studio as well.
3068;7;It is about my favorite CD to drive to these days and gets a lot of play around the house and studio as well.
3068;8;I always count on her music to uplift my spirits on a bad day, or mellow me out when I'm dealing with stress.
3068;9;I first heard this music at a performance of my daughter's Irish dance school.
3068;10;I love the violin and Lindsey Stirling is fantastic.
3069;1;you have the fun, buble-gum of the late 90's, that was good for it's time.
3069;2;All the songs on the album, all co-written by Levine and Carmichael, truly speak from the heart about the tormented pain love can cause.
3069;3;This is really good stuff, folks.
3069;4;I listened to all the tracks and they stunned me!
3069;5;So I hope this helps, and I hope after reading this you'll want to buy the cd!
3069;6;"Not Coming Home" was performed live, or so it seems.
3069;7;Harmonies that any Motown outfit would be proud of complete with driving percussion and guitars make this a delight!
3069;8;The music makes you feel at least 3 different emotions.
3069;9;Yes, others are trying this sound, but Maroon 5 has mastered it, creating an album that is fun and very sexy.
3069;10;Songs like This Love, She Will Be Loved are made for romantic evenings in with your special someone with soft slow sensual beats to slow dance too...The you have suave songs like The Sun and Sunday Morning that one would love to hold their special someone close and listen whilst relaxing on a weekend.
3070;1;All the fantastic hits from this group, just like I remember them from the "good old days" of the early 1970's.
3070;2;) Revenge is a Metamorpho best served cold......and so.....Anyway, I always intend to write a review and just when a selection is considered, all of a sudden, out of the blue, the universe tweaks a synapse or two and everything changes.
3070;3;A good selection of the band's work.
3070;4;It also featured David Loggins' beautiful ballad "Pieces Of April".
3070;5;It also featured David Loggins' beautiful ballad "Pieces Of April".
3070;6;It also featured David Loggins' beautiful ballad "Pieces Of April".
3070;7;Three Dog Night is my favorite band, and I always listen to them on road trips!!
3070;8;"The Show Must Go On" is another stunning ballad that I could never forget--and the sadness belies the somewhat upbeat rock music that goes with the lyrics..."Play Something Sweet (Brickyard Blues)" has a fine arrangement that Three Dog Night perform with much energy
3070;9;Alot of fun, well-crafted songs, a great vocal threesome.
3070;10;My favorite group of the 70's and all of their hits on one CD.....love, Love, LOVE it
3071;1;very happy with this purchase quality is very good if your a rolling stone fan I WOULD RECONDMEND this collection of songs
3071;2;"Hot Rocks" still provides the illusion of the original Bad Boy Stones at their 60s anti-establishment, rebellious best.
3071;3;For years, this was, in my opinion, the best Stones anthology around, simply because there were so many good hits on it.
3071;4;The new life that breathed into even the mono tracks was so impressive, I decided to eventually replace the entire Decca collection.
3071;5;This CD focuses on the Rolling Stones in there highlight time from the 60s to the early 70s were there best period they came out with all there best songs, satisfaction, gimmie shelter, street fighting man, under my thumb etc.
3071;6;The new life that breathed into even the mono tracks was so impressive, I decided to eventually replace the entire Decca collection.
3071;7;(Even if you are a purist and want all of their individual albums, Hot Rocks is still great when you want their hits in one place, i.e. in your car).
3071;8;Kickin off with the searing riff to Jumpin' Jack Flash, they evolve from mere teenage idols to accomplished and mature musicians writing intelligent and astute lyrics.
3071;9;The first CD is incredible with songs such as the laid back "Time after Time", the fulfilling "Can't get no Satisfaction", the remarkable and dark "Paint it Black", the fun "Ruby Tuesday", and the seductive "Let's spend some time together".
3071;10;Ruby Tuesday is a beautiful physcadellic ballad that capsulizes the summer of love beautifully.
3056;1;A fun dance song (like many others) and it really exemplifies what the whole album is about--just having a good time!!
3056;2;Her videos are commonly worth watching and I find that on the 2 or 3 of her cd's I have there's rarely a bad song.
3056;3;Her videos are commonly worth watching and I find that on the 2 or 3 of her cd's I have there's rarely a bad song.
3056;4;Fun CD to workout to, drive around and sing along as you run errands!
3056;5;Katy is as cool as a mountain stream!!!!!!
3056;6;Well packaged, clean and sounds amazing.
3056;7;She is one of the artist's that I listen to the most, I buy all her CD's and this one I keep in my car and listen to it over and over again, it gets me in a good mood, especially on long trips...they would not be the same without putting her in, very pleased.
3056;8;The lyrics might not have Bob Dylan content, but does every CD has to have a message other than it being a message that life can be fun or questioning yourself if it is really so bad if a girl kisses another girl just because its actually very pleasant.
3056;9;A fun dance song (like many others) and it really exemplifies what the whole album is about--just having a good time!!
3056;10;I love Katy, I have other albums of hers and they are great, a couple songs here and there that I don't care for but nothing hindering me from listening to the songs over and over.
3057;1;Brought back some good memories and makes me sing along which makes me feel happy.
3057;2;This is the stuff of real love and real life - good, bad, beautiful, and ugly - delivered from ground zero in a compassionate voice ...This is classy, literate, and intelligent soul, the standard by which the rest of soul music should be judged.
3057;3;If you like your music calm, warm, and romantic, NOBODY is as good or better than Sade.
3057;4;The Best of Sade is like swimming in a calm, cool lake.
3057;5;I read somewhere European/German/Holland pressing is the best.
3057;6;She hits a home run for me.
3057;7;These impressed me enough to buy 'The Best of Sade' CD.
3057;8;The lyrics are so intriguing.
3057;9;Her musical styling is also very interesting for it consists of smooth jazz (thanks in part to saxaphones and trumpets) with neo-soul (The Sweetest Taboo, No Ordinary Love) and urban beats (Never As Good As The First Time, Cherish The Day) that often sound like the perfect soundtrack for an island party (aka, Smooth Operator, Paradise).
3057;10;Your Love Is King is a sophisticated dedication to a super lover who makes Sade's "soul sing" and Hang On To Your Love is the advice given to couples  "down on luck".
3058;1;Overall this is a pretty darn good record from Petty and the Heartbreakers that will be a must-listen for Petty fans and also an album that a casual fan will enjoy.
3058;2;Thanks Tom for having the sense to insist that your record company released this great new album on blue ray  , coupled with a download for the mp3 player... wouldn't it be great if your back catalogue was also reissued on BLUE RAY ????!!!!!!
3058;3;It's a fine album of very good songs by one of the great rock outfits of the last 40 years or so.
3058;4;Along with Mojo, Hypnotic Eye is a compelling and engaging recording.
3058;5;Along with Mojo, Hypnotic Eye is a compelling and engaging recording.
3058;6;Great Rocker Better than original very clean but would have preferred the heavier "Audiophile" 180-200 grams Vinyl.
3058;7;The Heartbreakers and Petty himself play with real bite and finesse so that the album has a genuine drive and snap to it and it's plain that they remain a truly class outfit...I'm not sure there's anything startlingly original here, nor any individual songs with the utterly distinctive brilliance of Don't Come Around here No More or Free Falling, for example  but who cares?
3058;8;Great musicianship, Interesting lyrics and Tom and the Heartbreakers.
3058;9;It is always fun to hear what one of America's great rock bands has to offer.
3058;10;There are a couple songs that we just love and can listen to over and over... Think about it, there are very few albums that you love every song... therefore I give it 5 stars... those albums are rare and will be an everlasting classic.
3059;1;Unlike Limp Bizkit and Crazy Town, RATM is a rap/rock band that it is OK for fans of real good music to like, as it is OK for those of us to enjoy System of a Down, while the ignorant nu-metal fans can enjoy them as well.
3059;2;I'm not a huge fan of the song itself (de la Rocha's screams sound constipated, which isn't a good thing), but it's not bad, and the complete changes it makes are unpredictable, which is a good thing.
3059;3;I'm not a huge fan of the song itself (de la Rocha's screams sound constipated, which isn't a good thing), but it's not bad, and the complete changes it makes are unpredictable, which is a good thing.
3059;4;This CD is a favorite
3059;5;With Morello's guitar style being one that is more of an accent to the overall sound, it opens the door for the funky thumping of this amazing rhythm section to become the main focus.
3059;6;I bought this album the second I got home from a friend's house who was playing "Wake Up" when I got there.
3059;7;This CD is a favorite
3059;8;Everything about them, from Zack De LaRocha's aggressive tonality with the lyrics to the trio of instruments working together as a layered team, is simply amazing...Akin to some of my other reviews, there is not much I can say that has not already been said by other reviewers.
3059;9;The drummer is very crisp, and most of his beats would just make you dance and mosh to his dynamic rhythm...I wished I would have known more about these guys when I was into the grunge movement.
3059;10;I will always love this album.
3060;1;Unlike Limp Bizkit and Crazy Town, RATM is a rap/rock band that it is OK for fans of real good music to like, as it is OK for those of us to enjoy System of a Down, while the ignorant nu-metal fans can enjoy them as well.
3060;2;This is their best album in my opinion and too bad they broke up.
3060;3;I'm not a huge fan of the song itself (de la Rocha's screams sound constipated, which isn't a good thing), but it's not bad, and the complete changes it makes are unpredictable, which is a good thing.
3060;4;This record is like a kick in the *ss, then you groove along with it.
3060;5;The ones i'm reading here are downright hilarious.
3060;6;I bought this album the second I got home from a friend's house who was playing "Wake Up" when I got there.
3060;7;This record is like a kick in the *ss, then you groove along with it.
3060;8;The music is instantly catchy, yet it's enduring because the lyrics actually have something to say, instead of being just "a song".
3060;9;Fun fact: the song Wake Up was in The Matrix movie, specifically at the end.
3060;10;A powerful bass/drums intro coupled with a high-octane Zeppelin-esque riff, followed by rapped verses, a catchy chorus of powerful words, and then a beautiful solo followed by a stately closure.
3061;1;I thought Hybrid Theory was a fantastic first album...I hated how good it was because I really dislike any rap I have ever heard.
3061;2;this is the best band that ever came out....people say that they r bad but then that meens that they have No taste in music....so take it from me...BUY THIS CD.
3061;3;Hit The Floor - Not a fave... but still pretty good.
3061;4;Faint: One of the groups most popular tracks that's best played in a hall filled with a crowd.
3061;5;Reading the liner notes it is clear Linkin Park feels sampling and mixing is crucial and inspirational.
3061;6;The video for this song is incredible and the lyrics really hit home with me personally.
3061;7;Great music, stuff you can belt out in your car and scream and still know what you are saying.
3061;8;Mike's supersmooth voice and Chester's supersoft lyrics make this a winner.
3061;9;If you're into rap, this song is for you, it's very suitable for breakdancing parties.
3061;10;Meteora is a great album for any angry teenagers who are frusterated with their lifes or who just love metal and want to jump around.
3062;1;Very good album, but in MY opnion, not as good as any of the other ones, and I have them all.
3062;2;When - I hear negative opinion (from women) - I know, & knew - the speech is UNtrue...Now, I have proof of my imagined lover...man...Thank you.
3062;3;Smooth vocals and nice music to just relax to while listening.
3062;4;I love this album and find myself listening to it so much.
3062;5;I love this album and find myself listening to it so much.
3062;6;I love this album and find myself listening to it so much.
3062;7;It's another one of those that you need to be in the mood, or just driving anywhere, or just chillin' with a glass of wine.....it's just that smooth.
3062;8;The lyrics are outstanding and thought provoking.
3062;9;Just as they invented a line dance for songs like "Can You Feel It", you can do the same with this particular song.
3062;10;I love this album and find myself listening to it so much.
3063;1;I enjoy it very much and it is a good quality recording.
3063;2;Beatles fan here, so the red and blue compilations are a MUST!
3063;3;If your just starting out, this is as good as place as any.
3063;4;The Red and Blue albums are a great to introduce people to the Beatles.
3063;5;I found the version on the '1' Album to have better focus to the vocals and more clarity to the tambourine than both the 1993 & 2010 Red versions...2.
3063;6;The 2010 'Red' Album now gives a clean and accurate representation of this bouncy song that beats the old 1993 'Red' album version with ease the vocal echo now gives studio depth to the lead vocal provided by Paul...6.
3063;7;What else can be said about these songs apart from the fact that they're some of the greatest music ever made
3063;8;The Red and Blue albums also included nice inner sleeves with the lyrics printed on them.
3063;9;fun for any beatles fan or any starter beatles fan.
3063;10;If you love the Beatles, it's a must have.
3019;1;I really like the interplay between "The Woman" and MJ though and that makes this song fun and easy to listen to...4 - She Drives Me Wild - This is a damn good MJ song that went unreleased.
3019;2;The "Dangerous" album is excellent, it is even better than "BAD".
3019;3;The term 'worst' when reviewing this album can only be used lightly, as no song is [bad] - all are consistently good, but there is obviously a line which separates the great ones from the stunning ones.
3019;4;It also sports one of the greates album covers of all time.
3019;5;Not only is it visually stunning to look at, but it can be read as a psychological exam of MJ himself!
3019;6;"Remember The Time" has the most slippery music and melody here-a very clean and typically Teddy Riley uptempo new jack number full of MJ's trademark composition elements.
3019;7;"She Drives Me Wild"is a Teddy Riley masterpiece that makes broken glass, car horns and heavy percussion all sound insanely musical and funky,.
3019;8;"Keep the Faith" isn't as sad as the previous track but again has outstanding lyrics about hope.
3019;9;Jam sounds like a fun dance track on the surface, but pay attention to the lyrics!
3019;10;This is an excellent song with emotional cries of love, loss, and loneliness...Give in to Me is an amazing song written and composed by MJ and Bill Bottrell.
3018;1;You have fast, you have slow, you have fun and hard, but you have good music, the whole time
3018;2;The sad lyrics are supported by music and vocals to match..."2001" is one of the most important albums of the last decade, breaking the mold and reinventing the sound of west coast hip hop.
3018;3;Dre you really came back on this one Good Beats Good Featured artist and all Dre you have proven your legacy with 2 of 3 attempts I never heard the Aftermath album and I don't need to times was bad at that point and time but anyway This is a good album.
3018;4;I like "Some LA Niggaz" and "Murder Ink" but they can't hide the fact that the second half is a lot of filler...Overall, the second real Dre album is a rousing success.
3018;5;I like "Some LA Niggaz" and "Murder Ink" but they can't hide the fact that the second half is a lot of filler...Overall, the second real Dre album is a rousing success.
3018;6;This CD has the Clean and the Instrumental version too, but the explicit one is obviously the best.
3018;7;Dre gives just about everyone on the Aftermath label a test drive.
3018;8;The sad lyrics are supported by music and vocals to match..."2001" is one of the most important albums of the last decade, breaking the mold and reinventing the sound of west coast hip hop.
3018;9;Some people complain that there are too many rappers featured, but it's just a great party album.
3018;10;He truly is Still the Dre we all know and love.
3017;1;This is a very good CD, but I have enjoyed all of Little Big Town.
3017;2;"Pain Killer" with it's reggae flavor is actually a love song equating a mate as all the meds one needs.
3017;3;I am tempted to call this Little Big Town record the greatest album of all time...1 GOOD PEOPLE - My favorite from Pain Killer!
3017;4;I love this group and their music.
3017;5;I love this group and their music.
3017;6;This is a great group to listen to while driving or even just to listen to them at home.
3017;7;This is a great group to listen to while driving or even just to listen to them at home.
3017;8;Well, thank you for the publicity on this song, because the lyrics are absolutely beautiful.
3017;9;The title track and "Stay All Night" and "Quit Breaking Up With Me" are, well, lots of fun and upbeat.
3017;10;I love this group and their music.
3016;1;This is a very good CD and I enjoyed listening to it a lot.
3016;2;On a bright blue, sunny day there is nothing better than listening to Tristeza to soak it up.
3016;3;I recommend this cd to everyone that wants to have some music playing while they relax.
3016;4;Wife and I curled up by the fire and lsitened to the whole "Special Edition (with 4 extra songs) twice!
3016;5;Wife and I curled up by the fire and lsitened to the whole "Special Edition (with 4 extra songs) twice!
3016;6;Nice to relax to when coming home from work or in the car.
3016;7;I have it in my car and makes travel so enjoyable.
3016;8;Some things to remark are that the production and arrangements explores Andrea's voice lower register (many "baritonesque" and "piano" passages and less "fortssimo" "lyric tenor" ones) and this shows us one of the most warm, intimate and beautiful sides of Andrea's voice.
3016;9;Wonderful to listen to and even better to dance with the one you love to!!
3016;10;It's so romantic, so nostalgic, especially  "love at Portofino".
3023;1;All good, I am happy customer : )
3023;2;Some people have been disappointed that some of these songs have been used in TV commercials, e.g., Anticipation (ketchup) and Haven't Got Time for the Pain (Medipren pain killer)...But, sheesh, the songs are still fantastic.
3023;3;My cat Sammy was sleeping and purring away in no time when I put this on, which is a good thing since she is a harsh critic of music and hates bad choices...You get a ton of songs for the money with this cd and the recording is very well done...A great addition to any collection.
3023;4;The 70s are well represented.
3023;5;This compilation of Carly Simon is quite good, my only complaint would be that the whole compilation should have focused on her 70's-80's work and could have left the 90's and beyond, out.
3023;6;Both really hit home for me.
3023;7;This cd is just wonderful....sure gets me going as I'm driving to work!!
3023;8;This album has her best, including a beautiful one that she wrote for her son and a sad one about losing a mother, that I presume was written after the loss of her own mother.
3023;9;Carly's music is inspirational, fun, free and overall Carly has a unique voice that can not be duplicated.
3023;10;Love of My Life is one of most romantic songs I ever heard.
3022;1;I know that a lot of people enjoy poking fun at Ringo but I enjoyed his covers on the early Beatles albums and loved his solo work...Another song which I was almost obsessed with when I first heard this album is I've Just Seen A Face, a very catchy, country-esque number by Paul.
3022;2;He knows people don't want to be around him if he's miserable
3022;3;even a casual fan would be struck on how good this is.
3022;4;"I've Just Seen A Face" sports an excellent guitar arrangement and the tempo changes enhance this number.
3022;5;Now reading this review you wouldn't think this is a five star review but it is because of the other 10 songs on the album which are once again great.
3022;6;Still have this on vinyl but the scratches kind of ruin the mood however, the CD is clean and clear!
3022;7;"I've Just Seen A Face" and "It's  Only Love" were on RUBBER SOUL (in place of "Drive My Car",  "Nowhere Man", "What Goes On", and "If I Needed  Someone").
3022;8;Simple lyrics, but delivered with unforced emotion.
3022;9;Musical fun and Beatles enjoyment.
3022;10;"You're Gonna Lose That Girl" again features the band harmonizing beautifully about the importance of a man treating his girlfriend well to keep their love alive
3021;1;Her songs are a good mix of fun, sad, and great!
3021;2;Met her in person, she smelled SO good.....This is her best album so far... To bad she's married now.......Ex-Rockstar
3021;3;Met her in person, she smelled SO good.....This is her best album so far... To bad she's married now.......Ex-Rockstar
3021;4;I absolutely love this album!
3021;5;her voice is strong, focused, love Blown Away
3021;6;I absolutely love this album!
3021;7;Love blasting it in the car and singing with my granddaughter!
3021;8;Carrie has an excelent voice and this latest album has great lyrics.
3021;9;The song makes you wanna get up and dance and just have fun.
3021;10;I absolutely love this album!
3020;1;it's amazing how good they sound.
3020;2;Thank you, thank you, It's sad to know that only one of them is still with us.
3020;3;it's amazing how good they sound.
3020;4;As an added surprise the boys pound out these classics without showing any weakness in their voices that plague so many other artists who have passed their prime, and, that is a feat all in itself......As one of the worlds greatest bands that should be declared a national treasure this DVD will provide you with an instant party even if you are home alone just drinking wine or beer and cutting up the rug in the living room....
3020;5;The drummer is isolated to ensure a good mix... I've read many of the customer reviews, and I don't think anyone has mentioned the bonus features.
3020;6;As an added surprise the boys pound out these classics without showing any weakness in their voices that plague so many other artists who have passed their prime, and, that is a feat all in itself......As one of the worlds greatest bands that should be declared a national treasure this DVD will provide you with an instant party even if you are home alone just drinking wine or beer and cutting up the rug in the living room....
3020;7;Fantastic trip down memory lane.
3020;8;Thank you, thank you, It's sad to know that only one of them is still with us.
3020;9;As an added surprise the boys pound out these classics without showing any weakness in their voices that plague so many other artists who have passed their prime, and, that is a feat all in itself......As one of the worlds greatest bands that should be declared a national treasure this DVD will provide you with an instant party even if you are home alone just drinking wine or beer and cutting up the rug in the living room....
3020;10;I always love hearing him sing.
3011;1;Most people purchased the album for the singles, and although the singles You Oughta Know and Ironic rank around the best of the album, there are other really good tracks also...The album begins with the fun rocker "All I Really Want", it is an informal and immature (not that there's anything wrong with that) song, but doesn't really go anywhere in my opinion, although it does set the tone for the album and Alanis defiantly gets her message across.
3011;2;Some people say that pain makes the best music, and  Alanis has enough to go around.
3011;3;I had the good fortune to see Alanis in concert in a first row seat.
3011;4;This is great workout music for body and mind, since I first listened to "You Oughta Know" while doing lat pulldowns at the gym.
3011;5;"You Learn" focuses on  the life lessons that everyone goes through and that in everything you do,  a bit of knowledge is gained.
3011;6;There is also the hidden track `Your house', which you can  find if you leave the CD playing.
3011;7;Great cd, brings me back many years but glad i bought it, its in my car player and my traveling music... shoulda bought it years ago... never to late for a great cd though... and never to old to enjoy it... one of my favs.
3011;8;Alanis's unique vocals are filled with emotion, and her lyrics made a great impact on me,  esspecially the songs You Learn and Ironic.
3011;9;And A lot of the songs there dealing with personal family's issues, love , friendship , humanity and the music is great too.
3011;10;Most of the songs are about negative experiences, a cheating boyfriend, parents that don't care about their child's feelings, a depressed friend, but there are also some positive songs, like "Head over heels", which is a very nice and ironic love song.
3010;1;Listened to the entire album in one go, there are a lot of songs that are really good that I enjoyed better then the last album .
3010;2;Too bad, because the CD is quite enjoyable.
3010;3;In fact, on its own merits I found this to be a very good album, showcasing Stirling's technical abilities along with interesting arrangements and, I should say, a sound that I don't think you can find anywhere else.
3010;4;I greatly enjoy this album on all levels, great for just listening or as a pick me up during a workout.
3010;5;Great to play while focusing on complex tasks or even while sleeping.
3010;6;Once I got home, I downloaded from amazon right away.
3010;7;Love the music and listen on my mp3 player or in my car and it always is uplifting and beautiful.
3010;8;I especially liked the inclusion of several songs that have lyrics to them.
3010;9;Mirror Haus has gorgeous violin sounds mixed with dance beats, as does the even more high-energy violin pop of V-Pop, before we come to the outstanding rocker Shatter Me, my absolute favorite on this CD.
3010;10;I love both electronic and symphonic music - this album is a perfect fusion of the two...It has A LOT of variety - different violin and EDM styles plus a couple tracks with full fledged vocals.
3009;1;They played six songs off of this album, and the emotion I feel from this album was expanded tremendously from seeing/hearing this incredible band first hand...There are a couple of songs on this album that I always felt were good, but not great, those being Plainsong and Closedown.
3009;2;I almost feel bad recommending particular songs, but  "Last Dance," "Prayers for Rain," "The Same Deep  Water As You," "Disintegration," and "Untitled"  are absolutely flawless songs, perfect in every way.
3009;3;This is one band that is able to make  good music without being repetitively annoying.
3009;4;Robert Smith's heartfelt lyrics and emotional voice  will reach your soul.
3009;5;As you are reading this right now.
3009;6;In 1989 when "Disintegration" was released I drove my family and friends nuts with multiple playings a day at home and in my car.
3009;7;In 1989 when "Disintegration" was released I drove my family and friends nuts with multiple playings a day at home and in my car.
3009;8;Robert Smith's heartfelt lyrics and emotional voice  will reach your soul.
3009;9;This was the first Cure album I ever purchased, mostly because of Love Song and the snappy dance hit, Fascination Street, but it is the rest of the album that keeps it almost permanently in my CD rotation.
3009;10;I've loved this album for quite some time now, but after seeing The Cure live for the first time a couple nights ago, I just had to express my love for their music, especially Disintigration, which is widely regarded as their best work.
3008;1;A previous reviewer describes it being too long, but if you can open your mind to the emotions drawn from the song, you should be able to appreciate.
3008;2;L.A. Woman has a great groove, and Morrison alternates between sounding awesome and strained, since he was in pretty bad shape by this period.
3008;3;this is the best of the doors,its a all good songs not a bad song in the disk.
3008;4;I'm getting a new CD from The Doors for my aunt,uncle,my cousins for christmas the year one for Victoria & Shasha Reyes as a gift from me.
3008;5;Jim Morrison is one of a kind musical genuis what he has accomplished will forever be remembered in rock n roll, since of his death of believed to be heart failure Morrisons lyrics have been living on and i believe Morrison would be proud to know that his lyrics are still alive....if you want a Really Great Rock Band look no further because after reading this review click yes it was helpful and buy this Masterpiece travel Through The DOORS!!!!
3008;6;The are the Doors best songs and now that I have sold my LP's this download can be be at home and on my cell.
3008;7;Jim Morrison is one of a kind musical genuis what he has accomplished will forever be remembered in rock n roll, since of his death of believed to be heart failure Morrisons lyrics have been living on and i believe Morrison would be proud to know that his lyrics are still alive....if you want a Really Great Rock Band look no further because after reading this review click yes it was helpful and buy this Masterpiece travel Through The DOORS!!!!
3008;8;Love Her Madly is a delicate rocker with pleasing lyrics, Hello, I Love You is the same in a sense and they are both two favourites off the compilation.
3008;9;People are Strange -- Fun mind-trip.
3008;10;To mention a couple more, Five To One is blues based and excellent, we get a great cover with the sing-along track Alabama Song, and People Are strange is a superb track, much borrowing from the thoughts of Strange Days with meaning...Well, all I can say is I love this compilation.
3015;1;Enjoy with friends and family and a good Italian Dinner and candlelight.
3015;2;This kind of love is so...what's the word.....deep and moving...when I'm sad it makes me sad when I'm happy it makes me happy.
3015;3;His rendition of 'Love me Tender' is stunning, every bit as good as Elvis's own version, and sung with such simple sincerity and honesty - just beautiful...In 'Passione' Bocelli shows how versatile he has become as a performer and how much he has developed since his early 'Romanza' days.
3015;4;this is a beautiful collection of Botticelli songs.
3015;5;this is a beautiful collection of Botticelli songs.
3015;6;This is a most enjoyable CD, full of romantic songs, and the perfect music to cook by.
3015;7;the most beautiful voice don't understand the language but i don't have to to feel the passion in his voice has been in my car and listen to it when driving simplygreat
3015;8;Just listening to his voice and feeling the emotion in his singing makes me want to keep this cd for myself even though I bought it for a friend.
3015;9;The Spanish flavor of the songs gets under your skin and makes you want to move, to dance, to sing.
3015;10;The English title of the latter is "How Wonderful To Know," a famous song of days gone by--if you can still remember--that was recorded and popularized by Andy Williams and Cliff Richard...When it comes to passionate and romantic recordings, you can always trust Andrea Bocelli to deliver the very best quality for the enjoyment of every listener's enthusiastic ear...What's not to love?
3014;1;If I ever wanna go back to a happy time I play this and I am there rest easy brother and thanks for the memories a truly fantastic album if there ever was
3014;2;It is absolutely perfect, heart-breakingly beautiful, hauntingly sad.
3014;3;And the covers are just as good as the originals: "Lilac Wine" is jazz filtered through Pink Floyd, and his famous version of Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah" is a heartbreaking, beautiful, sensual reading.
3014;4;Now, this is a fabulous experience, and I only understood the relevance of this years later, when I read an interview that Buckley did with Nusrat during a US tour.
3014;5;Now, this is a fabulous experience, and I only understood the relevance of this years later, when I read an interview that Buckley did with Nusrat during a US tour.
3014;6;But really, star to finish, a superb record...The Legacy Edition has been newly remastered, admittedly probably somewhat unnecessary given that the album is only a decade or so old, but noentheless the sound is crisp and clean.
3014;7;The Forget Her video is a combination of psychedelic shots, home videos, and footage of Buckley inside of a car.
3014;8;An epic album in scope and raw emotion, Buckley throws himself headlong into each lyric, chord change and style.
3014;9;Amazing song...Last but not the least "Eternal Life" Now this is the song I'd turn up and dance the F*ck out because it is just the most alive song in the whole album.
3014;10;This definitive 3-Disc package is the way to go, if you need to get "Grace"...Throughout my life, I've always been fascinated and felt kinship toward Buckley due to his obsession and love for Sufism and the Qawwali genre of music.
3013;1;Van Morrison in his prime...Moondance...TERRIFIC...jazz ensemble based music, set to the vocals of a true balader, steeped in soul...simple, fun, and descriptive lyrics...what a joy to have this album once again...future generations will enjoy this one!
3013;2;This is my very first blue ray audio disc and with the 5.1 mix it is superb!
3013;3;Always puts me in a great mood....it just feels good to listen to this jazzy, R&B inspired folky rock from one of the most soulful Irishmen ever born.
3013;4;When Moondance was written and performed, the youth culture in America and Europe was blooming and radiating in the free love, peace, joy of life movement and Moondance is the soundtrack for all that romantic nude mid-night swims and vegetarian pot-luck dinners.
3013;5;Quite possibly the best album ever.
3013;6;Just ten solid tracks that bring it home.
3013;7;I can't get over how much I LOVE  "And it Stoned Me" about a playful fishing trip romp with a friend, the voice, the lyrics, and the beat!
3013;8;The way in which Van Morrison sings - making the lyrics sound less poetic than they are - only adds to the mystery of an amazing piece of music..."Crazy Love" and "Into the Mystic" have a simple, truly transcendent beauty in which Van's voice can at times seem totally rigid, yet manages to convey the sweetest emotion better than a huge number of bad imitations (some of which, like Joe Cocker, were already active when "Moondance" came out).
3013;9;"These Dreams of You" isn't one of my favorite Van Morrison songs, but it's fun, light, and has a nice harmonica part.
3013;10;When Moondance was written and performed, the youth culture in America and Europe was blooming and radiating in the free love, peace, joy of life movement and Moondance is the soundtrack for all that romantic nude mid-night swims and vegetarian pot-luck dinners.
3012;1;Van Morrison in his prime...Moondance...TERRIFIC...jazz ensemble based music, set to the vocals of a true balader, steeped in soul...simple, fun, and descriptive lyrics...what a joy to have this album once again...future generations will enjoy this one!
3012;2;This is my very first blue ray audio disc and with the 5.1 mix it is superb!
3012;3;If you don't already own this classic you're in for a treat...pour a nice drink...relax & soak it all in!!
3012;4;When Moondance was written and performed, the youth culture in America and Europe was blooming and radiating in the free love, peace, joy of life movement and Moondance is the soundtrack for all that romantic nude mid-night swims and vegetarian pot-luck dinners.
3012;5;If you don't already own this classic you're in for a treat...pour a nice drink...relax & soak it all in!!
3012;6;Just ten solid tracks that bring it home.
3012;7;I can't get over how much I LOVE  "And it Stoned Me" about a playful fishing trip romp with a friend, the voice, the lyrics, and the beat!
3012;8;The way in which Van Morrison sings - making the lyrics sound less poetic than they are - only adds to the mystery of an amazing piece of music..."Crazy Love" and "Into the Mystic" have a simple, truly transcendent beauty in which Van's voice can at times seem totally rigid, yet manages to convey the sweetest emotion better than a huge number of bad imitations (some of which, like Joe Cocker, were already active when "Moondance" came out).
3012;9;Its use in the film "Immediate  Family" (with Glenn Close and Mary Stuart Masterson dancing to it)  alone makes it worth seeing.
3012;10;When Moondance was written and performed, the youth culture in America and Europe was blooming and radiating in the free love, peace, joy of life movement and Moondance is the soundtrack for all that romantic nude mid-night swims and vegetarian pot-luck dinners.
3034;1;Such an amazing guitarist, it was good to see him get his career back on track with the recently released album.
3034;2;Sad that such a great CD cant be transfered with todays technology.
3034;3;Such an amazing guitarist, it was good to see him get his career back on track with the recently released album.
3034;4;we all know this is a great cd right.
3034;5;I read some of these reviews and im astonished, this album is what the 70s were about, great rock and roll captured live on vinyl.
3034;6;Clean, bright - just plain enjoyable!
3034;7;A great addition to any collection and especially for those who don't mind doing a little time traveling.
3034;8;"Something's Happening" was a fantastic opener that brought you in while "It's a Plain Shame" is a scorching rocker with a great lyric.
3034;9;It take you back to a time when rock was fun.
3034;10;Highly Recommended, Detroit loves Mr. Frampton!!
3035;1;I was looking to vary my music library and  I bought this album on a whim because I enjoy "Royals" and it had such good reviews.
3035;2;I absolutely love lorde , I've got nothing negative to say wonderful album
3035;3;The music is relaxing but not sleepytime music and most songs on the cd are good or great.
3035;4;Lorde's voice is very mysterious and involving.
3035;5;I read the reviews and ordered it and I LOVE IT!
3035;6;Lorde's lyrical take on dream pop's hazy clean vocals is simply ethereal and divine!
3035;7;I'm going on a trip this weekend and I'll be playing this CD during my drive.
3035;8;She writes lyrics with a darker mood on such topics as emotions, growing up in New Zealand, and love.
3035;9;The 10 track CD also contains an excellent dance track I haven't hear on the radio...yet!
3035;10;She doesn't write your average boring pop song about love and partying, but instead writes interesting descriptive songs about her experiences...Her music is what most people would consider "simple" (AKA not overproduced as all hell) but I happen to be a fan of simple music, because I feel you have to be a pretty damn good artist to write simple music that can be both effective and good.
3032;1;the songs are upbeat and happy, which is not always the case with bd, so go get this cd and have yourself a good time.
3032;2;its lyrics beautiful poetry, it's music a fine ballad, that seems to go on forever, but thats not a bad thing.
3032;3;The rest of the album is just as good as this track with comperable ones being Pledging my time and  Just like a woman.
3032;4;The selections here present quite a mix although the perennial themes of lost love, longing and perfidiousness get their full Dylan workout.
3032;5;While perennial commentary has focused on drug use, the song cleverly is really about, well,...rainy day women.
3032;6;Maybe in another 10 years I will understand more of the beautiful poetry that goes into his records.
3032;7;Every song has its place within the album and makes it a 73 minute long trip through Dylan's fascinating mind.
3032;8;It's amazing that Dylan's lyrics and delivery can bridge generational gaps, and conjure up feelings and emotions as vivid of that of my parent's.
3032;9;"Blonde on Blonde" ranks as Dylan's most raucous and fun album.
3032;10;The CD has a couple of speeds and can appeal to a healthy cross-section of music lovers.
3033;1;If you have never listened to old Neil, this is a good start.
3033;2;Young is one of the few rock musicians who seems to take great pains to ensure clear and well-imaged recordings.
3033;3;If you have never listened to old Neil, this is a good start.
3033;4;If you have never listened to old Neil, this is a good start.
3033;5;When I read from your Amazon reviewer that Neil Young only cracked the top ten once, that is a true statement.
3033;6;The CD/DVD pack came with a great price, and since I'm not from the US (last time I checked back home was $35 or more!)
3033;7;Don't pay too much for the DVD/CD set
3033;8;This is a great cd,  I originally bought it just for "Harvest Moon', but the more I listen to the whole cd, the more I love it, it brings back some great memories, (and some sad ones when I listen to Ohio)
3033;9;more fun than a brick through the window of a starbucks
3033;10;Buy this set, you will love it.
3038;1;Different in a good way.
3038;2;Sad, but the best music that Mr. Bowie has given us in years.
3038;3;Different in a good way.
3038;4;The highlight might be the final song, "I Can't Give Everything Away," an electropop workout with Bowie delivering plaintive harmonica fills before giving way to some jazz saxophone and a searing guitar solo.
3038;5;I did so the strength of the reviews I've read.
3038;6;They are out and about town, not entranced by home entertainment He's confident that she'll be around when he wants her.
3038;7;Golden Years was tight, driven by human voices and hand claps.
3038;8;Sad, but the best music that Mr. Bowie has given us in years.
3038;9;Sad, but the best music that Mr. Bowie has given us in years.
3038;10;I grew up with him, loved his music from the beginning and saw him in concert twice.
3039;1;very good customer service - happy with my purchase
3039;2;As sad as I am about her passing, I thank God that she lived, and blessed us with her incredible talent...  I have three grandchildren under the age of six, and I want to expose them to music that is timeless.
3039;3;I must say this is the best CD because I have been looking for a wonderful CD to remember the good old days back when I was in single digit age.
3039;4;Sure, her vocal range has changed over the years but the energy in her voice has never faded
3039;5;Sure, her vocal range has changed over the years but the energy in her voice has never faded
3039;6;Sure, her vocal range has changed over the years but the energy in her voice has never faded
3039;7;Sure, her vocal range has changed over the years but the energy in her voice has never faded
3039;8;As sad as I am about her passing, I thank God that she lived, and blessed us with her incredible talent...  I have three grandchildren under the age of six, and I want to expose them to music that is timeless.
3039;9;her music is still fun and inspiring to listen to.
3039;10;Anyone liking Whitney will love this album.
3036;1;I was originally torn because I really like the song "Mykonos", which only appears on the EP, but decided to pull the trigger on this self-titled album...This purchase was eligible for AutoRip, so I am able to enjoy the album (sans EP) on my mobile devices without having to needle-drop or rip a CD...Now I have this great album (which, admittedly is still growing on me) and the EP, which both sound fantastic on vinyl.
3036;2;I can honestly say that Fleet Foxes/Fleet Foxes was and is the best album of all time from one of the best bands of all time (may it rest in peace).
3036;3;I can honestly say that Fleet Foxes/Fleet Foxes was and is the best album of all time from one of the best bands of all time (may it rest in peace).
3036;4;I can honestly say that Fleet Foxes/Fleet Foxes was and is the best album of all time from one of the best bands of all time (may it rest in peace).
3036;5;And though the bittersweet songs focus on the usual topics -- family, love, lost friends -- there's a strong feeling of pastoral beauty, especially since they're sprinkled with meadowlarks, wood-women, "quivering forests," Tennessee and grassy graves...In fact, the lyrics are crammed with vivid ("And, Michael, you would fall/and turn the white snow red as strawberries") and striking language ("I hold a cornucopia and a golden crown").
3036;6;Best Songs "White Winter Hymnal", "Ragged Wood", "Tiger Mountain Peasant Song", "Ragged Wood", "Oliver James" and "Quiet Houses"
3036;7;The hippie-looking Robin Pecknold is probably the band's driving force, writing all the lyrics and taking charge with the vocals, but you get the feeling they just like playing together as a group and working together to create one memorable sound.
3036;8;This music has such a good mix of lyrics, instruments and vocal harmony.
3036;9;The arrangements are right on,lyrics are oddly right (as with a good poem, there are still questions at the end of the songs)and, as i said, the harmonies are fun to try to sing along to.
3036;10;I bought this CD knowing that I would like it, but I LOVE it.
3037;1;Get it while the getting is good.
3037;2;With this DVD release, and the remixed 5.1 sound by James Guthrie, it finally does justice to the concert.
3037;3;Get it while the getting is good.
3037;4;With this DVD release, and the remixed 5.1 sound by James Guthrie, it finally does justice to the concert.
3037;5;She also dances so freaking sexy...  Sam if you ever read this... you are The Woman musician...
3037;6;Fun to watch every once in a while, or put on while you clean or cook.
3037;7;if your into Pink Floyd like me you got to have this it is the best takes you on a trip of there music and great vidio to go along with it
3037;8;I cannot begin to say how many times and to what depth his voice, lyrics and music have deeply, deeply touched my soul like no other music...I salute all of Pink Floyd - Syd, Roger, Nick, Rick and David!
3037;9;Gilmore looks to be having fun, and demonstrates why he may be the greatest guitar player of all time...The set and lights are spectacular, and I could just watch the backup singers dance,.
3037;10;For the love of god, release this already.
3026;1;All the songs are fun and they are hardcore.the language may be a turn off,but slipknot really is a very good metal band.
3026;2;As is a sad fact with most decent bands their first cd is the best one and the same is true for Slipknot.
3026;3;They each have a unique sound that is worth listening to and r nething but nu metal (even though thats wut they r considered) and among them, the greatest is in my opinion, SlipKnoT...  SlipKnoT has created a sound that has led to millions of fans all over the globe and it was for good reason.
3026;4;They each have a unique sound that is worth listening to and r nething but nu metal (even though thats wut they r considered) and among them, the greatest is in my opinion, SlipKnoT...  SlipKnoT has created a sound that has led to millions of fans all over the globe and it was for good reason.
3026;5;Hope you enjoyed reading this.
3026;6;Slipknot is  totally different, there sound is clean, yet hard.
3026;7;"No Life" is really fast in most departments (guitars, vocals, drumming) and makes for good driving music.
3026;8;I don't see how anyone can compare this to Korn or Limp Bizkit...Slipknot has way more emotion in the lyrics and the musical talent is far superior over Korn or Limp Bizkit.
3026;9;It's heavy, it's hard, and it's fun to listen to.
3026;10;Spit it Out - Second best, I loved the video!
3027;1;Iron Maiden has done a fantastic job on this, and I am happy to say, my wife likes it, my kids do as well.
3027;2;To me this has sounds and feelings from every Maiden era from the early days, to powerslave to seventh son to brave new world.
3027;3;I have been in music retail for 25 years, sold a lot of Iron Maiden, but this will be exciting to sell, and tell everyone how good it is.
3027;4;This leads to a sound that isn't POLISHED.The Book of Souls sports considerable heft, theres pretty good balance between the instruments, and the drums still pop.
3027;5;BD sounds really good - I was wary after reading about his health problems.
3027;6;All the while, the sounds of familiarity balanced the unkown, from the sound of a voice, guitar and drum sound, that I have come to know so well and felt like home in at times my turbulent and beautiful life, that also pushes us all into the unknown.
3027;7;Driving guitars,  thumping bass lines, amazing drum work and of course Bruce Dickinson's amazing vocals (crazy to think this man can still sing so powerfully after almost 4 decades and a recent surgery), the crazy time changes, subject matter that will take you right to Wikipedia to learn more about what each song is about etc..
3027;8;The lyrics weren't as intense and didn't draw me in as much, but overall the song is a fantastic piece of art and flows beautifully.
3027;9;This band captures listeners from all generations, and the iconic Eddie sure makes it more fun for everyone.
3027;10;But after a couple more listens I really started to understand it and love it even more.
3024;1;I suppose I can elaborate a bit on how they drive me...I get sexy smoothness from "Loving You" and sexy fun from "Love Never Felt So Good".
3024;2;highly recommend it not a bad or boring song on here
3024;3;It is a really good, solid album!
3024;4;Michael Jackson threw away more great songs than many artists could hope to make their catalog!
3024;5;Michael Jackson threw away more great songs than many artists could hope to make their catalog!
3024;6;Michael Jackson threw away more great songs than many artists could hope to make their catalog!
3024;7;It is a fine instrument that drives this entire musical journey.
3024;8;highly recommend it not a bad or boring song on here
3024;9;"Xscape" gives me that dance feel and tells about what I would love to do every day, if I could only make it happen.
3024;10;This is the Michael we all love and miss.
3025;1;All good, I am happy customer : )
3025;2;This CD was a gift to my nephew for Christmas.
3025;3;love it she is always good.
3025;4;This CD was a gift to my nephew for Christmas.
3025;5;This CD was a gift to my nephew for Christmas.
3025;6;This CD was a gift to my nephew for Christmas.
3025;7;Carrie Underwood's music is so nice to listen to while we travel.
3025;8;She's so inspiring with her lyrics.
3025;9;I love Carrie Underwood's music
3025;10;I've loved her since she was on AI and voted for her every week while she was on the TV show.
3030;1;It is a song with a great beat that would always make me feel good.
3030;2;Which is definitely not said as a bad thing, quite the contrary, and not to say this is music pigeonholed in the 70s, this is timeless music that in the end, in history, he we'll be known for over the Odelays of his catalogue...In truth, it's actually much harder to do simple songs where, per Occam's razor, less is more
3030;3;It makes you feel good and very relaxed.
3030;4;The musical arrangements of "Country Down" Blackbird Chain" and "Blue Moon" are flawless.
3030;5;I wouldn't call it melancholy or morose, but it firmly plants you in a very serious, focused place, where you are compelled to LISTEN and asborb.
3030;6;Morning Phase is a album that is like a fresh clean spring morning.
3030;7;The musical arrangements of "Country Down" Blackbird Chain" and "Blue Moon" are flawless.
3030;8;But, enough about Sea Change...There are only a few tracks on Morning Phase that don't contain the words "morning", "sun", "day" or "light", and, each song, regardless of its lyrics, captures a different aspect of the sun's light.
3030;9;The musical arrangements of "Country Down" Blackbird Chain" and "Blue Moon" are flawless.
3030;10;I absolutely love this new album from Beck.
3031;1;Enjoy the album...Good Songs: Dyer Maker, The Song Remains the Same, The Ocean, Over the Hills and Far Away...Ok songs: Dancing Days, The Rain Song.
3031;2;It oozes sarcasm and bad behavior, and truly has a pure rock sound.
3031;3;Dancing Days-5/5-Catchy, lyrics are good.
3031;4;Dancing Days-5/5-Catchy, lyrics are good.
3031;5;I remember reading a Zeppelin biography by an insider in the Led Zeppelin outfit and this is the album I played all the while I was so fascinated when I read it.
3031;6;The Ocean is a great funky rocker that closes the album nicely...Houses Of The Holy is an amazing album.
3031;7;The reggae-influenced song "D'Yer Mak'er", featuring John Bonham's driving drums makes for an exceptional love song.
3031;8;Dancing Days-5/5-Catchy, lyrics are good.
3031;9;Dancing Days is a fun song of summer partying with a recognizable guitar riff that sets the pace and tone for the album's seasonal theme.
3031;10;I love the beat in this one...6.
3028;1;The sound, the record quality, and the emotions are way worth the purchase over cd or digital.
3028;2;Tearz  is a hip hop ballad about bad choices in life, also a great one.
3028;3;So it's good music for all occasions.
3028;4;The epic saga that has become known as the Wu Dynasty was launched with this '96 hiphop gem.
3028;5;It lets you focus on the rhymes.
3028;6;It has now made its way into my car as the best driving music ever, and now I even listen to it at home when I'm just chillin out.
3028;7;It has now made its way into my car as the best driving music ever, and now I even listen to it at home when I'm just chillin out.
3028;8;Wu-Tang brings insightful lyrics and beats that make  your ears sizzle with enjoyment.
3028;9;This album is crazy, hardcore and fun to listen too.
3028;10;I love the raw  street feel it has.
3029;1;That is how good the MAN IN BLACK is on this CD!
3029;2;Cash sounds like a man that has seen it all, the good and the bad, the highs and the lows, and is still standing.
3029;3;Cash sounds like a man that has seen it all, the good and the bad, the highs and the lows, and is still standing.
3029;4;Rest in peace Johnny Cash.
3029;5;I will definitely purchase the rest of the American Recordings, and additionally have found the three Bear Family Records issue of the series of Man in Black box sets covering Cash's career from 1954 all the way to 1969 on a total of 16 CDs highly desirable (which I found out about on Amazon by reading the reviews....)  ...
3029;6;This track is clean and crisp with a certain Ring of Fire feel to it.
3029;7;I love This c.d. I listen to this c.d. all the time in my car singing along at the top of my lungs.
3029;8;It is full of heartfelt emotion and love.
3029;9;Haunting lines like, " A thorn tree in a whirlwind" capture the mood of spiritual frustration perfectly...Half the fun of the AMERICAN series seemes to be, what fashionably hip or offbeat cover is he going to tackle this time.
3029;10;Flash back to a couple of days ago, and I heard he died.
2852;1;The tune of course also serves to counterpoint the tragedy of those who "drowned upon the staircase of brass and polished gold" and the "dead bodies floating in the double bottomed hull"...Now you've got a taste for it, start the CD from the beginning and enjoy Duquesne Whistle, with its distinctive old-style intro and an absolutely first rate shuffle arrangement that clearly the musicians themselves found a lot of fun.
2852;2;Sometimes funny, sometimes sad but always a pleasure to listen to.
2852;3;I recommend for all liking the flavor of good music.
2852;4;Best part, the CD for sale at the concert was 'way over-priced, but Amazon offered it well within my budget for such items... Listen and enjoy!
2852;5;Thanks, Bob - my children's children study and enjoy what you have done.
2852;6;The first half of the album is a collection of excellent dirty road house blues which, while not ground breaking by any stretch of the imagination, stand along side the finest of blues classics.
2852;7;There is also an absolute feast for those of us who have already travelled a very long way with him.
2852;8;He uses his diminished vocal skills in new and thrilling ways, and the lyrics are revelatory for folks willing to really probe their depths.
2852;9;The tune of course also serves to counterpoint the tragedy of those who "drowned upon the staircase of brass and polished gold" and the "dead bodies floating in the double bottomed hull"...Now you've got a taste for it, start the CD from the beginning and enjoy Duquesne Whistle, with its distinctive old-style intro and an absolutely first rate shuffle arrangement that clearly the musicians themselves found a lot of fun.
2852;10;I have loved Bob Dylan since I fist heard him in 1964.
2853;1;Andrea Bocelli, is the world's most popular tenor (and Best selling) and pop sensation as well, This set is all pop (crossover), Though some of it has a classical feel to it...The Songs include a nice selection of some of Bocelli's best work Bocelli has a very beautiful voice, that expresses much emotion.
2853;2;hevis a gift from God
2853;3;SOOOOOO good just a magical experiance music wise.
2853;4;hevis a gift from God
2853;5;hevis a gift from God
2853;6;Fabulous trip to Tuscany and Andrea's home town for a musical extravaganza sure to please.
2853;7;Fabulous trip to Tuscany and Andrea's home town for a musical extravaganza sure to please.
2853;8;Andrea Bocelli, is the world's most popular tenor (and Best selling) and pop sensation as well, This set is all pop (crossover), Though some of it has a classical feel to it...The Songs include a nice selection of some of Bocelli's best work Bocelli has a very beautiful voice, that expresses much emotion.
2853;9;hevis a gift from God
2853;10;If you love Andrea Bocelli, you will love this dvd.
2854;1;For those who wonder why so many people think Pac is the best ever, this album is a good place to start, to see why.
2854;2;Despite the huge presence of themes of pain, paranoia, and death on this album, many other issues are touched upon also, such as social improvement and education for young people, honesty, family values, friendship, and just plain good times.
2854;3;For those who wonder why so many people think Pac is the best ever, this album is a good place to start, to see why.
2854;4;RIP Pac - greatest of all time.
2854;5;Indeed, these are both spectacular albums in their own right, yet for their greatness, they aren't quite as focused and well rounded as this album right here, which is also a pretty popular choice.
2854;6;RIP Pac - greatest of all time.
2854;7;Perhaps the deepest song on here though is So Many Tears, this has to be one of the illest and most introspective songs ever, over an incredible harmonica and bass driven beat (love the Stevie Wonder sample too).
2854;8;It wasn't just Pacs lyrics, beats, versatility or production that made him the best, it was that real raw emotion, he put into his works that made him Hiphops most loved.
2854;9;Despite the huge presence of themes of pain, paranoia, and death on this album, many other issues are touched upon also, such as social improvement and education for young people, honesty, family values, friendship, and just plain good times.
2854;10;2Pac pays his respects on "Old School," gets romantic on "Can U Get Away," and gets angry on "F*** the World."
2855;1;Overall, the CD is good
2855;2;Like each one of these profound soul stirrers, Alicia has a raw combination of desire and pain that accents every  song.
2855;3;A masterpiece, superior to its predecessor which, don't get me wrong was very good...There is a relaxed, breezy feel to the whole cd, and the songs catch you instantly.
2855;4;The NEXT defining song of her career).
2855;5;If you were reading reviews to make a decision on whether or not to cop this disc, let me be the one to tell you to go right ahead and do it.
2855;6;Awesome for those days when you are stuck in the house and want to just chill.
2855;7;She has enhanced upon her driven talent and penned new lyrics reminiscent of the old school flavor we all still long for.
2855;8;#6 - If I Ain't Got You (Gorgeous lyrics, lush instrumentation, and beautiful vocals.
2855;9;So Simple- 4/5: It's a really fun song to listen to...11.
2855;10;I love it when I'm right!!!
2848;1;"Celebration Day", is a good little rocker, fun times.
2848;2;Despite negative experiences Zep's optimistic spirit surged on...Alongside all of this one can't help but feel the fine touch of John Paul Jones arranging talents combining with those of Jimmy Page
2848;3;This album is one wild ride with the huge hit imagrent song which far surpasses communication breakdown or good times bad times to the amazing ballid since i've been loving you this album is a beautiful folk rock tiumph not to be missed.
2848;4;But after listening to it, oh, say 5 more times, I really began to appreciate the marvelous range of musical styles  present on this album.
2848;5;Instead of building the blues on pummeling riffs they instead focus more on an acoustic foundation, giving the record a rich, warm sound.
2848;6;Tangerine, along with the Rain Song from Houses of the Holy, is one of Zeppelin's most beautiful compositions.
2848;7;Ever since then I have enjoyed both electric and acoustic driven songs big time.
2848;8;The ascending bass line during the "...with thrashing oar..." lyric line is merciless.
2848;9;"Celebration Day", is a good little rocker, fun times.
2848;10;But I  love it, and think you will too.
2849;1;good news all the way!
2849;2;Me & My girlfriend, Tragic end for one of my generation's greatest rappers, it's too bad he came from the leftist/communist/panther background.
2849;3;good news all the way!
2849;4;He talks about many topics and is extremely lyrical.
2849;5;He talks about many topics and is extremely lyrical.
2849;6;He talks about many topics and is extremely lyrical.
2849;7;It was also known that Suge and Pac were listening to the album in Las Vegas when he got shot in the car...The opening track "Bomb First" is one of the hottest and most potent tracks ever recorded.
2849;8;"Hail Mary" comes in next and has one of the tightest beats in hip hop today and has some of Pac's best lyrics over this raw beat.
2849;9;TOSS IT UP is more on a party or dance level but still a great song.
2849;10;Me and My Girlfriend - Alright beat, Pac spits great lyrics about being in love with his gun, hook is great - 4.5/5.
2850;1;I agree with a lot of people when they say that a lot of Britney's songs are very similar to each other, but they are all happy, fun, and lively songs.
2850;2;... I Did It Again", "Stronger", and "Lucky" to the break-up songs "Don't Go Knockin' On My Door" and "What U  See (Is What You Get)", Britney hits us another time with a great album...In "Dear Diary" and "Can't Make You Love Me", she tells us about a boy she likes
2850;3;It can make you feel good and make you wanna get up and  dance!
2850;4;I liked this one so much I bought it twice one for $25 and one for $3.
2850;5;But I begin to read more about her, really listen to her music, and I  have respect for her.
2850;6;I liked this one so much I bought it twice one for $25 and one for $3.
2850;7;Includes a cool picture of Britney's car, as well as nice pictures of Brit herself.
2850;8;The lyrics  are good but you would expect that from the writer.
2850;9;This song makes a nice dance tune and is fun to listen too, mostly.
2850;10;I love the  songs "Oops!
2851;1;Every song is good, you can put it on and enjoy the whole album.
2851;2;This guy is going to go far...Great CD.
2851;3;This album is very good and I think appeals to all.
2851;4;This guy is going to go far...Great CD.
2851;5;But, as I said the album focuses mostly on the pop rock sound, recent bands like 3 Doors Down and Nickelback have made so popular.
2851;6;"Home"  My favorite track, hopefully a future single.
2851;7;I have listened to it many times and found it is a very good CD to drive with.
2851;8;The lyrics are charged with emotion and are definitely ones people can relate to.
2851;9;This guy is going to go far...Great CD.
2851;10;I agree with the previous reviewer who mentioned the Fozzy All That Remains Reloaded.....you'll love that if you dig Dughtry
2860;1;I was happy to be able to get songs like "the dock of the bay" and "dreams to remember," both really good songs.
2860;2;When you listen to "These arms of mine,Try a little tenderness,Pain in my heart,Shake and Tramp.
2860;3;This is a good pick to crank up while you sweat on the elliptical trainer, or to relax with while you sip a martini on Friday after work is finished for the week.
2860;4;I love "best of" cds because you get all the good stuff on one cd.
2860;5;Getting the best of is saying you understand Shakespeare after reading a few plays.
2860;6;In the meantime, you'll also enjoy the exhilirating work of the Stax/Volt house band who were undeniably at their peak during this time.
2860;7;I love "best of" cds because you get all the good stuff on one cd.
2860;8;"Happy Song" Simple catchy melody with sweet lyrics that make you choke up if you listen them.
2860;9;With his gritty soulful pipes, and soul music accompanied by a brass section and a strong rhythm section on those foot-stomping numbers, his brief impact on the music scene hinted at things to come had he not died aged 26...The slow-dance of "I've Been Lovin' You Too Long" is simply heartwarming, nice for the last dance of the evening.
2860;10;I love "best of" cds because you get all the good stuff on one cd.
2861;1;Full of emotions, energy, tight song writing and fantastic images.
2861;2;This is a cool cd,it has kind of a hippie blue grass feel to it.
2861;3;Probably just a sentimental fancy of mine, but thats how good the album sounds to me.
2861;4;This is easily the best album Rosanne Cash has ever made, and I can't help but wonder if--with her father having been gone a few years--she's ready to step up and carry the torch for him.
2861;5;(I still like to hold a CD in my hand and read the booklet.
2861;6;I get the sense that living on the road is fun for her, but it is always great to come home to a loved one.
2861;7;There are some powerful emotional moments here, driven by lyrics that are once evocative and,er, lyrical...Musically, the instruments and melodies harken back to the underrated Rules of Travel, Black Cadillac and The List.
2861;8;"A Feather's Not A Bird" opens with an addictive beat, a catchy tune and a metaphorical lyric that keeps you coming back & getting more, "The money's all in Nashville but the light's inside my head."
2861;9;I get the sense that living on the road is fun for her, but it is always great to come home to a loved one.
2861;10;History and love songs beautifully sung.
2862;1;Every song on this album has a good vibe to it  and gets all the emotions out of you.
2862;2;The lovelorn heart of Moreno beats as that of a poet and on White Pony you will feel his sorrow in a swoon of multidirectional harmony and pain.
2862;3;Cool chourus's and a good beat.
2862;4;Depth, layers, twisting and turning textures...this is what "White Pony" is all about!
2862;5;The best songs on this CD are Back to School (I have the white version, but it seems more people read reviews for the standard silver version...), Feitceria, Digital Bath, RX Queen, Street Carp, Teenager, Knife Prty, Passenger, and Change.
2862;6;This album is an instant classic with some of the  Deftones best songs to date, like Change (in the house of flies), digital  bath, & passenger (feat.
2862;7;If there are any  songs on the previous Deftones songs which point the developments made on  this CD, "Be quiet  and drive (Far away)" is the closest to it.
2862;8;A distinct difference is found too in the lyrics, which highlight far more feeling and true emotion than most other bands within their genre.
2862;9;I  found that I had fun with those particular two.
2862;10;While it does have tracks that go back to their roots, i.e. "Street Carp", "Elite", it also has some of the most beautifuly composed songs they've ever created, such as Chino's tribute to his girlfriend, "RX Queen", to "Teenager" a track going back to the innocence of high school love.
2863;1;Great album when it came out great now, the warning video ive seen, still a good buy for young cats not up on B.I.G
2863;2;The production is perfect for Big, there isn't a bad track on this CD, front to back.
2863;3;But Biggie aint bad himself, this CD is really good.
2863;4;"Gimme the Loot" is one of the songs that shows his lyrical genius, where he plays multiple characters in a conversation, creating a classic track.
2863;5;, when i read other reviews they all say 2pac is better or biggie is better but to me, they are both the best at the same rate becuz they are the best lyricist in history.
2863;6;The end of the song is funny, where the guys actually do try to rob his house.
2863;7;I especially love listening to this CD when I'm driving because there's an overall motown feel to the music that I associate with cruising.
2863;8;Top to bottom this cd is incredible
2863;9;More highlights are the spectacular Ready to Die, the classic Juicy (great hip hop bass line), and the dance party favorite Big Poppa.
2863;10;Its a great album and I reccomend it to anyone who loves hip hop.
2856;1;If you enjoy Iron Maiden's classic metal sound, especially their more progressive side, then this album is as good as it gets...The tunes are fantastic, the arrangements are imaginative and quite elaborate and the playing is absolutely stunning throughout...and Bruce Dickinson has never sounded better.
2856;2;There are no bad songs in here,maybe "The evil that men do"is kinda cheesy but the rest is so great.
2856;3;I like Bruce's spoken-word part in the middle...Only The Good Die Young is a good closer too, and I like how it closes with the "Seven _______" part from the Moonchild intro...OTHER SONGS I LOVE:.
2856;4;They switch gears for the next song, the masterful Epic Title Track, sporting increadible musical passages and lyrical wonders.
2856;5;The lyrics are fantastic (just read the lyrics to "The Evil That Men Do") and Dickinson really belts it on this one...This was a fantastic way to close the decade for the band.
2856;6;With that being said, "7th Son" still rocks the house.
2856;7;Nicko has always been an unsung hero, and while he doesn't stand out like the others he's got tons of power and energy and drives them well.
2856;8;This album has it all: a great story,terrific songs,talented musicians,intellectual lyrics and it gets the highest rating I can give 5 stars,I can't give it more unfortunaly...
2856;9;The best song here is the title track, this one is mind blowing, it is very similar to 'Rime of the Ancient Mariner' (off Powerslave) and 'Alexander the Great' (off Somewhere in Time) but here the story was written by Maiden, the real fun starts in the 7th min of the song, it has plenty guitar solos, and the riffs in the end are amazing.
2856;10;I like Bruce's spoken-word part in the middle...Only The Good Die Young is a good closer too, and I like how it closes with the "Seven _______" part from the Moonchild intro...OTHER SONGS I LOVE:.
2857;1;Good CD and collection of sogs for anyone who enjoys Pink!
2857;2;This  is one of my favorite CDS, as I love Pink, not bad for a middle aged teacher/tutor :D  this was for several of my students to listen to over the holidays, ( I teach K- High School) the  middle schoolers love this the most.
2857;3;Good CD and collection of sogs for anyone who enjoys Pink!
2857;4;I love all the songs, my favorite is raise your glass!
2857;5;I love all the songs, my favorite is raise your glass!
2857;6;I love all the songs, my favorite is raise your glass!
2857;7;This isn't new stuff - I think it was produced in 2010 - but it is lively and fun for driving.
2857;8;This album makes feel every emotion she must feel when writing or singing the songs.
2857;9;a fun album/cd to listen to and to dance to.
2857;10;I love all the songs, my favorite is raise your glass!
2858;1;This is a good introductory compilation, as well as something that long-time fans can enjoy, as well.
2858;2;But it's not that bad -- the segues are logical, artful in places and fairly unobtrusive.
2858;3;On Disc 1 the good songs that are really worth lisening to are:  1.
2858;4;Echoes is the dream compilation I have been waiting decades for.
2858;5;Echoes is the dream compilation I have been waiting decades for.
2858;6;But anyway... back to that... it's a brilliant compilation of the stuff... a welcoming home mat is that... and the audio is quality great.
2858;7;Still the best sonic head trip around.
2858;8;For my money, the inspired artwork (an incredible overview of references to their legendary Hipgnosis album covers over three decades) and generous packaging (including all the lyrics and a lot of photos)  these alone are worth at least half the cost of this album.
2858;9;I have been a Pink Floyd fun for the last five years, this CD is an example of their long career.
2858;10;I love Floyd and have loved the Floyd, something I could never avoid.
2859;1;Anyone who has an appreciation for good music, and can keep an open mind will enjoy this.
2859;2;It started  to look pretty sad, that is, until these guys came along with their  explosive debut.
2859;3;I personally  don't care much for bands like Korn, LB and Deftones and prefer real metal  such as Slayer, Arch Enemy and Strapping Young Lad but SOAD is damn good.
2859;4;I personally  don't care much for bands like Korn, LB and Deftones and prefer real metal  such as Slayer, Arch Enemy and Strapping Young Lad but SOAD is damn good.
2859;5;this song is actually quite  funny, and you'll probably burst out laughing, whether trying to sing along  to the helium voice, or reading the lyrics ("strong refridgerators,  gaining independence).
2859;6;I bought the album,went home and played.it and I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
2859;7;I personally  don't care much for bands like Korn, LB and Deftones and prefer real metal  such as Slayer, Arch Enemy and Strapping Young Lad but SOAD is damn good.
2859;8;You can still enjoy this cd  without having to aggree with the lyrics.
2859;9;Barely any of it rhymes, but the wide rang of vocal styles  that Serj uses make it fun to sing along to (just listen to it, i can't  even begin to explain them).
2859;10;I love this album system of a down are the most amazing band I have Ever heard.
2869;1;It has so many beautiful elements: good music, good hooks and fantastic lyrics "I'm gonna smile because I deserve to..."  Ahh.....-I Will Be- Co-Written by Avril Lavigne, this song is definitely a stand out track.
2869;2;She shines quite well on her sad songs but on her happy songs she does as well.
2869;3;good deal, works great, fast shipping
2869;4;I love this song more that Better in Time but because that's already a UK hit, that might be her next single.
2869;5;Leona far surpasses Kelly Clarkson, Beyonce, Jessica Simpson, Rihanna, Alicia Keys, Christina Aguilera, and any other female artist since Mariah Carey...Leona sings with so much soul and emotion and passion and it breaks my heart greatly to read that people think Kelly Clarkson is still better than Leona.
2869;6;I love this song more that Better in Time but because that's already a UK hit, that might be her next single.
2869;7;All the songs on here are very radio friendly and melody driven...My 2 favorite songs on this CD that I could play over and over and over and never get sick of are: "Take A Bow" and "Here I Am".
2869;8;It's just THE perfect combination of meaningful lyrics, instrumentation, vocal arrangement and off course, all anchored by Leona's vocal emotion...Footprints in the sand is a curiousity, but emotionally fuelled, once again hilighting her vocals.
2869;9;Absolutely excellent, catchy fun tune.
2869;10;I love this song more that Better in Time but because that's already a UK hit, that might be her next single.
2868;1;though DB's best songs sound good live on Pulse.
2868;2;This is Pink Floyd's first Water-less release, and it's not bad as some Waters fanatics are trying to show it.
2868;3;though DB's best songs sound good live on Pulse.
2868;4;It is a ride worth taking.
2868;5;A Momentary Lapse Of Reason represents a point of transition for the band and a general movement from social commentary to a meticulous focus on musicianship.
2868;6;It is a ride worth taking.
2868;7;It was his words, drive, and passion that made things go.
2868;8;This is Pink Floyd's first Water-less release, and it's not bad as some Waters fanatics are trying to show it.
2868;9;It is a ride worth taking.
2868;10;However if the music of this band is what has always moved you, then you're going to love this.
2871;1;Although this album has a different sound than Highway to Hell, it is still just as good, and a lot of fun.
2871;2;It's a very human song for them, and very sad, in lyrics and tune.
2871;3;Excellent CD
2871;4;this band is so great
2871;5;this band is so great
2871;6;Break some rocks with the original chain gang folks and bring this saucy little bust-out into your home.....PS: For what it's worth  the following is my ideal 1976 9-track "Dirty Deeds..." LP that mixes up the Aussie and International releases:.
2871;7;this band is so great
2871;8;It's a very human song for them, and very sad, in lyrics and tune.
2871;9;This was the first AC/DC album I bought years ago, but I must say it still seems to be the most fun of them all.
2871;10;Obviously, I love almost every song on this CD.
2870;1;Love this artist and what a great live cd, really enjoyed this almost better than the produced cd.
2870;2;If he rested on these laurels I wouldn't be sad but, man, I love this album.
2870;3;Well now the album is here and I've given it a good few listens.
2870;4;The riff is nice, but again Hozier shines great with his vocals especially in the chorus.
2870;5;The riff is nice, but again Hozier shines great with his vocals especially in the chorus.
2870;6;The riff is nice, but again Hozier shines great with his vocals especially in the chorus.
2870;7;This CD lives in my car
2870;8;The lyrics about Eve and the Serpent are very clever without sounding too religious.
2870;9;Better late to the party than never-have listened to this twice since getting it a day ago.
2870;10;Love this artist and what a great live cd, really enjoyed this almost better than the produced cd.
2865;1;I would recommend her music to anyone who enjoys good music.
2865;2;This is an excellent Christmas album, Susan Boyle does and incredible job, I am sure this is an album that we will enjoy for many years.
2865;3;I would recommend her music to anyone who enjoys good music.
2865;4;This is an excellent Christmas album, Susan Boyle does and incredible job, I am sure this is an album that we will enjoy for many years.
2865;5;I enjoy putting it on in the evening while reading or on the computer.
2865;6;It is so nice to have her songs for Christmas ringing through the house for the holiday season.
2865;7;This is an excellent Christmas album, Susan Boyle does and incredible job, I am sure this is an album that we will enjoy for many years.
2865;8;This is an excellent Christmas album, Susan Boyle does and incredible job, I am sure this is an album that we will enjoy for many years.
2865;9;Inspiring as well as mellow and fun!
2865;10;I prefer the songs in this one... more of the standards we've come to know and love as well as a couple of "new" ones.
2864;1;Ready To Die-Good Song, good lines.
2864;2;The production is perfect for Big, there isn't a bad track on this CD, front to back.
2864;3;But Biggie aint bad himself, this CD is really good.
2864;4;#13 - 10 (CLASSIC -- Great beat).
2864;5;, when i read other reviews they all say 2pac is better or biggie is better but to me, they are both the best at the same rate becuz they are the best lyricist in history.
2864;6;One night I was over at my friend's house and I saw the video for "Big Poppa" and I loved it.
2864;7;Anyone who is a true hip hop head has this album in the house or the car, few CD's measure up to this one, and even fewer  ever will.
2864;8;The lyrics here are great and definitely fun to listen to - a lot of it's also pretty funny and quotable.
2864;9;More highlights are the spectacular Ready to Die, the classic Juicy (great hip hop bass line), and the dance party favorite Big Poppa.
2864;10;Anyone can make a rhyme, some can even weave a really insightful yarn... but Biggie creates a symphony...What I loved MOST about him above all others was his ability to enthusiastically deliver his gift for graphic verse, yet NOT take himself too seriously (which, despite his talent, was one of my major reservations about Tupac).
2867;1;She has good Mix of Country/pop songs and she sings them with emotion and she feels each song.
2867;2;I love the songs on here and if you are negative about this cd because she is an American Idol winner, then try and put that out of your head and go buy this.
2867;3;I like to relax to these at night, my down time before bed, and helps you end the day on a good note, a really good not if you can sing along and reach it.
2867;4;She is going to go very far judging by this effort...There are SO many radio-friendly songs on here - I can see almost all of them being a hit.
2867;5;I read some reviews and I was curious, so I went ahead and bought the cd.
2867;6;I like her music and how clean her song
2867;7;She paly this CD any time she's in her car and loves the entire selection list.
2867;8;Her lyrics are warm, heartfelt and full of emotion.
2867;9;The most fun song on the album.
2867;10;The title track is  an upbeat song about some people get lucky in love.
2866;1;If you like old-fashioned rock 'n roll with updated instrumentals, this is about as good as it gets with (along with "Carl Perkins' and Friends: Blue Suede Shoes" DVD)...This is a fun, nostalgic feel--good disc, which always pleases and is outstanding, as mentioned to both see and hear.
2866;2;To see so many great icons (all in their prime), lay tribute, to this great musician(and great guy), is a pleasure to behold!
2866;3;But back to the music...one reason it is so good is that such an amazing array of talent is willing to relegate themselves to being backing artists for the star they have come to honor.
2866;4;To see so many great icons (all in their prime), lay tribute, to this great musician(and great guy), is a pleasure to behold!
2866;5;If you have read this far, you realize the contribution of Roy, his talent, and the incredible array of stars that attended him at the "Black & White Night" event.
2866;6;Yes, his voice is a legend - but watching it happen really brings home the magic that this man could create.
2866;7;After all he was in the travelling wilburys" right before his death too and that had the late great George Harrison in it.
2866;8;His musical abilities are so perfect and offer so much emotion of sadness and of course love.
2866;9;The shots of the audience (including ones of Kris Kristoferson at one of the tables in the gathering) are lively and fun.
2866;10;It includes a couple of scenes from Black and White Night, which will likely make you want to see the whole of this DVD...The night in question was in the fall of 1987, in the Coconut Grove of the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles.
2877;1;Is good to still be alive and sane and be able to enjoy this music as if it was yesterdays.
2877;2;Lord, organist supreme and causing pain and pleasure during "Lazy" and "Space Truckin'".
2877;3;They really ended up picking the best versions out of the three shows for the official release, but this is really good.
2877;4;"Lazy" is the mostly instrumental workout for John  and Ritchie and shows the absolutely evilest sounds ever wrenched from an  hammond organ.
2877;5;If you read my review of UFO's Strangers in the Night", you will see my favorite rock live albums and criteria for inclusion.
2877;6;This album is a classic that should be in every car and home all over the world.
2877;7;It is raw, powerful, driving and straight forward live rock and roll music.
2877;8;apart from the emotion and attitude,Ian etc are technically skilled.
2877;9;Sometimes a guitar solo goes down a path (e.g. on 'Space Trucking'), gets bogged down and needs to be rescued by the rest of the band, but that's all part of the fun.
2877;10;I love the 1973 mix the best.
2876;1;This version is highly recommended to anyone who does not currently own Diary on cd, and to hardcore fans who already do, as they did a good job keeping the price reasonable, and the content is fantastic...If anything, the restored bass and drums on Diary have been brought up in the mix
2876;2;The album is awesome with some of my favorite songs Tonight is just a masterpiece right there alone.
2876;3;So good to hear this album on disc, I've waited for this a long time.
2876;4;The album is awesome with some of my favorite songs Tonight is just a masterpiece right there alone.
2876;5;The album is awesome with some of my favorite songs Tonight is just a masterpiece right there alone.
2876;6;"Tonight" is a beautiful song that I found myself singing while walking home down Grant St on the IUP Campus many years ago.
2876;7;"You Cant Kill Rock and Roll" is a catchy guitar driven track with some Amazing vocals.
2876;8;To start with, his eerie use of haunting keyboards, heavy guitar riffs, unique vocal style, choice of lyrics and willingness to stray outside of the box is one of the reasons I find all if his work amazing.
2876;9;One of the best songs you could play while at a party and another great anthemic chorus.
2876;10;"You Can't Kill Rock `N' Roll" is a gorgeous, concert-ready brooder filled with AC-DC-reminiscent lyricism (i.e. "Rock and roll is my religion and love"), lovely acoustic strumming, and squealing solos
2879;1;As long as you're having fun writing and playing your music, we'll (your fans) will enjoy it with you.
2879;2;In the HBO series he places himself in full service of the North American music history.
2879;3;Wish I knew how Dave can keep writing such good songs album after album.
2879;4;In the HBO series he places himself in full service of the North American music history.
2879;5;In the HBO series he places himself in full service of the North American music history.
2879;6;In the HBO series he places himself in full service of the North American music history.
2879;7;Strong deep bass with a fantastic driving rhythm makes this another great addition.
2879;8;Throughout Sonic Highways, Dave Grohl's lyrics and the incredibly tuneful and expressive FF sound create a musical treat that you will want to play again and again.
2879;9;As long as you're having fun writing and playing your music, we'll (your fans) will enjoy it with you.
2879;10;I got it as a present for my girlfriend and she loves it, the sound is great, as well as the band and the presentation really nice.
2878;1;If you like ENYA like I do this is a very good CD
2878;2;Finally another masterpiece from the one named ENYA!
2878;3;Just great sleeping or relaxing music !
2878;4;Finally another masterpiece from the one named ENYA!
2878;5;The melodies here are very strong, the songs focused and inspired and fresh...Again, I want to point out that Enya writes the melodies, plays all the instruments, and performs all the vocals here (sometimes layering her voice up to five hundred times so what sounds like a choir is, in fact, Enya herself).
2878;6;Did not think she could out do herself but she has a home run with this one.
2878;7;I love Enya's music for driving in traffic in my growing hometown of Dallas.
2878;8;Very relaxing & beautiful voice & lyrics
2878;9;Finally another masterpiece from the one named ENYA!
2878;10;Love all of her music.
2873;1;All of it is good, but I really enjoy the songs "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap" & "Big Balls".
2873;2;From Dirty Deeds to Squeler, there isn't a bad track on the album and Bon shows just why he is a rock-n-roll legend.
2873;3;They replaced "Jailbreak" and "R.I.P(Rock In Peace)" but with the later two on the album it is by far the best one.
2873;4;Dirty Deeds is, i think one of AC/DC`s best album.
2873;5;Dirty Deeds is, i think one of AC/DC`s best album.
2873;6;So listen and enjoy, with a conscience only as clean as your imagination.
2873;7;Dirty Deeds is, i think one of AC/DC`s best album.
2873;8;It's a very human song for them, and very sad, in lyrics and tune.
2873;9;fun to torment pop djs with.
2873;10;It has everything an AC/DC fan loves.
2872;1;But it's still worth owning as it's fun and part of that era of good pop and rock songs that a band of the era would try to do as well as these guys!
2872;2;His first recorded composition, DON'T BOTHER ME is not a bad song by any means and is a praiseworthy first effort.
2872;3;just as was said very good
2872;4;"All My Loving" sports some great harmonizing
2872;5;Excellent product, supplier highly recommended
2872;6;Excellent product, supplier highly recommended
2872;7;Even so , take a trip back to  simple era in pop rock music and the songs are still worth hearing today.
2872;8;you really got a hold on me , a very good ballad , this song is another reason that you should buy this cd , i like the piano of the song ad also the lyrics , it's great , 10.
2872;9;Still fun to listen to after all of these years.
2872;10;Love the album, great conditions, highly recommend!
2875;1;My only critisism is that I would have enjoyed seeing more interviews
2875;2;The recognition between Ringo and Paul on "For You Blue" when in unison they acknowledge the "twelve bar blues" that George had sung on the original is delightful to see that the two remaining Beatles still enjoy performing together.
2875;3;The concert, which took place on the first anniversary of the ex-Beatle's death, unites on stage a vast group of some of the most talented musicians alive, all of them good mates of George's.
2875;4;It's wonderful seeing all these stars perform George's music.
2875;5;Unlike many recent concert DVD's,  the camera work here focuses on the musicians at hand and the concerts many highs are beautifully presented as a result.
2875;6;This light-hearted and irreverent segment reminded us of George's exuberant sense of humour and served to lift the mood, when it would have been all too easy to sink into maudlin sentimentality...The third part, billed as "George's Band" gets the most play in my house.
2875;7;There is also a double CD of this concert which is nice to have whilst driving the car , but you get so much more with the DVD.
2875;8;It was a beautiful and moving tribute by people who clearly felt deep emotions but chose to express them in music.
2875;9;Python backstage is also great fun and the rehearsals very entertaining.
2875;10;He was a simple man, who loved melodies, valued his privacy over his celebrity and always lent a helping hand to those less fortunate.
2874;1;"Lick And A Promise"  shows, more than any of their other songs, their debt to fun swinging 50s rock.
2874;2;I really like songs about screwin' the best, but this one ain't bad...HOME TONIGHT: Is one of the better ballads of A-smith.
2874;3;The pervious year(1975) Aerosmith realesed another really good album, "Toys In The Attic", containing such classics as, "Walk This Way", and "Sweet Emotion", but Rocks has got too be in least 5 times better than that album.
2874;4;Yes, "Back in the Saddle" and "Last Child" are definitive Aerosmith anthems but the swaggering "Rats in the Cellar", apocalyptic "Nobody's Fault" and in-your-face workout "A Lick and a Promise" are as equally effective.
2874;5;Amazing solo, chorus, guitar riff, amazing song...Rats In The Cellar- If you've ever heard The Scorpions, "Rats In The Cellar" might sound distinctly like them, as Aerosmith sheds their Blues roots and instead focuses on a metallic hard rock song, featuring hard-edged riffs, destructive vocals, and even a harmonica(?)
2874;6;Never mind that I cranked this album every day when I got home from high school, check it out for yourself!
2874;7;For new fans of the band looking to get into Aerosmiths 70s back catalog you will not go wrong with buying this album especially for around $10 to $12 it will be money well spent...Rocks is one of those albums you will put in your car CD player and end up playing the full album over and over because the music is so good.
2874;8;A perfect closer, the mournful piano riff adds depth to the somber feel of the lovelorn lyrics...This could very well be Aerosmith's best album.
2874;9;"Lick And A Promise"  shows, more than any of their other songs, their debt to fun swinging 50s rock.
2874;10;If you liked, "Toys In The Attic", you'll probably love, "Rocks", even more.
2822;1;It has the same mellow, contemporary, production values that "West" has coupled with the rootsy storytelling of "Car Wheels"...a pretty good combination if you ask me and a great framework for her new songs...this really sounds like a new beginning...roll on Lucinda!
2822;2;The band is fantastic not one bad note or arraignment simply stunning.
2822;3;It has the same mellow, contemporary, production values that "West" has coupled with the rootsy storytelling of "Car Wheels"...a pretty good combination if you ask me and a great framework for her new songs...this really sounds like a new beginning...roll on Lucinda!
2822;4;I'm a fan for life.
2822;5;I'm a fan for life.
2822;6;My favorite album by Lucinda since "Car Wheels..."  A great collection of well-written songs, in constant rotation in my home.
2822;7;It has the same mellow, contemporary, production values that "West" has coupled with the rootsy storytelling of "Car Wheels"...a pretty good combination if you ask me and a great framework for her new songs...this really sounds like a new beginning...roll on Lucinda!
2822;8;The lyrics let you know she's seen a lot in life, not all of it good, but she's got the strength to sing out and let you know she'll survive.
2822;9;It's actually fun to listen to for a change.
2822;10;She seems to be a sweet lady, and very approachable, kind and humble.....I really love Ms. Lucinda Williams!!!!!
2823;1;Very good addition to my collection....Been waiting a greatest hits that I would be happy with ....here it is.
2823;2;I thought the price was reasonably and it arrived pretty fast!!
2823;3;They are a great group and the CD is loaded with good songs!!!
2823;4;I thought the price was reasonably and it arrived pretty fast!!
2823;5;I thought the price was reasonably and it arrived pretty fast!!
2823;6;I thought the price was reasonably and it arrived pretty fast!!
2823;7;I thought the price was reasonably and it arrived pretty fast!!
2823;8;I thought the price was reasonably and it arrived pretty fast!!
2823;9;Great old tunes, lots of fun
2823;10;I love listening to it.
2820;1;If you like good music, then you'll enjoy this album for a very very long time.
2820;2;Pain of the heart also pervades "Spirit on the Water," "Someday Baby," "Beyond the Horizon," and "Nettie Moore."
2820;3;Backed by a class act, second maybe only to 'The Band' in the seventies, he tears through a collection that matches with the best in class...If the younger buckaroos are producing music half as good as this, forty years on, I will consider myself to be damn lucky...As for the album, many many words have been spent in reviewing Modern Times (the best that I have read was on Uncut, a British magazine).
2820;4;The string work within this track is also exceptional ..."The Levee's Gonna Break" sports a nice bluesy arrangement, again characteristic of Dylan.
2820;5;Backed by a class act, second maybe only to 'The Band' in the seventies, he tears through a collection that matches with the best in class...If the younger buckaroos are producing music half as good as this, forty years on, I will consider myself to be damn lucky...As for the album, many many words have been spent in reviewing Modern Times (the best that I have read was on Uncut, a British magazine).
2820;6;But behind the modern sound (ignore the pun) is a country lyric, a country essence...As for Dylan himself...he sums up this album, its predecessors and successors, in the final track, with a simple, eloquent line: "I'm burnin, still yearnin', walkin' 'til I'm clean out of sight."
2820;7;I have it in my car and listen to it all the time.
2820;8;When you combine a genius lyric writer like Dylan and great musicians, you come up with great songs...Depending on my mood, I think Blonde on Blonde or Highway 61 Revisited is the greatest album by Dylan but at times, such as days which don't get above 12 degrees outside, I almost prefer his newer records...That is a sign of a great artist, that he can to produce great material.
2820;9;It is humorous, dark, light, fun, frightening, but so committed to the reality that is life.
2820;10;The slyly romantic Dylan tips his cowboy hat, once more, the power of love with "Beyond The Horizon".
2821;1;Fun album, couple of good songs.
2821;2;To me it covers every range of emotions, from sad, happy and dance.
2821;3;the fans she gets i think that good for me.
2821;4;Sia, has such an amazing voice and she always puts her heart into every note.
2821;5;Thank You Sia, if you ever read any of these.
2821;6;I was driving home from work one late night with this album on blast in my car and I was just listening intently and I felt so moved by how extraordinary she sounded, both technically and emotionally.
2821;7;I was driving home from work one late night with this album on blast in my car and I was just listening intently and I felt so moved by how extraordinary she sounded, both technically and emotionally.
2821;8;To me it covers every range of emotions, from sad, happy and dance.
2821;9;Fun album, couple of good songs.
2821;10;Love this album, but I have to admit ti took a couple of listen to , to really appreciate this singer.
2818;1;AND in the US you get two fantastic bonus tracks... Boy (Great song) and Butterfly (OMG this is SUCH a good song... it was one of my favorite tracks off Light Years).
2818;2;Also, this is a very well produced pop album along the lines of Rihanna's Good Girl Gone Bad, and Madonna's Confessions on  A Dancefloor.
2818;3;Also, this is a very well produced pop album along the lines of Rihanna's Good Girl Gone Bad, and Madonna's Confessions on  A Dancefloor.
2818;4;The first single, "Can't get you out of my head", is a complete winner.
2818;5;'Fever' works much in the same way as 'Years', yet it focuses more on peppy melodies and experiments further with disco-fied techno.
2818;6;And the songs themselves are the perfect backdrop for your next house party, an evening of passionate romance, or working out.
2818;7;Then there is Jamiroquai's A FUNK ODYSSEY:  a absolute fantastic trip into the retro world of Disco.
2818;8;Also, this is a very well produced pop album along the lines of Rihanna's Good Girl Gone Bad, and Madonna's Confessions on  A Dancefloor.
2818;9;It's really party material, and is fun to dance to.
2818;10;She's like how Britney Spears was a couple of years ago
2819;1;This is feel-good music, to enjoy whether you are alone or with someone.
2819;2;His voice is like no other and it's pure joy, pain, and laughter all bunched into one.
2819;3;It is a good example of his voice, and the range.
2819;4;No one can belt out a love song with such passion and soul as Mr. Green.
2819;5;No one can belt out a love song with such passion and soul as Mr. Green.
2819;6;Lovely mood making music  Dance around the house  This is probably my 3rd or 4th copy.
2819;7;It's a wonderful introduction to Al Green's blistering, funk driven soul.
2819;8;If you like real soul music and an entertainer who is real with his emotions and not some fake show man, buy this CD.
2819;9;Al, thanks for giving us the most wonderful song for my husband and I to dance for the first time as man and wife at our wedding...LET'S STAY TOGETHER.
2819;10;No one can belt out a love song with such passion and soul as Mr. Green.
2816;1;All the rest of the tracks are good, too.
2816;2;Sad, quiet choruses, acoustic/clean electric guitars...the whole song is quiet for the most part, until the bridge, where heavier riffs come in to back a powerful and climatic solo.
2816;3;All the rest of the tracks are good, too.
2816;4;Schaffer sports a beautiful rhythm guitar melody, while Barlow belts out vocals Justin Timberlake and Usher wish they had.
2816;5;The highlights of this album are the first three tracks, as well as the final three, which are known as the "Something Wicked Trilogy."
2816;6;BLESSED ARE YOU--This is a song dedicated to all the millions of fans of Iced Earth out there
2816;7;I'll let you borrow my car!
2816;8;The lyrics are awesome and they will touch your heart...Enjoy
2816;9;The vocals of Matt Barlow are half the fun of listening to it, as he sounds absolutely possessed in many of the songs.
2816;10;I love the opening riffs of Burning Times and it just gets better after that...This cd rocks!!
2817;1;I very much like his 80's, 90's & early 2000's music and this is as good as anything he has released over that time period...Highly recommended to fans new and old, enjoy & God bless :-)
2817;2;"Boss of Me" is another strong track with the music sounding like it should play in a detective movie and Bowie's vocals haunting, "You look at me & you weep for the free blue sky, I look to the stars as they flicker & float in your eyes."
2817;3;Each time I play it through I grow more and more fond of this work,  it's really good.
2817;4;It is one of the best albums I have heard in a very very long time.
2817;5;One more ironic thing: The lyrics on the inside sleeve require a magnifying glass to read them!
2817;6;It is one of the best albums I have heard in a very very long time.
2817;7;The latter also contains a nice interweaving of guitar work...Innovative, if not slightly dark, songs like, 'You Feel So Lonely You Could Die' and 'The Stars (Are Out Tonight)' carry the listener on a fast-forward trip of emotion with both lyrics and instrumentals - a pleasant feeling of cerebral wanderlust.
2817;8;The latter also contains a nice interweaving of guitar work...Innovative, if not slightly dark, songs like, 'You Feel So Lonely You Could Die' and 'The Stars (Are Out Tonight)' carry the listener on a fast-forward trip of emotion with both lyrics and instrumentals - a pleasant feeling of cerebral wanderlust.
2817;9;The album flew by, as time seems to when having fun and wow, this is an excellent sounding CD that rocks from the opening notes right through to the end.
2817;10;A couple of years ago I was working with a local DJ who absolutely loves Bowie, a real fan.
2830;1;All the emotion and passion for life were put into this album.
2830;2;with absolute classics such  as the sad and beautiful box of rain, the classic musical experience,  friend of the devil, the playful sugar magnolia, the amzing and serene,  ripple and the classic radio hit single, truckin, this album cannot be  missed, being the best studio album th dead ever released.
2830;3;If you are a neophyte looking for a place to start, this is as good of a place as any.
2830;4;and coming around again with american beauty in october.
2830;5;If one looks closely at the etched glass of the cover art, you can read it both as "American Beauty" or "American Reality."
2830;6;Its a great song about a traveller returning home from a road of hardships.
2830;7;It also contains one of the most famous lines that Hunter ever wrote that has become the slogan for the Dead, "what a long strange trip its been......."
2830;8;with absolute classics such  as the sad and beautiful box of rain, the classic musical experience,  friend of the devil, the playful sugar magnolia, the amzing and serene,  ripple and the classic radio hit single, truckin, this album cannot be  missed, being the best studio album th dead ever released.
2830;9;This up-tempo number is the most fun, uninhibited song on the album.
2830;10;"Fare you well, fare you well, I love you more than  words can tell."
2831;1;Good album, happy with purchase
2831;2;The price should be no more than $10 to $14 dollars but it is well worth it.
2831;3;Adams Apple is pretty good as well, kind of a biblical song much better than Aerosmiths St. John song which came years later off the Permanent Vacation album...Walk this Way is an Aerosmith classic not a lot else needs to be said, one of the best songs on the album.
2831;4;Aerosmith is to rock and roll what Ferrari is to sports cars.
2831;5;The price should be no more than $10 to $14 dollars but it is well worth it.
2831;6;The surround mix of Sweet Emotion is just awesome, and Walk This Way now comes alive in a way that shakes the whole house and puts you right in the middle of the song.
2831;7;Aerosmith is to rock and roll what Ferrari is to sports cars.
2831;8;I love the lyrics and structure everything about it.
2831;9;Great rockin' tracks-Toys in the attic, Adam's Apple-Great HEAVY tracks-Round and Round, the classic Sweet Emotion-Great fun tracks-Walk this way, Big ten Inch, No more No more....On top of that the very-inspired ballad You see me crying which has nothing to envy to their latests soporiphic mtv ballads.
2831;10;I love the lyrics and structure everything about it.
2828;1;All the songs are either good, great, or excellent.
2828;2;All the songs are either good, great, or excellent.
2828;3;All the songs are either good, great, or excellent.
2828;4;All the songs are either good, great, or excellent.
2828;5;All the songs are either good, great, or excellent.
2828;6;Hi, I would recommend this CD to anyone who is in the range of the 70-80's and loves music where the words can be understood and clean.
2828;7;This is one CD you'll want to take to the beach - or on a long road trip - songs that never get old, and amazing hits that ROCK...Guys, I hope you do a TOUR with this one - and ESPECIALLY play in Boca!
2828;8;The lyrics expressed in many of the songs expressed all of the emotions I was feeling during that time.
2828;9;All the songs are either good, great, or excellent.
2828;10;I love Foreigner and love this cd.
2829;1;The songs on this CD really tug on the old heartstrings and bring back good memories.
2829;2;The songs on this CD really tug on the old heartstrings and bring back good memories.
2829;3;The songs on this CD really tug on the old heartstrings and bring back good memories.
2829;4;The songs on this CD really tug on the old heartstrings and bring back good memories.
2829;5;Do yourself a favor and read the lyrics as you listen along, though, and  you will discover what sweet, loving, and compassionate human beings these  two erstwhile escapees from the deep poverty of the rural South really are.
2829;6;Great artists on CD at a great price since it includes a CD for home plus a MP3 version for my.
2829;7;The songs on this CD really tug on the old heartstrings and bring back good memories.
2829;8;Do yourself a favor and read the lyrics as you listen along, though, and  you will discover what sweet, loving, and compassionate human beings these  two erstwhile escapees from the deep poverty of the rural South really are.
2829;9;Listened to their music at a lot of parties back then.
2829;10;Very good product, loved it.
2826;1;I've enjoyed Rattle That Lock and am happy to hear he's planning to release another album.
2826;2;Simply stunning from the first song to the last with not one bad song in the bunch.
2826;3;The surround mix is as good as it gets, too.
2826;4;All in all, the deluxe set is nicely packaged and I thought worth the extra money!
2826;5;All in all, the deluxe set is nicely packaged and I thought worth the extra money!
2826;6;David Gilmour has easily eclipsed the solo output of Roger Waters and it is not even close...VINYL UPDATE: sounds fantastic as expected, clean, 180g, incredible dynamic range.
2826;7;And then the solid rocker title track begins, and we're off on a trip.
2826;8;It's got great production, space, emotion, and the songs have interesting developments and don't overstay their welcome like they did for me with "On An Island."
2826;9;I would be lying if I said I made it through this one with dry eyes..."Dancing Right in Front of Me" and "In Any Tongue" continue the journey into the darker valleys explored in "Faces of Stone", while "Beauty", the album's second instrumental track, effortlessly lives up to its name.
2826;10;Love the jazz sound on a couple of the tracks.
2827;1;Yet, this is a very good compilation for the newcomer to their music or someone who'd enjoy a "one-stop-shop" for the Rolling Stones: if such a thing is possible, this is it.
2827;2;From the heart-felt "Angie" to the visceral "Only Rock 'n Roll (But I Like It), the bad boys of rock have brought it together in one fantastic collection.
2827;3;Good vocals and good musicianship makes for a good combination.
2827;4;Gimme Shelter rocks, Start Me Up dominates most other sports anthems, and Tumbling Dice is one of the greatest songs of anyone's time...At a maximum of 5 stars.........Disc One:.
2827;5;The Second disc focuses on the decadent 70s and beyond, and culls the cream and continues the great groove.
2827;6;The disks were clean and played very well and that's all that matters.
2827;7;I originally bought this for my mom because she is a huge Rolling Stones fan and she saw them live in her youth...however, after listening to it on the drive to her house (which was 8 hours), I ultimately decided to abscond with it and buy her another one for her office...I might not have mentioned that I bought the original and kept it.
2827;8;Keith is master of the groove and hook, meanwhile Jagger's lyrics are probably some of the best I've ever heard.
2827;9;That they could then jump to the party strut of "Brown Sugar," the dance groove of "Miss You," the pure joy of "Happy" is awe-inspiring.
2827;10;The best new track is the energetic song Don't Stop and the romantic Keys to your love.
2824;1;It has a good beat and is fun to listen to.
2824;2;The White Stripes, are a band worth the listen, if your just discovering them or a long time fan, not a bad record ever came from them.
2824;3;It's not a completely perfect album--"Ball and a Biscuit" sometimes seems pretentiously long--but it's better than almost anything out there today, and as good as one has any right to expect.
2824;4;It reminded me of so many classic rock bands that I have enjoyed in the past.
2824;5;I'd heard `Seven nation army' and read tonnes of fantastic reviews and this made me curious...Recorded with just old `real' instruments, no computers or synths, the result is amazing...The stomping `Seven nation army' is brilliant.
2824;6;great songs include the air near my fingers, there's no home for you here and in the cold cold night with it's jazzy female vocals
2824;7;"You've Got Her In Your Pocket" (5/5): A jazzy bass driven tune.
2824;8;smart lyrics and loud music, what else do you need?
2824;9;This material is fresh and brings the fun back to modern rock.
2824;10;I think these guys deserves more recognition, these guys are really loved in Europe (i could saw that while living in London).
2825;1;You need a damn good bass and amazing sound clarity to enjoy this CD.
2825;2;"Mezzanine" is another classic album by the legendary group Massive Attack, and I would even argue that it's better (there aren't any bad songs and the best songs here are simply extraordinary)!
2825;3;It really calms you down, relaxes you, it's delicious.
2825;4;This is a very good album...just really interesting and exceptional musically...If you're at all interested in this kind of music, you cannot go wrong with Mezzanine...EDIT: I've actually been listening to this album more over the last 24 hours and am now of the opinion that it's more masterful than I originally thought.
2825;5;"Mezzanine" reads like a list of solid songs with occasional examples of exceptional talent.
2825;6;"Superpredators" is a grinding, loud, and striking bonus track to the album (in Japan only), but became a popularly sought after track thanks to The Jackal...In the end, Mezzanine continues to have staying power in pop culture, and hopefully in home music collections as well.
2825;7;This album will be especially enjoyable for somebody with a good sound setup (be it high quality earphones or, preferably, a nice car stereo) because some of its bass lines are truly praiseworthy...As others have alluded to, or stated, this is the kind of CD that holds a constant spot near the top of one's music collection.
2825;8;The beat is twisted and primal at time, mixing perfectly with the lyrics, "Toy-like people make me boy-like."
2825;9;This is just the perfect music to relax and reflect about life...Its either great in a party!!!!
2825;10;This was a gift to my girlfriend, she simply loves it, can't be more satisfied!
2839;1;After the last two albums full of standard pop and dance, with some good exceptions of course, I must say that I'm very happy with this new release.
2839;2;True blue (1986): Honest and ambitious ****.
2839;3;It's also a great commentary on the age of the internet and how what we put out there has consequences, good and bad...Iconic - 3/5.
2839;4;REBEL HEART comes as a bold re-affirmation of M's supremacy in a genre she created and perfected, being her most fascinating and entertaining set of songs since 2005...From the triumphant opener "Living for love", a thumping '90s throwback with classic M traits such as religious references and a gospel choir, all the way to the epic, confessional/biographic title-track closer, the tone veers between heartbreak ballads and hard-edged bangers.
2839;5;she sounds great in this album, but like all previous madonna works, and despite being a "track artist" (that's what she's called during the 80's, i read) her albums should be taken from a perspective as a whole body of work.
2839;6;Living for Love kicks things off with a glorious house track that sounds like an evolution of her Erotica days, reminiscent of that albums Deeper and Deeper.
2839;7;The arc of Madonna's journey on this album underscores a career-long journey of new creative paths, new co-writers, new co-producers, taking "a road less travelled" as she sings on the title track.
2839;8;Best of all, is the soaring "Hold tight", combining uplifting shamanic drumming sounds with optimistic lyrics about unity and love ("Hold tight, everything's gonna be alright")...But it is the midtempo and slower tracks that are the album's showstealers.
2839;9;Its a ridiculously fun party song, with the coolest bass-drop Diplo has produced in years, with Nicki Minaj predictably spitting hilariously hard-hitting nonsense on her verse and if it can be cleaned up at all its destined for single-status...Hold Tight is a lovely song, and Joan of Arc is probably Madonnas most vulnerable ballad in years, a chink in the armor of the Queen that is surprisingly humanizing for a performer who seems bent on displaying nothing but invulnerability.
2839;10;And as usual it has an awful lot to say...  "Living For Love" starts out the album with a disco-dance number that builds from melody into a frenzied,romantic sense of intensity.
2838;1;Love some good country music
2838;2;Love some good country music
2838;3;Love some good country music
2838;4;Love some good country music
2838;5;Love some good country music
2838;6;Wagon Wheel is a great sing-a-long song either in the car or at home.
2838;7;There is no better driving music than a CD player full of Darius Rucker on a long road trip.
2838;8;His voice is truly amazing, and I just love his lyrics, and overall sound.
2838;9;It is fun to listen to his songs.
2838;10;Love some good country music
2837;1;The beat is on point with Jigga's subject matter of a lost love due to him becoming sucessful and making money, and the chorus is very good as well.
2837;2;.5) Jigga That Nigga- 5/5- Great beat and lyrics...6) U Don't Know- 5/5- Totally gangsta...7) Hola Hovito- 3/5- Pretty good beat...8) Heart Of The City- 5/5- Awesome lyrics...9) Never Change- 4/5- Good lyrics...10) Song Cry- 5/5- Sad but good...11) All I Need- 3/5- Not bad...12) Renegade- 5/5- Great.
2837;3;.5) Jigga That Nigga- 5/5- Great beat and lyrics...6) U Don't Know- 5/5- Totally gangsta...7) Hola Hovito- 3/5- Pretty good beat...8) Heart Of The City- 5/5- Awesome lyrics...9) Never Change- 4/5- Good lyrics...10) Song Cry- 5/5- Sad but good...11) All I Need- 3/5- Not bad...12) Renegade- 5/5- Great.
2837;4;Has a smooth, but hardcore beat, and Jigga's flow is as smooth as butter.
2837;5;Reading the reviews on this CD, it's amazing how many hater's there are in the world.
2837;6;Still, that beat... "They say that we are prone to violence, but it's home sweet home.
2837;7;So what he mentiones the "iced out watches" and the fast cars, his rhymes are clearly spoken and he tells a story.
2837;8;.5) Jigga That Nigga- 5/5- Great beat and lyrics...6) U Don't Know- 5/5- Totally gangsta...7) Hola Hovito- 3/5- Pretty good beat...8) Heart Of The City- 5/5- Awesome lyrics...9) Never Change- 4/5- Good lyrics...10) Song Cry- 5/5- Sad but good...11) All I Need- 3/5- Not bad...12) Renegade- 5/5- Great.
2837;9;His hilarious references and punchlines are pure and easy-flowing, and always clever when he's having fun.
2837;10;The beat is on point with Jigga's subject matter of a lost love due to him becoming sucessful and making money, and the chorus is very good as well.
2836;1;The CD came as expected, in good condition and I enjoyed the music very much.
2836;2;Yet, it is a fresh sound for Streisand and she rises to the occasion.
2836;3;If you can get past the obvious Johnson jokes, it is actually a good song and their voices (rough and sweet) mix wonderfully.
2836;4;You'll be dancing the "swim" to this one.
2836;5;For those of you who would buy anything by Barbra, please forgive her for the sake of neophytes like me that are just discovering how incredibly well she sings...A song by Barbra generally focuses on the vocals.
2836;6;You have to give this  artist credit for singing with the BEST there is,including herself(On Less Bell To  Answer/A House Is Not A Home)The new single,"I won't be the one to Let Go," with Barry Manilow,is a wonderfull record,about 2 lovers growing old together,and STAYING together.
2836;7;I love playing it while driving!
2836;8;Yet, it is a fresh sound for Streisand and she rises to the occasion.
2836;9;Some will make fun of the fact that Streisand duets with herself, but I suggest listening first - it's an instant classic and I am glad it's getting the exposure on this DUETS album.
2836;10;I love Barbra Streisand and I love the Duets CD!
2835;1;I can't wait to hear her in 4 or 5 years...I particularly enjoyed 'Think of Me' (from Andrew Loyd Webbers Phantom of the opera - one of my favorite musicals), 'Ava Maria' (definitely a classic), 'The Rains of Castamere' (I'm told this is from the TV show 'Games of Thrones' - I've never seen it but it does sound somewhat intriguing) and 'Made to Dream' but all the songs are very good - not a bad one on the CD!!!
2835;2;I can't wait to hear her in 4 or 5 years...I particularly enjoyed 'Think of Me' (from Andrew Loyd Webbers Phantom of the opera - one of my favorite musicals), 'Ava Maria' (definitely a classic), 'The Rains of Castamere' (I'm told this is from the TV show 'Games of Thrones' - I've never seen it but it does sound somewhat intriguing) and 'Made to Dream' but all the songs are very good - not a bad one on the CD!!!
2835;3;I can't wait to hear her in 4 or 5 years...I particularly enjoyed 'Think of Me' (from Andrew Loyd Webbers Phantom of the opera - one of my favorite musicals), 'Ava Maria' (definitely a classic), 'The Rains of Castamere' (I'm told this is from the TV show 'Games of Thrones' - I've never seen it but it does sound somewhat intriguing) and 'Made to Dream' but all the songs are very good - not a bad one on the CD!!!
2835;4;So many of the failings and traps that could sideline this progress have been painstakingly identified and Jackie herself is such a strong and sensible character that it is likely we will continue to see what we have all been witness to so far - a steady march to ever greater achievements and successes...And so we have this new CD, the title of which says it all.
2835;5;So many of the failings and traps that could sideline this progress have been painstakingly identified and Jackie herself is such a strong and sensible character that it is likely we will continue to see what we have all been witness to so far - a steady march to ever greater achievements and successes...And so we have this new CD, the title of which says it all.
2835;6;What a surprise when on "Think of Me" @ 3:41 she shows off a little slow coloratura and then suddenly at 3:51 lets out the most joyful pure clean high note of celebration ever!
2835;7;Lay back, put on your headphones, and close your eyes - let Jackie take you on a relaxing trip of beautiful music!
2835;8;As she experiences life's emotions, this to will most likely be reflected in her singing.
2835;9;This is Jackie's real coming-out party.
2835;10;I have loved her singing since I first saw her on America's Got Talent.
2834;1;One could argue the benefits of vinyl over CD, and I suppose if your ears are that good, then paying extra for the vinyl will be worth it to you.
2834;2;Peter Cath was the heart and soul of Chicago with his gruffy voice, but he was part of the band and it was featured in all of their songs.
2834;3;One could argue the benefits of vinyl over CD, and I suppose if your ears are that good, then paying extra for the vinyl will be worth it to you.
2834;4;Peter Cath was the heart and soul of Chicago with his gruffy voice, but he was part of the band and it was featured in all of their songs.
2834;5;I read about what Steven Wilson did and figured it was worth a shot.
2834;6;Nice to get the MP3 for devices and the CD for the home player.
2834;7;Driven by the great Terry Kath, strong contributions from the whole band.
2834;8;And the cornball lyrics that  often weakened Chicago's work manage to stay out of the way here.
2834;9;But you can easily tell the group cared about this music and had a lot of fun making it.
2834;10;I love Chicago I think I have bought this specific album three times before it just keeps disappearing and I would do it again, they are great!
2833;1;Step Back shows Johnny Winter, the bluesman happy and in good formperforming with a host of his friends.
2833;2;As sad as it seemed his life was, he was clearly happy in his music.
2833;3;The last concert I saw was about 2 years ago in Petaluma and you were so good.
2833;4;The last concert I saw was about 2 years ago in Petaluma and you were so good.
2833;5;The last concert I saw was about 2 years ago in Petaluma and you were so good.
2833;6;Johnny sounds good on vocals and guitar and his guest musicians, which include Joe Perry, Billy Gibbons, and many more, truly hit a home run.
2833;7;The last concert I saw was about 2 years ago in Petaluma and you were so good.
2833;8;As sad as it seemed his life was, he was clearly happy in his music.
2833;9;Leslie West joins Mr. Winter on this fun rocker from March of '56.
2833;10;Sorry Johnny Winter passed away, he had a great career playing the music he loved
2832;1;I think Ian Anderson was already poking fun at those that would not have the foggiest idea at what he was attempting to do with this CD, and already having a big laugh in preparation for the reaction after the album was released.
2832;2;This is Tull at their most creative, with some beautiful themes interspersed throughout, all constructed in a very structured way, and yet still leaving ample space for improvisation.
2832;3;And the live recording sounds good, okay I guess.
2832;4;This is Tull at their most creative, with some beautiful themes interspersed throughout, all constructed in a very structured way, and yet still leaving ample space for improvisation.
2832;5;This is Tull at their most creative, with some beautiful themes interspersed throughout, all constructed in a very structured way, and yet still leaving ample space for improvisation.
2832;6;Sitting now in the comfort of my home, cognac in hand,I cannot help but notice how much Ian's flute playing improved in the six years between the original album and this recorded concert, perhaps a hint of things to come.
2832;7;A special bond was about to be forged...This will sound melodramatic, but I mean it: I tell you that album was made for that train trip.
2832;8;Following the success of Aqualung, Tull was given additional creative freedom, and they used that freedom to record their most ambitious and inaccessible work to date, Thick As A Brick (their next album, A Passion Play, would be even more inaccessible, being just one full album-length track, with even more ambiguous lyrics).
2832;9;I think Ian Anderson was already poking fun at those that would not have the foggiest idea at what he was attempting to do with this CD, and already having a big laugh in preparation for the reaction after the album was released.
2832;10;If you like jethro tull youn will really love this cd.
2847;1;Including songs that people would enjoy, like "Bring Me Down", "Gone", and even "Crack Music" which features vocals from The Game.
2847;2;But as far as making LPs to ride to and vibe to, I'd put this a lot closer to some hip hop masterpieces than we've seen from the hip hop world in years...A truly great hip hop album, at its best, as far as I'm concerned, should represent the full spectrum of life -- communicating joys, pains & the lighter side of life.
2847;3;Diamonds from Sierra Leone is a great song and everything else here is really good to.
2847;4;You can hate Kanye West but the truth is you need to love him because this album is bringing back the true beauty of hip-hop I mean this album is nothing short of hard work...The first point noticed about this album is the production the beats are so different and Kanye produced every track except for touch the sky which was done by just blaze.
2847;5;Stop reading reviews right now, and go out andbuy this album!
2847;6;Favorite Line: "So we cook it, cut it, measure it, bag it, sell it, the fiends cop nowadays they can't tell if that's that good sh** we ain't sure man, put the CD on your tongue yeah that's pure man".
2847;7;"Drive Slow" sounds like a wonderful rememberance of growin' up in Chicago, the city where havin' a car makes you a "big deal" (got family there, I know).
2847;8;The intensity of his lyrics and emotion are still quite prevalent, but the samples generate a more subtle, quieter background for these things.
2847;9;What I liked about the album is that every song is fun to listen to.
2847;10;You can hate Kanye West but the truth is you need to love him because this album is bringing back the true beauty of hip-hop I mean this album is nothing short of hard work...The first point noticed about this album is the production the beats are so different and Kanye produced every track except for touch the sky which was done by just blaze.
2846;1;This is a good gospel cd all tracks is very good I got this cd for my mom which she was very happy with this cd.
2846;2;Good CD I enjoy this when you have a bad day and you need some good church song to hear this is the cd to have.
2846;3;Good CD I enjoy this when you have a bad day and you need some good church song to hear this is the cd to have.
2846;4;I feel it when I listen to her sing.
2846;5;I feel it when I listen to her sing.
2846;6;I feel it when I listen to her sing.
2846;7;I heard it in a friend's car on an outing and I loved it.
2846;8;Such raw emotion she puts into it.
2846;9;You will feel inspired and encouraged to to worship, sing, dance and praise his holy name!!!!!
2846;10;I love absolutely every selection on this album.
2845;1;The lyrics on this track are mediocre and I'd actually say they do detract from the overall song, but it's still a pretty good piece with a fun beat.
2845;2;All in all, this album is NOT BAD, it's actually great.
2845;3;All in all, this album is NOT BAD, it's actually great.
2845;4;The CD is an hour long, so get ready for a good workout...All of the details are superb.
2845;5;But after reading about it and hearing Lady Gaga talk about it, now the lyrics make sense.
2845;6;This album is pure fun and most of the songs are perfect for your 20-minutes on the elliptical -- or if you want to dance like no one's looking while cleaning up your place.
2845;7;This is sure getting a lot of playing on my systems (especially the car) and it should be played LOUD !!!
2845;8;I think her witty lyrics and creativeness meshed well.
2845;9;I liked better than the previous album, Its full of dance music, Some songs are crazy and don't have meaning but it's fun.
2845;10;It tastes different, I love it, I like it, the style in the music, style in her voice and the performance of R. Kelly with her is awesome,  This album contains some different instruments and rhythms, starting with Dance and Electronic and going into R&B.
2844;1;CD "Fantastic Planet" (which is a very good CD in its own right).
2844;2;There is nothing bad to say about this album, and the good things are abundant.
2844;3;There is nothing bad to say about this album, and the good things are abundant.
2844;4;This collection of 12 songs may constitute the most rewarding and meaningfull rock album in the 21st century thus far this side of "Lateralus"..."Tribal" movements and sounds are utilized to brilliant perfection, especially on the 8 minute epic opener, "The Package", as well as the sombre dirge of "The Noose".
2844;5;This album is truly incredible and after reading the background story behind it all on Wikipedia it all came together for me.
2844;6;Thats when I realised what the album name meant "Thirteenth Step"...So I go home and I listened to it again the whole way through, and, knowing what I now knew, I wass truly moved by the album.
2844;7;Sometimes it takes me on a philosophical trip about society and the social order of it.
2844;8;In the vein of a vocalist like Mike Patton, Keenan's voice is an instrument, with the expressive (if a tad self-indulgent) lyrics adding the foam to the warm wave of sound..."Thirteenth Step" boasts production of the highest order, and a quality sound system is greatly suggested in order to experience all of the hidden nooks deep within the album.
2844;9;Making fun of goths, perhaps?
2844;10;And I like that
2843;1;It's got catchy tunes and makes people happy
2843;2;This CD is just a  simple joy to listen to--I don't ever skip a track (well, I occasionally  bypass If Things Were Perfect and The Sky Is Broken, but 16 out of 18 hits  ain't bad!)
2843;3;It will either relax your senses(this is a good one to listen to in the bathtub  after a stressfull day) or kind of gets you into a belly-dance kind of  mood.
2843;4;This album shows the growth of an artist.
2843;5;Not only that, but the man is  one of the best minds that the world has (Just read the liner notes).
2843;6;I clean to it dance around, you can do anything.
2843;7;I recommend this album to good music listeners who have tastes in all kinds of music and for those who have nothing to listen to on a long car trip.
2843;8;This CD is just a  simple joy to listen to--I don't ever skip a track (well, I occasionally  bypass If Things Were Perfect and The Sky Is Broken, but 16 out of 18 hits  ain't bad!)
2843;9;It's fun, funky, mellow,  everything in between.
2843;10;i listened to the first couple of tracks at a listening station at circuit city and loved it, but i had heard that his music was labeled "weird" and "underground".
2842;1;I was happy to see that they weren't shy about including their so-sappy-it's-good 80's hits "You Can Do Magic", "The Border" and the excellent "Right Before Your Eyes".
2842;2;America's tremendous folk-rock harmony sound has graced the airwaves for three decades.
2842;3;"Paradise" is a good musical gem about living in a place that evokes a sense of peace and optimism.
2842;4;America's tremendous folk-rock harmony sound has graced the airwaves for three decades.
2842;5;America's tremendous folk-rock harmony sound has graced the airwaves for three decades.
2842;6;America's tremendous folk-rock harmony sound has graced the airwaves for three decades.
2842;7;The music, the driving beats, the blending of three great voices bring back summer and long trips, and California of my youth.
2842;8;Their lyrics are both heartfelt as well as soulful.
2842;9;After just seeing them perform in person in Colorado....where they just shined, I really enjoyed listening to the songs and thinking about how much fun the concert was.
2842;10;She would swear she hadn't heard ANY of these songs so since I loved America and did have a couple of their lps I decided to purchase a greatest hits.
2841;1;I am awaiting my full DVD of this Christmas special, being released shortly...This is a superb CD/DVD set and I would highly recommend to those who enjoy all that is good about our traditional Christmas.
2841;2;Bocelli sings "Blue Christmas" with such passion I don't think I'll be forgetting it anytime soon and Reba McEntire's vocals enhance "Blue Christmas" all the more...There are even more songs that showcase wonderful duets.
2841;3;You want to relax with some good tunes and feel mellow, this is one to do just that!
2841;4;Saving it for Christmas eve and a holiday fire!
2841;5;Not only has Andrea Bocelli studied the flat subtleties of the American language to soften the tones of words such as "winter" instead of "weenter," which is the Italian vocal strength, but the rich orchestrations of David Foster make this a most joyful experience indeed from beginning to end...Every track is a pleasure.
2841;6;This was a christmas present for my family & it has become a part of our tradition while decorating the house.
2841;7;Saving it for Christmas eve and a holiday fire!
2841;8;White Christmas with English and Italian lyrics is wonderful.
2841;9;Just the most beautiful music combined with some fun songs with children and the Muppets.
2841;10;I love how he often switches from English to Italian and back again.
2840;1;I discovered her vocal range and her ability to relate so much  emotion in her songs is fantastic .
2840;2;Her voice is incredible and it finally shines on this recording...It is so sad that she will never record again.
2840;3;Compilation cd but very good, none the less.
2840;4;Ronstadt's ability to envelope a melody and swim in and out of her partners voice is simply beautiful.
2840;5;Therefore, this album showcases Linda's amazing musical versatility.
2840;6;However the quality of this CD is superb, Linda's vocals are clean and are up front during the entire CD.
2840;7;Therefore, this album showcases Linda's amazing musical versatility.
2840;8;Her voice is incredible and it finally shines on this recording...It is so sad that she will never record again.
2840;9;Therefore, this album showcases Linda's amazing musical versatility.
2840;10;I love the songs on it.
2912;1;I enjoy this whole album
2912;2;I love it front to back, not a bad song in the set.
2912;3;very good quality, price & delivery, well done!
2912;4;Their music appeals to the young and old.
2912;5;Their music appeals to the young and old.
2912;6;Great music with the beat that motivates me to clean the house lol
2912;7;Gold on the ceiling, money maker, lonley boy, run right back, stop stop are just some of the great songs on this studio album.i put this in my car and it basically lives in the CD player for long road trips.
2912;8;Their guitar work is excellent in their lyrics are fun as well as entertaining.
2912;9;El Camino is a fun listening experience and makes me want to tap my feet and dance just like the guy in the Lonely Boy video.
2912;10;Give us what we love.
2913;1;then there is 'happy phantom' a jangly fun song amidst a collection of introspective and angst ridden songs.
2913;2;And at the end, the entire frame was filled with her face, her amazing red hair, her sly, sweet smile, and eyes that perfect shade of blue that they say the Mediterranean reaches by midday
2913;3;It was my favorite music for the early part of 2012, when I was expecting a year of transition that never became as good as listening to this music.
2913;4;Her voice is like a lullabye.
2913;5;Her lyrics are the best i have ever read.
2913;6;Presented with extensive artwork (which, strangely enough, omits the original back cover photo of the pallic mushrooms), liner notes, and housed in a beautifully designed 8-panel gatefold digipack, everything - from the arresting cover images of Tori and her miniature piano, to the actual songs - is assembled with detail and care, honouring this classic album with one of this year's most essential reissues.
2913;7;Wonderful, emotionally driven, magical music.
2913;8;Her lyrics are sometimes metaphorical(NOTHING bad about that)but always honest and something someone can relate too.
2913;9;then there is 'happy phantom' a jangly fun song amidst a collection of introspective and angst ridden songs.
2913;10;The song leather has a switch from love to the weather that hands me my leather.
2914;1;I enjoy a good many of the tracks on this album enough to count them among my favorite Sabbath tracks ("Hole in the Sky" and "The Writ" in particular, but the others are also great).
2914;2;I especially dig the acoustic, Grateful Deadish acoustic ending to Symptom of the Universe, surprisingly fitting, it shows the band is at it's creative peak and aren't afraid to take a few chances...it's a very genuine musical moment...My only negative comment about this record is how Iommi's guitar was recorded, or how he chose to make it sound.
2914;3;I enjoy a good many of the tracks on this album enough to count them among my favorite Sabbath tracks ("Hole in the Sky" and "The Writ" in particular, but the others are also great).
2914;4;"The Thrill of it All" starts the second half and is a great rocking warmup for what the rest of the album would bring.
2914;5;Ozzy's loud delivery and dual vocals during the chorus are among the highlights, and the outro is unforgettable packed with yells, shrieks, increased volume, and a focus on the group's playing.
2914;6;Just when you think this roller-coaster is over, it morphs into a delicious ballad, giving both Osbourne and Iommi a chance to shine in an unfamiliar light...The start of the fourth song is the point in the album which managed to knock me clean off my feet, and into a great glass elevator (or whatever else allows you to feel as though you are chosen to look in from the outside).
2914;7;SABOTAGE is the last fantastic SABBATH album with OZZY on the vocals...The 2 first songs are some of the heaviest songs in the SABBATH catalogue...MEGALOMANIA is a insane trip through madness...After SABOTAGE, things change a lot but the first 6 BLACK SABBATH albuns with the great OZZY are heavy metal gems with many heavy songs!
2914;8;Full of power and energy with deep lyrics and a band at it's full power.
2914;9;"The Thrill of it All" starts the second half and is a great rocking warmup for what the rest of the album would bring.
2914;10;They have a couple epics on here, which I also loved.
2915;1;I know not many people are fan of 20 minutes songs but this is a masterpiece and a fantastic song.
2915;2;All the songs are tight, well done and there isn't really a bad moment on the album.
2915;3;Great price.This was Rush at their absolute finest.Holy cow its good.
2915;4;If you like the albums Fly By Night (1975), Caress Of Steel (1975), 2112 (1976) and A Farewell To Kings (1977), I know you'll like this album as well.
2915;5;The lyrics are so deep, that the more one studies, the more intrigued one becomes.
2915;6;If you like the albums Fly By Night (1975), Caress Of Steel (1975), 2112 (1976) and A Farewell To Kings (1977), I know you'll like this album as well.
2915;7;I love HEMISPHERES... CYGNUS is like a travel through a distant time, circumstances is a quick rocker...THE TREES is beautiful and makes the mood for the best instrumental track  of all time, the huge classic LA VILLA STRANGIATO!!!!!!
2915;8;The lyrics are epic, science-fiction, and fantasy in nature.
2915;9;But hey, it's prog rock, and they were having fun...5+ stars
2915;10;It's all great stuff...Overall, this is one great album that has gotten considerable playback on my CD player over the last couple of decades.
2916;1;You can tell that these guys were really having fun and enjoying their creative work.
2916;2;Excellent work right there, and too bad it remains one of Rush's most unsung works.
2916;3;Alex Lifeson does some really good acoustic work on this one.
2916;4;I think that of all the bands in the progressive hard rock/heavy metal genre (e.g. Kansas, Styx), Rush had the finest musicians.
2916;5;I think that of all the bands in the progressive hard rock/heavy metal genre (e.g. Kansas, Styx), Rush had the finest musicians.
2916;6;The intro is so delicate, with the glockenspiel (a rarely used percussion instrument that needs to find a home again in rock).
2916;7;CINDERELLA MAN: A really driving song with a neat tempo-change in the chorus, and a really fun instrumental section before the second chorus.
2916;8;Neal also happened to be a superb lyricist and his lyrics on Farewell to Kings are exceptional...The six tracks on the album range in length from 2'33" to the lengthy 11'05" Xanadu suite.
2916;9;CINDERELLA MAN: A really driving song with a neat tempo-change in the chorus, and a really fun instrumental section before the second chorus.
2916;10;"Cinderella Man" and "Madrigal" follow, both songs are great with Geddy writing lyrics for a change on the former and the latter a love song in disguise but beautiful.
2917;1;They're all good, but this is the one that's easiest to sing along with, so I enjoy it more.
2917;2;His Sad Mood remains a beautifully moving piece.
2917;3;If you're wanting to recapture this part of your youth, this is a very good Cooke CD to get.
2917;4;He was among the first and most successful to cross R&B over into the popular music field.
2917;5;The primary exception to my avoidance of compilations is with artists like Sam Cooke, who was basically a hit machine, singing and writing songs designed to be released as singles and making music that was less focused on producing great long-playing records.
2917;6;I'm only 28, but growing up, my dad helped me develop an interest in what is truly some of the greatest music ever made, and Sam Cooke was a frequent favorite around the house, in the car, or wherever.
2917;7;I'm only 28, but growing up, my dad helped me develop an interest in what is truly some of the greatest music ever made, and Sam Cooke was a frequent favorite around the house, in the car, or wherever.
2917;8;Sam Cooke was a very gifted singer
2917;9;As I listened to the CD by Sam Cooke it brought back such wonderful memories of growing up in a small town with a large family and seeing my sisters dancing with their boyfriends to many of these wonderful songs.
2917;10;It mostly has his popular hits in it, but there are a couple of his gospel songs.
2918;1;The bottom line is that it is an album of great sounding music, and because of this fact, the album frequently enjoys trips in my car's CD player -- a priviledge not enjoyed by any of my other Beatles albums.
2918;2;Much more like a Beatles record than "Let It Be" ever was...I'd really rather they released the "Let It Be" film though, as I've seen it and wished I had recorded it.....Those who wrote bad reviews for this kind of miss the point, but they have a right to their opinion...
2918;3;The sound quality in a few of these bootleg editions is quite good.
2918;4;It's pure pleasure, and most worthwhile.
2918;5;The latter two are not what the group was shooting for, but a fair amount of that made it onto the tapes because of their lack of desire to focus on making music.
2918;6;For openers, the tapes have been remastered and cleaned, providing excellent sound quality.
2918;7;The bottom line is that it is an album of great sounding music, and because of this fact, the album frequently enjoys trips in my car's CD player -- a priviledge not enjoyed by any of my other Beatles albums.
2918;8;Paul hits notes so high and with such emotion that it brings to mind his vocals on "Long Tall Sally" and "Oh Darling".
2918;9;Instead, you get a fun record that I'd recommend to any Beatle fan.
2918;10;If there was one track on the Spector version that I absolutely loved, it was this one.
2919;1;I purchased 6 of Eva Cassidy's CDs & am very pleased with all of them and enjoy listening to her beautiful voice on an almost daily basis!
2919;2;This CD will lift your spirits if you're feeling sad.
2919;3;You will find her again and again when you need to calm and drift into a lovely peace.
2919;4;The first time I ever heard Eva sing "Songbird",I teared up.
2919;5;From what I've read about her, I know that she was a beautiful person "inside" as well as "outside" in addition to having such a lovely voice.
2919;6;The horns bring the song home.
2919;7;She's able to draw the listener into a world in which one can indeed travel over rainbows.
2919;8;She had a wonderful voice that wraps its arms around the music and wrings every bit of emotion out of it.
2919;9;They range from fun to beautifully meloncholy, to soul-stirring.
2919;10;If you are looking for music to put on when you need some quiet time or romantic background music this is great.
2920;1;"Darlington County" is a happy, summertime song, evoking an earlier Sprinsteen.
2920;2;"No Surrender" and the very sad "Bobby Jean" bring a classic rock spirit, while remaining with the album's theme.
2920;3;Bruce Springsteen has quite a few good ones, some not so appealing INMOP, but this one is top notch from start to finish!
2920;4;"Born in the USA" is chock full of pure rock anthems, the kind with the slamming drums and squealing guitar that made them so memorable.
2920;5;Not content to stay within one genre, Bruce crossed over to jazz, studying with Duke Ellington, John Coltrane, Dave Brubeck and Count Basie.
2920;6;The response was quickly and the product came safe to my home, it was a good buy.
2920;7;Grew up in Jersey in the 60's and 70's took many a trip down the shore to see Bruce this album contains some of his best
2920;8;"No Surrender" and the very sad "Bobby Jean" bring a classic rock spirit, while remaining with the album's theme.
2920;9;"Cover Me", "Dancing in the Dark", and "Glory Days" are fun rock songs that are easy to dance to.
2920;10;The ensemble sound of the E Street Band is enormous, resulting in an arena-rock classic while they still retain that early rock and roll earthiness that they love.
2921;1;The Who is one of the greatest bands ever and anyone that appreciates good music will enjoy this...For me, the standout disc is the first one.
2921;2;From the classic rock mainstays of Baba oreilly and Behind blue eyes, to the quirky Boris the spider, My generation, Pinball wizard, Wont get foled again, Join together, Who are you....It is a very extensive and well chronicled collection of songs.
2921;3;First I would like to mention how good they remastered every song in every detail you will love the sound by all means!!!!
2921;4;This is the Ultimate Collection of the who's recordings including a whole overlook of the Who's greatest hits.
2921;5;This is the Ultimate Collection of the who's recordings including a whole overlook of the Who's greatest hits.
2921;6;Still...I got the impression very little was done to clean the tracks up.
2921;7;Just in case you misunderstand what I am driving at, let me make this perfectly clear to you:.
2921;8;Fun lyrics were sung with gusto by Roger and the boys.
2921;9;For me, each album is fun for the cuts that weren't big hits.
2921;10;First I would like to mention how good they remastered every song in every detail you will love the sound by all means!!!!
2922;1;Karen had range, tone, emotion and a sense of fun and beauty that may forever be one of a kind.
2922;2;She had given so much beauty in music, it is sad to think that she did not have an especially happy adult life...The 'Carpenters' have a sound all their own.
2922;3;Good musics with a great singer
2922;4;She had such a lovely voice.
2922;5;For those of us interested in Richard's skill as an arranger/ producer, "As Time Goes By" offers an excellent study of Richard's reconstruction ability.
2922;6;Brings back memories of singing around the house with my sisters and brothers to these tunes.
2922;7;I keep these in the car so I can listen to them.
2922;8;They also symbolize an emotion gently and tenderly unfolding like the love growing in your heart...You will most definitely love these CDs not only for the perfect set of songs but also for its 23-pages CD booklet with self-written Liner Notes by Mr. Carpenter plus the track listing with brief information of each song...A heartwarming treasure.
2922;9;You can make fun of their bubble-gum style and the way they overdub their instruments and voices, but the result is a lush production.
2922;10;Back in the late 60's, the sister and brother duo consisting of Richard and Karen Carpenter, known as The Carpenters were one of the seventies best loved groups.
2923;1;But these guys could really play, so I can overlook that...Overall I am floored at how heavy and good the guitar work is, absolutely amazing.
2923;2;Sure, I heard them on the radio through the years but it wasn't until recently, when I was gifted a "Best of" collection by Chicago that I rediscovered my earlier fascination with this incredible work of art.
2923;3;But these guys could really play, so I can overlook that...Overall I am floored at how heavy and good the guitar work is, absolutely amazing.
2923;4;I can frankly live without the guitar workouts that are Poem 58 and Free Form Guitar - but Ive always loved their fabulously funky-rock cover of the Spencer Davis/Steve Winwood classic Im A Man.
2923;5;Both Amazon and Chicago should read these guys the riot act.
2923;6;Very crisp and clean sound.
2923;7;I bought this after hearing "California Purples" on the radio while driving recently in California.
2923;8;But this first outing demonstrates the vast and varied talent that they presented time and again in their lyrics, music, and production.
2923;9;This CD, which replaces our old vinyl record (yes, a record) just floods me with a reminder how much fun we had back then.
2923;10;Did I ever love this when discovered.
2924;1;More good news is the imminent release of his 20th album at the end of April 2004.
2924;2;Some of the great 80's & 90'S tracks omitted here include.
2924;3;More good news is the imminent release of his 20th album at the end of April 2004.
2924;4;Some of the great 80's & 90'S tracks omitted here include.
2924;5;And likewise he threads his way through twenty something beautiful and memorable songs, from the early works like to later works like "Sundown", "Rainy Day People", and "If You Could Read My Mind'.
2924;6;I enjoy singing along while traveling or listening on my iPod while cleaning house.
2924;7;I enjoy singing along while traveling or listening on my iPod while cleaning house.
2924;8;Gordon's voice is superb and every song's lyric tells a story.
2924;9;Eric Clapton, Joplin, Neil Young and other quality fun music to always put a smile on my face.
2924;10;Unlike "Gord's Gold", this CD contains the original recordings of all of the best loved Gordon Lightfoot songs--the way you heard them on the radio 25 years ago.
2925;1;I think that even though they slowed down a little, they haven't changed a bit and its still got all that good emotion that we love about Incubus.
2925;2;I give this a 5 because every song is good, there are eight songs that I consider great, and not a single bad song.
2925;3;I give this a 5 because every song is good, there are eight songs that I consider great, and not a single bad song.
2925;4;This song has definitely a more hard rock feel to it, from its lyrics to Brandons screams, but it doesnt sport the great music of track one.
2925;5;The sound of this album is vastly different from the previous two as their focus moved from metal to melody.
2925;6;This features some of the best music (next to Nowhere Fast and Clean) on the disc, and the sci-fi effects rule.
2925;7;"Stellar," has  a awesome power to it as it moves further into the song, "Drive," is a great tripped out soft-funk tune with a nice beat to it.
2925;8;The Warmth-AWESOME, great lyrics, just plain powerful,  while not on the heavy side (5/5) 5.
2925;9;And a special note, Battlestar is a great song: perfect for summer or a party.
2925;10;Stellar-Very good love song, would make a good wedding song  (4.5/5) 7.
2926;1;I think that even though they slowed down a little, they haven't changed a bit and its still got all that good emotion that we love about Incubus.
2926;2;I give this a 5 because every song is good, there are eight songs that I consider great, and not a single bad song.
2926;3;I give this a 5 because every song is good, there are eight songs that I consider great, and not a single bad song.
2926;4;This song has definitely a more hard rock feel to it, from its lyrics to Brandons screams, but it doesnt sport the great music of track one.
2926;5;The sound of this album is vastly different from the previous two as their focus moved from metal to melody.
2926;6;"Clean"- Another  nice, heavy song.
2926;7;"Stellar," has  a awesome power to it as it moves further into the song, "Drive," is a great tripped out soft-funk tune with a nice beat to it.
2926;8;The lyrics  are great and uplifting, Brandon Boyd's vocals are outstanding...he has the  most melodic voice in the music industry today.
2926;9;And a special note, Battlestar is a great song: perfect for summer or a party.
2926;10;I loved that song and i went out and bought the cd, and i loved the whole album.
2927;1;Keith's cds are always good.
2927;2;I'd say this album is as true an example of what makes Urban great as the blue of his eyes on the album art.
2927;3;Keith's cds are always good.
2927;4;another great cd from Keith
2927;5;another great cd from Keith
2927;6;another great cd from Keith
2927;7;I love it I've got this album on replay in my car constantly.
2927;8;A ripping good CD with great songs and lyrics.
2927;9;It's fun pop/rock, at it's best, with every number a potential winner!
2927;10;This is my first Keith Urban CD and I absolutely loved it!
2929;1;It makes me feel good and happy.
2929;2;Additionally, "Jacob's Ladder" - a #1 single in early `87 - gets a spot here.
2929;3;As described, fairly priced, good delivery.
2929;4;Being an owner of&nbsp
2929;5;The label, for the most part, decided to focus more so on the chart hits, and it works fine for this release...I considered knocking the compilation down a star for missing two Top 25 hits, but in the end the inclusion of several key tracks (i.e. "Back In Time" and "Cruisin'") and a generous 79 minutes of music make up for what's missing.
2929;6;These guys are just plain cool - clean cut, upbeat, fun, good-looking, and their music is excellent.
2929;7;They were the 80's and love to listen to their music when I want to time travel back to the 80's.
2929;8;Great song, lyrics much tougher and the vocals much sharper than on the big, big radio hits.
2929;9;Lewis and the News is one of the best party bands ever.
2929;10;They were the 80's and love to listen to their music when I want to time travel back to the 80's.
2928;1;I enjoy all of Van's music, but it is fun to listen to the early music and notice some little changes that have happened along the way.
2928;2;At times beautiful (Sweet Thing) and sad (Madame George),  Astral Weeks is not for everyone, but it's certainly one of Van's best.
2928;3;The songs themselves are slices of life and what good observations they are too.
2928;4;I recommend this recording, as well as "Moondance".
2928;5;Anyone interested in reading about this masterpiece would do well to consult the late, great Lester Bangs's brilliant account.
2928;6;The CD is excellent to hear when you just want to hang out, drive, cleaning house, sleep, etc.
2928;7;On a recent trip to Arizona with some friends, they played this CD a few times and I really got hooked.
2928;8;The lyrics are some of his most abstract and best.
2928;9;I enjoy all of Van's music, but it is fun to listen to the early music and notice some little changes that have happened along the way.
2928;10;Preferably you'll buy more than one as you will want to share this music with someone who also loves good music.
2931;1;She is really good...this is a great album
2931;2;She's got incredible range to do that...Songs like Somethin' Bad sound modern and jammin'.
2931;3;She is really good...this is a great album
2931;4;One of her best CD's that she has put out.
2931;5;One of her best CD's that she has put out.
2931;6;Just like Revolution, she hits it home again.
2931;7;Some songs work good for a Friday night party drive on the town, some are good for slow Sunday evenings.
2931;8;A wide range of emotions, styles, attitudes, stories, sounds are explored on this record.
2931;9;Her songs are real, they are fun, and they heartfelt depending on which one you choose!!
2931;10;Any Miranda fan will love it!
2930;1;Nate Dog was an interesting choice and as much as people hate on this song I felt this was a good spot for this song.
2930;2;50 Cent's best album ever without a doubt!!!
2930;3;you can't say its a whole lots less... its a very good album to say the least... peace
2930;4;50 Cent's best album ever without a doubt!!!
2930;5;50 Cent's best album ever without a doubt!!!
2930;6;50 Cent's best album ever without a doubt!!!
2930;7;50 Cent's best album ever without a doubt!!!
2930;8;His lyrics touch me on so many different levels.
2930;9;The lyrics are awesome and you can dance to the phat beats.
2930;10;High All The Time- great beat and I love that he took a shot at nas and jay-z, it showed that he was here to stay 5/5.
2933;1;Seen them live several year's ago, good music, very entertaining
2933;2;Seen them live several year's ago, good music, very entertaining
2933;3;Seen them live several year's ago, good music, very entertaining
2933;4;Seen them live several year's ago, good music, very entertaining
2933;5;Seen them live several year's ago, good music, very entertaining
2933;6;Seen them live several year's ago, good music, very entertaining
2933;7;A wonderful trip back in time!!
2933;8;Real music that keeps us real: Reminds of the solidarity we need to stay lovin the folks we call humans who are hard to Love: "Long Train Runnin" reminds us without love where would you be now:In fact that's the lYric!
2933;9;Fun band to party to.
2933;10;I love the whole CD.
2932;1;And 'Good' people (bible-waving happy clappers, et al) are equally questionable.
2932;2;It is genuinely heartwarming-it points out the importance of friendship and love-but it also tells about both the good and bad of life and humanity.
2932;3;It is genuinely heartwarming-it points out the importance of friendship and love-but it also tells about both the good and bad of life and humanity.
2932;4;"Defying Gravity" is definitely a new favorite song of mine and I suspect I will still be playing the soundtrack until the sequel "Son of a Witch" gets its Broadway debut...Will you get as much out of the soundtrack if you have not seen the play?
2932;5;It is one of the best musicals I have ever seen and the only other one I liked as much as this one is "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat"...When I knew I was going the first time, I started reading the novel its based upon to be prepared for the live performance.
2932;6;If you have seen the musical or if you haven't...you will love these selections...some familiar and some not so familiar...very entertaining...one for the house and one for the car...Great choice!!!!!
2932;7;During the first half of the CD, you travel from the morbidly celebratory "No One Mourns the Wicked" to the hopeful "The Wizard and I" to the perkily humorous "Popular" to the wonderfully uplifting "Defying Gravity."
2932;8;It combines great variety including quite a bit of humor as on this lyric from "The Wizard & I," "Do you think the Wizard is dumb, or like Munchkins, just small-minded."
2932;9;The songs are all fun and touching and just really tell the story very well.
2932;10;I have loved everything about the "Wicked" soundtrack since I bought it 3 years ago!
2935;1;The many hours Annie gives to charities around the world are endless...Thank you so much Annie for a fantastic album.
2935;2;Musically, Annie has delivered one of the finest American Songbook CDs released in the last 30 years...At their most enthralling, songs from Annie's own rock and pop songbook -- like her classic "Why" from her "Diva" CD -- become haunting, capturing something lyrically blue.
2935;3;The vocals are as haunting and strong as ever as Annie engages listeners anew while reaffirming that a good sad song sung well can be healing, cathartic even.
2935;4;Really a wonderful mood piece that will get a steady workout in my house.
2935;5;Her phrasing and pitch are perfect, but more importantly, she makes me pay attention to what the songs are about.
2935;6;Really a wonderful mood piece that will get a steady workout in my house.
2935;7;It IS a nostalgic trip through well-trod territory, and its IS easy to listen to (without being "easy listening"), and it IS emotionally engaging.
2935;8;Annie has the ability to pack so much emotion and color to the lyrics she sings.
2935;9;It's a lot of fun to hear her amazing voice covering a range of classic songs.
2935;10;The jazzy, trumpet-lead intro sets the mood, and her delivery of the first couple of lines made me hear the song as if for the first time.
2934;1;Its meaningful lyrics like these that what makes this song number one on my list...Overall, Brave new world is a good release by the Maidens, I highly recommend getting it if you're a fan of metal and rock in general...I hope you enjoyed the review,.
2934;2;Steve reigns  in his bad prog-rock latter day Fates Warning tendencies and the songs  overall are strong.
2934;3;It's pretty good, there isn't a bad song on this CD and this one holds it's place.
2934;4;The music on this disc is new and fresh and all Maiden fans should get it and enjoy.
2934;5;.240+ and most that I have read are positive.
2934;6;He is back to his strong, clean and high vocal range.
2934;7;The subject matter of the songs is  varied and genuinely interesting (no album full of songs about Satan or  girls and cars for these guys!)
2934;8;I had to own them...This album is loaded with so much great emotion, lyrics, melody, riffs, and beats, it just really grabs your ears and heart and doesn't let go through to the very end.
2934;9;this is followed by the epic of the album, the nomad, which features some keyboards and has a kind of eastern rhythm, and the mighty out of the silent planet, their second single off this album, the hardest and fastest on the album and the second single, which will hopefully storm the charts and bring down dance and pop music forever.
2934;10;Steve loves to write about stuff that we think is cool, and songs like 'Brave New World' and 'The Nomad' are as adventurous as anything he's written before.
2937;1;Both Allman brothers band adecade of Hits and eat a peach is two of the best albums I love i really enjoyed the both of them a lot I am a big Allman brothers band fantastic band both albums are the greatest
2937;2;This puppy simply reminds us of the great  influence that they had on the music of the time - and still do today to  some degree.
2937;3;The Allman Brothers Band is the greatest Southern Rock band of all time and a good competitor for the title of greatest rock band.
2937;4;The Allman Brothers, one of the most dedicated bands to their  fans, have scored yet again with Decade of Hits, which sports the inspired  playing of the late Duane Allman.
2937;5;This puppy simply reminds us of the great  influence that they had on the music of the time - and still do today to  some degree.
2937;6;This puppy simply reminds us of the great  influence that they had on the music of the time - and still do today to  some degree.
2937;7;this CD was listened to on my trip around America with my Uncle last year.
2937;8;This puppy simply reminds us of the great  influence that they had on the music of the time - and still do today to  some degree.
2937;9;Just a fun bit of trivia, but it really endeared me to this group because yeah, on the outside they are a lot of grit, but inside they're pure soul and soul is something that's missing in a lot of the groups today.
2937;10;Both Allman brothers band adecade of Hits and eat a peach is two of the best albums I love i really enjoyed the both of them a lot I am a big Allman brothers band fantastic band both albums are the greatest
2936;1;Because that is what this band is about: fun, energy and  having a good time.
2936;2;That's our job, and it's a give and take sometimes, you know, you have to take the good with the bad.
2936;3;This is what KISS is all about,  a great party non-stop music...People who don't like this CD is because they don't like to have a good time and relax...I won't list all the songs (you already know them) and say that they are perfect and all that....................I'll just tell you................If you think you have a great CD collection and you don't have this one.................Grab your collection and throw it away, it's useless if you don't have this one...Highlight: Everything...Lowlight: Nothin'
2936;4;Included with the discs is a 10-page booklet with all original artwork and photos, song titles, writing credits and times.
2936;5;This IS Hard Rock with an incredibly intense sound that brings everything together like no other cd... Also study the different musical parts of each member- Ace, Gene, Paul, and Peter.
2936;6;Included with the discs is a 10-page booklet with all original artwork and photos, song titles, writing credits and times.
2936;7;No one can really understand why the world's greatest band produced How the West was One 30 years later which would have made it to the greatest live 70's album record....The seventies in retrospect was a great era for guitar bands and especially the KISS legacy, the real musical forces behind KISS - namely ace Frehley and Peter Criss who were the driving forces behind Alive.
2936;8;Any rock & roll fan can turn this up loud and feel the emotion, energy and excitment that KISS brings to a concert (anyone who has seen this band LIVE knows the feeling).
2936;9;Alive is some fun '70s rock and roll by the best party band of that period.
2936;10;I didn't understand all the banter Paul was talking---Vodka, Gin, Tequila and getting "high" during the crowd participation part of the song, but I did understand a couple of things at that tender age.....I loved that 'Catman' drummer and wanted to be just like him!
2939;1;A good, fun, country song, that any fan of the band will appreciate...Ain't No Good Life- A searing blues track, "Ain't No Good Life" is a powerful, emotional blues track.
2939;2;"What's Your Name" and "You Got That Right" are the most energetic southern boogies Skynyrd has cut since SECOND HELPING, while "That Smell" grabs the dark edginess of "Saturday Night Special."
2939;3;The rest of the album is solid southern rock as well, with the highlight being Gaines bluesy closer "Ain't No Good Life".
2939;4;"What's Your Name" and "You Got That Right" are the most energetic southern boogies Skynyrd has cut since SECOND HELPING, while "That Smell" grabs the dark edginess of "Saturday Night Special."
2939;5;"What's Your Name" and "You Got That Right" are the most energetic southern boogies Skynyrd has cut since SECOND HELPING, while "That Smell" grabs the dark edginess of "Saturday Night Special."
2939;6;"What's Your Name" and "You Got That Right" are the most energetic southern boogies Skynyrd has cut since SECOND HELPING, while "That Smell" grabs the dark edginess of "Saturday Night Special."
2939;7;"What's Your Name" and "You Got That Right" are the most energetic southern boogies Skynyrd has cut since SECOND HELPING, while "That Smell" grabs the dark edginess of "Saturday Night Special."
2939;8;Van Zant sings with lots of emotion, with a hint of foreboding, and his message is very profound.
2939;9;A good, fun, country song, that any fan of the band will appreciate...Ain't No Good Life- A searing blues track, "Ain't No Good Life" is a powerful, emotional blues track.
2939;10;Love  this Disc,got it today,listening to it now,Very Pleased with my purchase !!
2938;1;It's brilliant, it's fun, it's fantastic and it has one of the best videos I've ever seen (too bad the general public won't get to see it).
2938;2;it's humorous and sad at the same time...5.
2938;3;Another great song that talks about how Madonna wants everything in life that is amazingly good, but she does not want handed to her, for she wants to earn it, know that she worked her butt off for it.
2938;4;But here I can at least understand the rap better (very funny when you get it).
2938;5;Ever since her 1997 release&nbsp
2938;6;When I touch the ground I come full circle, and I am home."
2938;7;A great song about how a lot of people travel to Hollywood just to make it in the world of popularity.
2938;8;And as an added bonus, her most sly and subtle lyrics.
2938;9;Also, some dance and fun songs
2938;10;Give it a couple spins and let the words spill in.
2941;1;If you enjoyed 'Physical Graffiti,' 'Houses of the Holy,' and 'In Through The Out Door,' chances are you'll love this one.
2941;2;The rest is less than extraordinary, but still not bad.
2941;3;A little long and drawn out, nevertheless, Plant gives a resounding vocal performance and Page's guitar virtuousity shines through...All in all, 'Presence' measures up to be a damned good album.
2941;4;Which leads to "Nobody's Fault But Mine" which just happens to have all these qualities and more packed into a phenomenal whole-band workout.
2941;5;Greatness should be determined not by status, but by the music itself: the sound, the energy, the chemistry, and the focus put in it.
2941;6;If you enjoyed 'Physical Graffiti,' 'Houses of the Holy,' and 'In Through The Out Door,' chances are you'll love this one.
2941;7;Even more remarkable is Plant's vocal performance on the album
2941;8;Plant gives a vintage performance on the vocals, sounding out lyrics about drug taking.
2941;9;Don't get me wrong II and IV are great albums, but "presence" is more complex lyrically speaking (e.g. "for your life")and fun to listen to when you want a more funky, mellow sound.
2941;10;I've got a couple thousand titles now, from all eras and a host of different genres, but I can truly say that this is the one album that I listen to the most on a consistent basis...Take care all and happy holidays, let's hope that boys reunite and Bonzo, wherever you are you are missed, loved, and thought of often!!!
2940;1;Don't get me wrong, all of the above titles had some fun songs ("Black or White", "Money", "Just Good Friends").
2940;2;This is probably his best album to date and Michael sounds more positive and maybe happy this time around than his sad and negative 1995 opus "HIStory."
2940;3;"Damien Marley's", Road To Zion, or Welcome To Jamrock, or, Educated Fools...This album is not his best, i think "Bad" is he's best, but this is also very good, better than "Dangerous" and "Off The Wall"...Break Of Dawn is very catchy, and i now love it...Heaven Can Wait is just a fabulous song!
2940;4;Barry White eat your heart out!
2940;5;I have to say that this is the best Michael Jackson album period the focus is on melody and vocals and compliments his strengths better than any post "Thriller" album he has done!
2940;6;She listens to it and sing while she walks and clean the house.
2940;7;A sensual and sexy R&B tune with a driving base line but not too aggressive.
2940;8;Michael sure was feeling romantic during this album's production- which is good, because the man knew how to write convincing, believable lyrics that truly are the essence of human nature and emotion...Privacy - Maybe not the best arrangement to have come straight after a soft-spoken, sweet song like You Are My Life, because Privacy is perhaps the angriest song to feature the King of Pop.
2940;9;And "2000 Watts" is easily the fastest and most fun of the dance tracks here.
2940;10;Perfect for a nice romantic night with the one you love.
2943;1;The CD is also really nice and good for anyone who enjoys Stevie!
2943;2;Her fan base reaches multi-generational audiences.
2943;3;Her recollections feel so personal, relaxed, and unscripted, it's like having this amazing gal sitting next to you.
2943;4;Her fan base reaches multi-generational audiences.
2943;5;Her fan base reaches multi-generational audiences.
2943;6;The home video is a very special treat.
2943;7;I have a CD for my car, and a CD/DVD for the house.
2943;8;I particularly enjoyed the back story on her lyrics to "Edge of Seventeen"...If you're a Stevie Nicks fan, this is a must own for your collection from one of America's pioneering Rock and Roll Princesses.
2943;9;"Silver Springs" still shimmers and sparkles with melodic craftmanship and lyrical intensity, and 80's hits like "Stand Back" and "I Can't Wait" make for jubilant fun.
2943;10;A gift for my girlfriend, she loves it!
2942;1;But the balance is real good on this album, with enough electro sounds to make the synth heads happy...The track "Enjoy the Silence" is a masterpiece and probably their best track and most favorite of their fans if a vote was to be collected.
2942;2;'Blue Dress' is one of the most underrated songs on this CD, but it is one of my favorites.
2942;3;Several b sides to the singles from this album should have been included which are equally as good...But as far as Depeche Mode's catalogue goes, this is the one to have - dark electronic music at it's best...Enjoy it.
2942;4;It's easy to categorize Violator as a "dance" album, particularly since several of the songs are carried by faster beats than would be typical of Music for the Masses or Black Celebration.
2942;5;The songs on VIOLATOR pack an emotional wallop, but they feel honest and meaningful rather than overwrought
2942;6;''Clean'' is an haunting ballad with a dark sound attached to it and Dave Gahan sings it wonderfully.
2942;7;"Enjoy the Silence," is probably my favorite on the album which builds into beats that give it a driving effort till the silence breaks.
2942;8;The new DM is not bad and I always loved Martin Gore's lyrics and song writting.
2942;9;It's easy to categorize Violator as a "dance" album, particularly since several of the songs are carried by faster beats than would be typical of Music for the Masses or Black Celebration.
2942;10;I didn't get heavily into this cd (had to replace the tape) until a  couple of years ago & ahhhh, I love it.
2882;1;Good backup vocals, too..."You Took The Words Right Out Of My Mouth (Hot Summer Night)" opens with a great dialogue about a boy who wants to spend romantic time with his girlfriend--and when she accepts he's rather happy about it even if all he says is "I bet you say that to all the boys."
2882;2;The lines "Don't be sad/'Cause two out of three ain't bad" are incredibly meaningful--factual, heartless and sarcastic all at once
2882;3;From the ballads "Two out of Three Ain't Bad" to "For Crying Out Loud", this great cd packs a punch that you won't forget...I give this disc my highest recommendation.
2882;4;The tempo is just right and the melody sports a dramatic quality to it that truly makes "Bat Out Of Hell" a masterpiece.
2882;5;I had read somewheres if Phil Ruzzuto knew what "Dashboard" was about he would have never done it, I think he would have, hes probably gotten lots of residuals for doing it...whos he kidding... great album, i recommend to anyone who has an open mind and doesnt judge the songs sheerly on lyrical content, the music rocks and Meatloaf really belts out these songs with all hes got.
2882;6;Great background vocals include the voice of former Yankee shortstop Phil "Scooter" Rizzuto talking about their romantic encounter as if the young man were a baseball player trying to score a home run!
2882;7;I've owned three new cars and it's tradition for me to pick up new car, take a drive in the country, windows down blasting this CD
2882;8;The lines "Don't be sad/'Cause two out of three ain't bad" are incredibly meaningful--factual, heartless and sarcastic all at once
2882;9;"Paradise by the Dashboard Lights" could be one of the catchiest songs ever written and would fit better in an Andrew Loyd Weber opera than on a 1970's rock album 'but that is the fun of the album.'
2882;10;The young man really wants to be romantic with his girlfriend--who makes him promise her that he'll always love her.
2883;1;So happy with this purchase and enjoy his music very much.
2883;2;It's really a beautiful song guaranteed to take you back to a time you had your heart broke and make you feel Luke's pain...4.
2883;3;I really liked this CD  a lot as it had a lot of good songs!
2883;4;I really liked this CD  a lot as it had a lot of good songs!
2883;5;I really liked this CD  a lot as it had a lot of good songs!
2883;6;I really liked this CD  a lot as it had a lot of good songs!
2883;7;This has so many good songs on it and I LUV listening to it in my car and here on my computer!
2883;8;With a catchy rift and lyrics it delivers a feeling of summer loving...5.
2883;9;His songs make you want to dance.
2883;10;Got the MP3 songs immediately and I ALWAYS love that!!!
2880;1;The genuine feeling and emotion that comes through in some of the vocal performances is simply amazing and you'll marvel at the fact that popular music was ever this good and at how far it's fallen since the late 1960s and early 1970s.
2880;2;The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits has quite a bit of their very best on a single CD compilation album.
2880;3;The quality of the sound is quite good and the artwork is very nicely done as well..."Do You Believe In Magic?"
2880;4;The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits has quite a bit of their very best on a single CD compilation album.
2880;5;if anybody is reading this who has seen me busking at the shops, I thank them and appreciate their donations.
2880;6;The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits has quite a bit of their very best on a single CD compilation album.
2880;7;A wonderful album to listen to driving.
2880;8;The genuine feeling and emotion that comes through in some of the vocal performances is simply amazing and you'll marvel at the fact that popular music was ever this good and at how far it's fallen since the late 1960s and early 1970s.
2880;9;The singers are perfect for the style and the lyrics are deep and indeed very catchy (and fun to memorize and sing!)
2880;10;If you ever liked this group you will defintely love this collections of songs.
2881;1;It was fun to see the rise and fall of the 'Mumford phenomina'.
2881;2;This album is spectacular
2881;3;Remember when music made you feel good?
2881;4;The music seems to be a fusion of rock,folk,and bluegrass and has echoes of the early Strawbs album,[[ASIN:B00000B96Q From The Witchwood] I loved the light and shade of tone, the changes of rhythm and pace,and the passionate, spiritual lyrics with their encouragement to identify with what it is like to be fully human in a flawed, but God made world.
2881;5;Where "Babel" focuses more on complex and beautiful instrumentals, "Sigh No More" focuses more on the haunting harmonies this group is capable of delivering.
2881;6;The music seems to be a fusion of rock,folk,and bluegrass and has echoes of the early Strawbs album,[[ASIN:B00000B96Q From The Witchwood] I loved the light and shade of tone, the changes of rhythm and pace,and the passionate, spiritual lyrics with their encouragement to identify with what it is like to be fully human in a flawed, but God made world.
2881;7;great music for driving too.
2881;8;The music seems to be a fusion of rock,folk,and bluegrass and has echoes of the early Strawbs album,[[ASIN:B00000B96Q From The Witchwood] I loved the light and shade of tone, the changes of rhythm and pace,and the passionate, spiritual lyrics with their encouragement to identify with what it is like to be fully human in a flawed, but God made world.
2881;9;It was fun to see the rise and fall of the 'Mumford phenomina'.
2881;10;The music seems to be a fusion of rock,folk,and bluegrass and has echoes of the early Strawbs album,[[ASIN:B00000B96Q From The Witchwood] I loved the light and shade of tone, the changes of rhythm and pace,and the passionate, spiritual lyrics with their encouragement to identify with what it is like to be fully human in a flawed, but God made world.
2886;1;Crank it up and enjoy!
2886;2;Another sad omission, this time from the Steel Wheels album is the wonderful Blinded By Love, although Rock And A Hard Place was also a good choice.
2886;3;If you are looking for a good wide spread collection of the best of the stones this is not you best buy.
2886;4;As such, this is an ideal companion to a collection of their early work (in my case, the triple CD London years).
2886;5;As such, this is an ideal companion to a collection of their early work (in my case, the triple CD London years).
2886;6;As such, this is an ideal companion to a collection of their early work (in my case, the triple CD London years).
2886;7;Great Collection of the Best of the Stones, I  crank it in the car!
2886;8;But it also has its share of lesser known chart hits, including the funky "Hot Stuff", the achingly beautiful "Fool To Cry" ( Mick's true emotions finally come full circle on this one ) and "Mixed Emotions" ( featuring great harmonies on the tag ).
2886;9;As such, this is an ideal companion to a collection of their early work (in my case, the triple CD London years).
2886;10;Another sad omission, this time from the Steel Wheels album is the wonderful Blinded By Love, although Rock And A Hard Place was also a good choice.
2887;1;good music from a great band, very happy
2887;2;Tracks featuring Neil are not included here even though there are three tracks here from Dj vu, an album that featured Neil...The set opens with Stephen Stills' tribute to Judy Collins (Suite: Judy blue eyes) and ends with Daylight again, which features Art Garfunkel (a most welcome guest).
2887;3;Still, if you were going to assemble a package that would capitalize on the catalogue that all of us Woodstock-wannabe's regard as the amber moments of peace and righteous thinking, this is it...If you're not a fan, you wouldn't have bothered reading any of these reviews anyway...The strength of this release, and the eclusive reason for buying it, is how incredibly great and marvellous and clear and distinct the vocals have been remastered!
2887;4;They were astoundingly brilliant and especially in the Canadian shows singing like their visitor visas depended on it.
2887;5;Still, if you were going to assemble a package that would capitalize on the catalogue that all of us Woodstock-wannabe's regard as the amber moments of peace and righteous thinking, this is it...If you're not a fan, you wouldn't have bothered reading any of these reviews anyway...The strength of this release, and the eclusive reason for buying it, is how incredibly great and marvellous and clear and distinct the vocals have been remastered!
2887;6;Needless to say, these songs were very often cranked up around my house then and I have very fond memories of that great period.
2887;7;It belongs to my car stereo where pleasant surprises of sweet harmonies and acoustic chords.stops me from strangling the slow driver ahead of me.
2887;8;Folk rock with great lyrics, harmonies, acoustic and electric guitars.
2887;9;Full of number 1 hits and fun dance music
2887;10;Oh my, do I love this CD or what!!!
2884;1;I put this on, lean back, and the world is good and I am a happy boy!
2884;2;The song Blue Sky is worth the price all by itself.
2884;3;The clarity of these gold disks is awesome,they are so clean it make you want to replace your whole music collection,they are that good.
2884;4;Dickey Betts, tossed into the unenviable position of sole guitar player in rock's most celebrated two-guitar band, more than holds his own here, contributing top-notch picking on every track - most notably his own thunderstorm instrumental, "Les Brers in A Minor," which starts out as a grinding tribute to amplification before morphing into a Santana-esque Latin funk workout liberally spiced with impressive displays of chops all around.
2884;5;It finds a band of musicians of different sorts bringing their different styles into clear focus.
2884;6;The clarity of these gold disks is awesome,they are so clean it make you want to replace your whole music collection,they are that good.
2884;7;Very very moving ...Particularly during a long drive or flight --fire up the Mountain jam and the next 33 minutes are taken care of .
2884;8;It sweet and glorious if a sad "goodbye" from a genius who died too young...Strangely, the core of EATA PEACH is the extended "jams" or "boogies" called (of course) "Mountain Jam".
2884;9;Fun in its own way...The Allman Brothers would move on to a new phase with BROTHERS AND SISTERS the following year which marked a brand new success for the Allman "family".
2884;10;If you love the Allman Brothers for their guitar work this is the CD for you.
2885;1;I will let the professionals I enjoy give you the particulars on this album.
2885;2;2014's "Different Shades of Blue" was brilliant, another JB triumph.
2885;3;BLUES FROM THE MASTER.If you can possible get past the first song "This Train" which is MIND-BLOWINGLY good, then you will hear some really good stuff from Joe which is as usual the best in electric blues today.
2885;4;2014's "Different Shades of Blue" was brilliant, another JB triumph.
2885;5;2014's "Different Shades of Blue" was brilliant, another JB triumph.
2885;6;Well-recorded, well-balanced, and exceptionally clean and distinctive!
2885;7;Love Joe Bonamassa's playing style, great addition to home music files library and to add to audio USB music files used in the car on long trips.
2885;8;It is a very well recorded and produced album with some very good lyrics and riffs.
2885;9;2014's "Different Shades of Blue" was brilliant, another JB triumph.
2885;10;I love the quiet, laid back recurring groove of my favorite track "Drive" where Joe lulls you and then slowly builds to the crashing solo...True innovation, both the blues purist and hardcore rock enthusiast can fully appreciate.
2890;1;She also sings that she wants to shampoo, have fun, talk to,  and renew this person of her affection.
2890;2;On BLUE, Joni Mitchell shows us that she is one of the most amazingly talented, intelligent, bright rock figures making music.
2890;3;This album has become a classic and for good reason, the quality of the songs on this one album have been unsurpassed by Joni on very few since, there are no bad tracks and every one could quite easily feature on a greatest hits album.
2890;4;She simply sings that she wants to  make her mate the best they can be, and be the best person she can be for  them.
2890;5;Like Billie's, Joni's gorgeous singing on Blue was not the result of studied precision and technique, but rather evidence of a great, profoundly spiritual soul within.
2890;6;Every road song is about someone who longs both for the wind in her hair ... and the comfort of a home.
2890;7;Mitchell takes you on her journeys through the world and through her search for love and companionship, even as her artistic drive makes her a loner and a lover of the dark.
2890;8;whether she says it  directly or not, she hits emotion right on the head.
2890;9;She also sings that she wants to shampoo, have fun, talk to,  and renew this person of her affection.
2890;10;Wore out a couple of these albums back in the 70's, What an incredible album, a poet of all time... Just love her.
2891;1;another good one from mr buble....can never go wrong with his smooth delivery...I got it for my mom for xmas but I enjoyed it too!
2891;2;Michael's phrasing owes a great deal to Ole Blue Eyes on both songs that bookend this spectacular album and special credit should go to music arranger David Pierce who makes the former song swing and bounce with verve.
2891;3;nice ... Smooth ...good choice again of songs!
2891;4;another great album from the man & you will not regret buying it ... it's a wonderful album for everyone.
2891;5;This CD is full of music to cook, relax or read by or for those romantic evening.
2891;6;He makes me feel at home, I love his interpretation of the songs he does and his style.
2891;7;They are fun and great to listen while driving.
2891;8;CLOSE YOUR EYES and I GOT IT EASY  are heartfelt ballads, exceptional songs and he uses all his emotive abilities to bring out the true emotion and soul in them.
2891;9;They are fun and great to listen while driving.
2891;10;Wow, if you love great romantic music it does not get much better than this song and this voice...After All, co-written with the great Bryan Adams is one of the best and most contemporary songs Mr. Buble' has ever cut.
2888;1;As vinyl, it was thrashed, side one good for kicking out the dust and enjoying the ride of flashes of Jimi Hendrix at his best.
2888;2;I had listened to the vinyl record long time ago and it was a great impression.
2888;3;Yeah he's that good and yeah you owe it to yourself to give Jimi a listen.................support your favorite artists.
2888;4;I had listened to the vinyl record long time ago and it was a great impression.
2888;5;Although the main focus of course is the Hendrix guitar work, I personally love the bass work by Billy Cox even more.
2888;6;On a technical level, "The Band of Gypsies" album perfectly captures a number of songs performed during 3 of the band's sets at the Fillmore East and the impressively clean sound quality gives it a nice studio sheen while still keeping the live energy intact.
2888;7;I am so happy to relocate Band of Gypsys and rock in the car :-)
2888;8;Listen close, to the music and lyrics.
2888;9;I had listened to the vinyl record long time ago and it was a great impression.
2888;10;If u love great rock with a funky twist, u will love this.
2889;1;But this CD is so good, I fear it could be her best work ever.
2889;2;And sometimes sad, though still in a good way...She's still young, and she has a long career ahead of her.
2889;3;But this CD is so good, I fear it could be her best work ever.
2889;4;That's especially true with this CD.
2889;5;That is if she keeps her head on her shoulders and keeps at like she has been, which I certainly see happening what with the iron clad focus she has on her career and it's effects on her fans...Speaking of effecting her fans, I failed to mention a stand out accomplishment.
2889;6;That's what this song is about and it really hits home for me and I just love this song and I wanna give a personal thanks to Taylor for this amazing and enchanting song.
2889;7;The Story of Us: This song builds itself around sturdy guitars, driving forward the way a good power pop song does.
2889;8;Every bit of the song feels like a work of art rather than a simple tune, and at its length, that's an incredibly accomplishment...Take-away lyric: 'But I took your matches before fire could catch me, so don't look now
2889;9;Songs are fun and make you want to dance.
2889;10;, funny romantic , so what are u waiting for get up and buy it now and enjoy  love it
2894;1;Anyway, the songs are fantastic, and the only two I'm going to mention are Hard to Explain, because it manages to claim title of best song on an album which is crammed with great songs, and Take it or Leave it, which is the worst on the album, but still pretty good.
2894;2;The Strokes comes out of the blue at a time when stylish, well thought-out music seemed to almost have disappeared entirely.
2894;3;This should give you an idea of how good the record is - there are simply no bad songs on it.
2894;4;The singer does the Lou Reed style talk-singing really well.
2894;5;The singer does the Lou Reed style talk-singing really well.
2894;6;I'll be honest
2894;7;This is the kind of music you listen to while driving on a nice summer day with the windows down.
2894;8;Besides having pretty amazing vocals, interesting and colorful lyrics, striking rythms and tunes that will never leave your head, they have a certian raw and honest quality.
2894;9;And although they had to leave off "NYC Cops" for the US release, the replacement "When It Started" is a bouncy, fun little number.
2894;10;The sound is intense, driven and full of hooks without every working up a sweat, the lyrics are at turns flippant, cynical, romantic, surprising.
2895;1;A real fun and funky album to enjoy whenever you want to float back in time to when musicians became masters of a craft on an instrument rather than doing so on a soundboard using tricks....
2895;2;Classic vintage fender/marshal feedback entertainment.
2895;3;Good energy and clean, polished sound.
2895;4;Every song on "Bridge of Sighs" is a classic guitar workout, the sound and production are excellent and there is not one flaw.
2895;5;The other part of the CD (the bonus tracks) are very nice to have, but I'm more focused on the original stuff from the initial release.
2895;6;It starts with a driving bass, reaches its peak, and cruises home  languidly with liquid Trower guitar.
2895;7;It starts with a driving bass, reaches its peak, and cruises home  languidly with liquid Trower guitar.
2895;8;He has written, and continues to write, some of the most unforgettable lyrics and musical compositions the Rock, Ballad and Blues genres have to offer for more than 40 years now."
2895;9;A real fun and funky album to enjoy whenever you want to float back in time to when musicians became masters of a craft on an instrument rather than doing so on a soundboard using tricks....
2895;10;The next song, the title track, is one of those rare songs that no matter how many times I hear it, I still love it.
2892;1;I highly recommend this for fans of good quality rock and roll
2892;2;And the price was right, as well...However, it's also a bit sad, seeing and hearing Roy Orbison and George Harrison, knowing both are now gone.
2892;3;He is a very good singer.
2892;4;With fun songs like "Rattled" and Bob Dylan's "Dirty World," the first CD has completely memorable music.
2892;5;With fun songs like "Rattled" and Bob Dylan's "Dirty World," the first CD has completely memorable music.
2892;6;The DVD is great shows some  really nice home movies, about the making of the albums...grannysue.Waller,TX
2892;7;Still,it was eminently worthy of the talents of the group...From today's perspective, the Traveling Wilburys were a reminder that music, particularly rock music, which had moved through all sorts of dark phases in the 70s and mid-80s, was above all supposed to be about having fun, both for the audience and for the performers.
2892;8;And the price was right, as well...However, it's also a bit sad, seeing and hearing Roy Orbison and George Harrison, knowing both are now gone.
2892;9;With fun songs like "Rattled" and Bob Dylan's "Dirty World," the first CD has completely memorable music.
2892;10;I love George Harrison singing lead vocals on these  classic tunes.
2893;1;It's Whatever-Althought this is a good song I just don't really enjoy it.
2893;2;But she never grates on cliches, and comes off as sensual, and self-assured-while painting a nice, but never tired picture of love and all it's pains and pleasures.
2893;3;Anyways despite what the ONLY other two reviews say that gave this album such a bad score this album is very good.
2893;4;i like the beat, itz nice and laid back, yet i thought tat this was a filler.
2893;5;On read between the lines she groans about her no good man over an equally snappy, unique beat.
2893;6;all i can say is that the spirit and music will live on forever rest in peace and have a peaceful journey home
2893;7;The beat is a slithering
2893;8;This album is a beautiful album expressing lots of emotions and feelings along with some thumping beats to back up the lyrics (much thanks to Timbaland).
2893;9;Rock the Boat - great dance groove, to this day it's hard to watch the video though....More Than a Woman - interesting beats, really fun dance track.
2893;10;i love the ending of the song.
2899;1;It's not overly loud, and if you listen to it on a good pair of headphones, you'll be submerged in the gorgeous shoegazing soundscape of MBV for 45 minutes, and be proud that you bought this reissue in the end.
2899;2;electric Miles Davis and early fusion, etc, then this won't disappoint.
2899;3;It's not overly loud, and if you listen to it on a good pair of headphones, you'll be submerged in the gorgeous shoegazing soundscape of MBV for 45 minutes, and be proud that you bought this reissue in the end.
2899;4;It's ironic, I know, considering the title...Loveless also sports an excellent album cover.
2899;5;I had read about it in a few places, where it got enormous amounts of praise.
2899;6;The sound is clean and rich, and even has a sense of depth to it, making it easy to hear every layer of this brilliantly dense music.
2899;7;Shields, the vocalist of My Bloody Valentine, is a good deal of what drives the appeal of the band's music.
2899;8;Imagine the most melodic guitar noise combined with exquisite vocals and intelligent lyrics, and you'll get a sense of what Loveless is all about.
2899;9;CD1 has slightly better resolution, but CD2 is the overall hands down winner as it is simply more fun to listen to.
2899;10;If you're at all enamored by ambient music with a pronounced romantic stripe, you will LOVE this!
2898;1;It barely cracks my top 40, but I understand it's relevance and enjoy it for possibly being of the most visual piece of music ever created.
2898;2;Not just heavily influential but a deep listening experience that still sounds fresh after its techniques have been co-opted by countless other bands, this is one of my favorite albums.
2898;3;Shields, the vocalist of My Bloody Valentine, is a good deal of what drives the appeal of the band's music.
2898;4;It's ironic, I know, considering the title...Loveless also sports an excellent album cover.
2898;5;I had read about it in a few places, where it got enormous amounts of praise.
2898;6;The sound is clean and rich, and even has a sense of depth to it, making it easy to hear every layer of this brilliantly dense music.
2898;7;and considering that this cd is less than eight bucks, there's no reason to go with the poor man's choice...this has to be in my top ten albums of all time, right up there with stevie wonder's "inner visions" and the cars's "candy o
2898;8;The guitar sound on 'Siamese Dream' found inspiration here... Loveless is a masterpiece of minimalism
2898;9;"Blown A Wish" and UK hit closer "Soon" showed the band embracing dance rhythms without sacrificing their remarkably deep melodies.
2898;10;If you're at all enamored by ambient music with a pronounced romantic stripe, you will LOVE this!
2897;1;The English seem to enjoy poking fun at religion, and this instrumental, which accompanies a poem in the CD booklet, does so well.
2897;2;It's not bad, just not up to par with the rest of the album...If you can't decide which of the 4 classic albums to buy first, this one is a good one to start with.
2897;3;It's not bad, just not up to par with the rest of the album...If you can't decide which of the 4 classic albums to buy first, this one is a good one to start with.
2897;4;Perhaps that is why many consider this the last REAL Genesis album they really made a heartfelt band effort to workout every nuance composition wise.
2897;5;What really brings it to life is the strong sense of focus and continuity-the presense or lack of which can either make or break even classic prog-rock.
2897;6;As I like both the original and the remix, I wanted to have clean vinyl copies of both.
2897;7;From a musical standpoint, one could enjoy this while working or driving the car, but it's also ideal for sitting at home, where one can read the lyrics as the tale unfolds.
2897;8;Gabriel's brilliant vocals and lyrics are matched by brilliant guitar work of Steve and Mike and additional musicianship from Tony and Phil as the song becomes a superb climactic rock number after its soft start.
2897;9;"Dancing With The Moonlit Knight" and "More Fool Me",the latter featuring the first lead vocal of Phil Collins on a Genesis album are gentle acoustic oriented songs with really great melodies-the former gets a bit more rockish towards the end of course but maintains the feel.
2897;10;Buy it today and wear it out.....so very Britissshhhhhh, love.....
2896;1;Peter Gabriels lyrics are amazingly good, the word choices and the ryhmes, the meter and the emotion from his voice are extremely powerful
2896;2;The very idea of presenting such elaborate and surreal ideas in musical form is worth the praise alone.
2896;3;The rhythm section of Collins and Rutherford shows an almost uncanny rapport - they seem to work better together than on some much later cuts, while Gabriel's vocals and lyrics are a good advert for the stellar solo career that was about to be launched...As usual it is Banks who provides the matrix that holds everything together - one of the enduring mysteries of rock is why his solo projects never quite gelled with the record-buying public.
2896;4;Trust me, it is...The music itself is proportionally intense and features classic Genesis workouts with pieces like In the Cage
2896;5;They are worth focusing on.
2896;6;Apart from a few cheesy moog noises that clearly date the work to the days when synths were an exciting novelty, it is all tasteful and clean.
2896;7;Apparently there weren't too many New Testament readers in the Progressive Rock scene.....Highly recommended mind trip.
2896;8;Peter Gabriels lyrics are amazingly good, the word choices and the ryhmes, the meter and the emotion from his voice are extremely powerful
2896;9;This recording falls into the really wonderful progressive influencial masterpieces...Have fun
2896;10;I love the metaphors of the chamber and that last line - "I'd give you all of my dreams if you'd help me find the door that doesn't lead me back again.
2903;1;THERE THERE: fantastic single, WHERE I END AND YOU BEGIN: good song, good rhythm, beautiful title.
2903;2;The cool, ghost-melodica voice of Thom Yorke still haunts the listener over gorgeous - albeit, sad and yearning - melodies.
2903;3;But it's still good, don't get me wrong.
2903;4;Quite possibly Radiohead's greatest album thus far... Hail to the Thief is a complete chaotic workout of sonic landscapes, music styles, and 21st century paranoia.
2903;5;As a final note (a little gift for those of you who read all through the entire review), take a peek at the updated Radiohead web site......
2903;6;I bought this cd the day that it was released, went home and listened to it, and was not dissapointed.
2903;7;But, it's also the kind of album you can throw into your car stereo and groove to while you're driving around town.
2903;8;It's probably my favorite album of the 90's
2903;9;A bass heavy, nihilistic dance beat serves as the backdrop for some of Thom's most poignant lyrics.
2903;10;Other than a couple of tracks, nothing really covers any new ground, but what it does, it does perfectly.
2902;1;They are people from different genres who just get together musically in a most pleasing and relaxed and fun way.
2902;2;"Raising Sand" is pure magic...Legendary rock vocalist Robert Plant and blue grass fondant Alison Krauss have recorded an instant classic with "Raising Sand".
2902;3;They are people from different genres who just get together musically in a most pleasing and relaxed and fun way.
2902;4;And, of course, Mr Burnett (the man behind "O Brother" soundtrack) should never be forgotten...Robert and Alison's voices sport an amazing chemistry together.
2902;5;While I don't like to single out specific songs because the album as a whole is a statement of collaborative genius, I was especially moved by how he sang "Please Read the Letter".
2902;6;I love this CD and it's so relaxing to play at dinner time - also fun to put on Sat am while cleaning my apt!!
2902;7;And so  "Raising Sand" is a collaborative "project" --- some of him, some of her, and a generous helping of them...What's true of every song: originality.
2902;8;The CD comes with a booklet that gives us the lyrics for each song as well as the song credits.
2902;9;They are people from different genres who just get together musically in a most pleasing and relaxed and fun way.
2902;10;And is honest and bitterly romantic.
2901;1;17 years have given Donna a lot to say and write about and I'm really thrilled to get to hear it...A fantastic add to your collection if you're a passing fan, a necessary belonging if you're anything more than that, and a completely new updated chapter in the book of music that IS  Donna Summer...Highly recommended.
2901;2;This song sounds like it could have been lifted off "Bad girls" or "The wanderer"..."Sand on my feet" is a tender acoustic ballad with Donna declaring undying love for her man and sounding very young.
2901;3;This song sounds like it could have been lifted off "Bad girls" or "The wanderer"..."Sand on my feet" is a tender acoustic ballad with Donna declaring undying love for her man and sounding very young.
2901;4;Suffice to say that among this palette of varied - some might say conflicting - styles, the big, seven-minute disco workout I'm A Fire is worth the investment on it's own.
2901;5;after reading all the one star reviews I must say  that you can criticize the songs and the arrangements but Donna still looks hot and she still has an exceptional voice!!
2901;6;I think this is Donna's most electic album to date, and definitely worth playing for family & friends...The CD is housed in a lovely black digi-pak with a fully illustrated booklet (16 pages).
2901;7;Thank You Driven by the Music!
2901;8;I love the strong dance rhythm and catchy lyric..."Crayons" (featuring Ziggy Marley... this song totally rocks with a hint of a reggaeton sound to it..."Fame (The Game)" is a great jamming song with an important message...Every song on the album is Fot Stuff and is well worth purchasing!
2901;9;"Mr. Music", "Fame", "Crayons" are all top notch songs that are fun to dance with, exercise with, etc. "The Queen is Back" is one of the best pop songs I have heard in years.
2901;10;This is why I have loved Donna so much.
2900;1;Stevie is always good, I enjoyed it very much.
2900;2;4 this intricate delicate melody flows in a rhythm that takes your mind and soul away from everything that is bad in this world into a world of beautiful peace and warm solace.....'living for the city'is the album's most powerful harshest cut that is about urban decay.this powerful true to life cut is about a young black lad who is from hard time mississippi travels to new york city on a bus in which he exhorts in excitement:'wow!
2900;3;4 this intricate delicate melody flows in a rhythm that takes your mind and soul away from everything that is bad in this world into a world of beautiful peace and warm solace.....'living for the city'is the album's most powerful harshest cut that is about urban decay.this powerful true to life cut is about a young black lad who is from hard time mississippi travels to new york city on a bus in which he exhorts in excitement:'wow!
2900;4;"Don't You Worry 'Bout A Thing" again sports that funky 1970s style which works so well for this fine number.
2900;5;If you've ever wanted to study music seriously, listen to and take apart this song word by word, note by note, chord by chord and you're about a quarter of the way there.
2900;6;"Living for the city" is gritty and each time I go home to NYC I use a phrase out of the record.
2900;7;4 this intricate delicate melody flows in a rhythm that takes your mind and soul away from everything that is bad in this world into a world of beautiful peace and warm solace.....'living for the city'is the album's most powerful harshest cut that is about urban decay.this powerful true to life cut is about a young black lad who is from hard time mississippi travels to new york city on a bus in which he exhorts in excitement:'wow!
2900;8;Still, I'd give it a 7/10, so it's not bad, and its prophetic lyrics and restrained atmosphere sound good.
2900;9;A little fun shuffle for the dance party--a world party, and yeah, that's Stevie's, too.
2900;10;Stevie's desire to remain at his lover's side touches me with its message
2907;1;Tracks that should immediately take your attention are 'I Got That (Boom Boom)' a more urban type tune with a fantastic beat, 'Showdown' is also an amazing song with a bassline so good you won't stop humming it!
2907;2;Outragous-My favorite song song on the album...I hope she finishes shooting this video for it when shes done with that bad knee...And its on the catwoman soundtrack:10/10.8.
2907;3;is realy beyond average and I think deserves all 5 stars, she just has a few bad tracks that killed her rating, but it's all good...great job britany!
2907;4;"In The Zone" is overflowing with satisfying beats and song structures.
2907;5;I've been reading some of the reviews, and really, I got a good laugh out of it....I mean, "Juvenile lyrics"?
2907;6;Its music incorporates dance, house, trip hop and hip hop styles with instrumentation from guitars, drums, synthesizers, strings, and Middle Eastern musical instruments.
2907;7;Since she's so determined to be a woman, not a girl, she has completely shed the sugarcoated big hooks and sappy love songs that drove her stardom, concentrating on music that glides by on mellow grooves or hits hard with its hip-hop beats.
2907;8;Everytime: Great lyrics and emotion 9.5/10.13.
2907;9;Me Against the Music- A fun collaboration with Madonna that just screams to be played in dance clubs.
2907;10;Brave New Girl - 5/5, very risqu topic but I love the techno-y feel to it.
2906;1;I enjoyed it from beginning to end!
2906;2;It's very laid back and mellow, much like the Artist.
2906;3;great listening and very relaxing to listen to.
2906;4;It's very laid back and mellow, much like the Artist.
2906;5;Wanna Be Loved hits a homerun on its focus, in how everyone is looking to be loved by someone.
2906;6;It's very laid back and mellow, much like the Artist.
2906;7;It's very laid back and mellow, much like the Artist.
2906;8;His soft vocals and mind blowing song lyrics keeps him on top of the musical charts.
2906;9;It's perfect if you're looking for something to play during a romantic dinner, during a pre-dinner cocktail party, during a bubble bath, or any other sort of easy listening mood you're in.
2906;10;Whether you have a sweetheart, or are just a romantic, this is a great album for that "sentimental mood".
2905;1;This is a Feel Good UPLIFTING song that is so much fun to listen to & enjoy...8.
2905;2;The remix is excellent and features some bits and pieces that were not on the original mix (like Ace's guitar solo on "Sweet Pain" which was left off the original album for Dick Wagner's solo (which is here as a bonus track), acoustic guitar on "Beth" not present on the original mix, extra backing vocals and so forth and so on which were left off so the sound for vinyl would not be bad).
2905;3;Do you love me- 8 a nice finish to the album soft but not bad its pretty slow but its ok, its a good song,.
2905;4;which are works of glory!
2905;5;which are works of glory!
2905;6;which are works of glory!
2905;7;It is a fun party song up until he gets into a car crash @ the end of the song, running into song #2...2.
2905;8;"Beth"...this ballad is quite sad, but it is quite pretty, too.
2905;9;It is a fun party song up until he gets into a car crash @ the end of the song, running into song #2...2.
2905;10;I love it, and I may have passed up Dressed To Kill or maybe even Alive!
2904;1;What a voice and good looking also.
2904;2;i love to hear Josh sing in spanish and "si volvieras a mi"  does not disappoint, and "broken vow" is like the perfect break up song, so sad :( Love it though!!
2904;3;This cd is great to listen to when the mood is calm and relaxed.
2904;4;I love Josh's voice and the way he interprets the songs he sings.
2904;5;I listen to this album when I am studying to give me the peace to study...Josh Gorban is one of the most talented young artists I have ever heard of.
2904;6;I love Josh's voice and the way he interprets the songs he sings.
2904;7;Groban has amazing skill and gets me singing along in the car all the time.
2904;8;The passionate lyrics are a bit like lightning that really capture your attention...Josh really pours an entire range of emotions into every selection, especially in Never Let Go.
2904;9;Purchase the item as a gift for a friend for her thoughtfulness and friendship.
2904;10;The minute I found this CD I was in love with the religiously romantic experience of listening to Josh Groban's heart-awakening voice.
2911;1;It's a lot of fun to listen to and I think she does a good job.
2911;2;kelly clarkson has done a great job again with this christmas cd!
2911;3;"wrapped in red" is pretty good and it is kind of a christmas romance song about being brave during christmas to tell someone special how you feel.
2911;4;kelly clarkson has done a great job again with this christmas cd!
2911;5;I've always thought that Kelly Clarkson's voice would be perfect for Christmas songs, so I was extremely excited and eager when I read that she would be coming out with a Christmas album this year.
2911;6;Her bluesy vocals thrill on the wonderful "Please Come Home For Christmas" Even on perhaps the most overdone of Christmas songs, the carol "Silent Night" she manages to make it feel fresh by ending it in an a capella trio with Reba McEntire and Trisha Yearwood that is sublime...Watching Clarkson on the first season of American Idol was a constant revelation.
2911;7;Great to listen to while driving home for Christmas!!
2911;8;This was definitely my most wanted for 2013 and the emotion flows through Kelly's choices of songs on this album.
2911;9;Underneath the Tree (5/5) - Ah, might be one of my new favorite Christmas songs... Starts out with a few seconds of simple yet beautiful piano notes, and then it transitions into a upbeat and fun song.
2911;10;Well, to my pleasant surprise not only do I passionately love this album.
2910;1;"Caught Somewhere in Time" is amazing, "Wasted Years" is a classic, "Sea of Madness" is a very good and underrated song, "Heaven Can Wait" is good with a strong bridge, "The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner" is pretty good, "Stranger in a Strange Land" is awesome and has been strangely neglected from Maiden playlists after this album, "Deja Vu" is the least of the songs but has its moments, and "Alexander the Great" is fantastic.
2910;2;Everyone's got that special album that they heard way back when that would forever change the way you viewed music
2910;3;But still a good cd.
2910;4;It has turned out to be one of my favorite albums to work out to at my local gym, especially whenever I go for extended runs on the elliptical machines or treadmills
2910;5;Its got a weird and long title, but its awesome and I urge you to give it a listen...All in all, a superb album with incredible songs and should NEVER be overlooked in your Maiden collection...P.S. study the cover for lots of great allusions to other Maiden works and trivia (eg the 'Ancient Mariner' restaurant).
2910;6;The production is clean and clear.
2910;7;"The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner" just has me imagining an entire time travel especially in the lead guitar during the chorus...I like the typical Iron Maiden formula a lot, but the inclusion of this specific production, atmosphere, spirit and the synths make the album very unique while still sounding somewhat classic...If you're a hardcore Maiden fan, you probably already have this album.
2910;8;STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND.This song has a great feel to it, really captures the emotion of the lyrics.
2910;9;From the moment that the Blade Runner-ish intro to the song blasts out of the speakers, you're in for a very fun ride!
2910;10;I love the feel of this record and the band is so tight!
2909;1;Mostly the show just radiates joy and energy and fun...The books in the deluxe set are fantastic.
2909;2;I remember the reviews of Venus and Mars and many critics were like...not bad...The tour of all tours in the 70s was Wings Over America...along with Linda and Denny Laine, Macca put together and amazing rock band and what a grand slam he hit with this tour and album...the movie Rock Show is just an amazing live show, the faces in the crowd as they see Macca post-Beatles on-stage, breathtaking.
2909;3;It has a lot of really good songs from Wings and a few Beatle songs.
2909;4;For such an early live album, the sound is excellent.
2909;5;Most of you reading this won't notice these minor issues and the sound is very, very good...The boxed set is spectacular.
2909;6;On Call me back again, he is "perfectly raspy"  Overall, the recording is very clean considering it was made in 1976.
2909;7;This includes "Paul is Live," "Tripping the Live Fantastic," and "Back in the US."
2909;8;I remember the reviews of Venus and Mars and many critics were like...not bad...The tour of all tours in the 70s was Wings Over America...along with Linda and Denny Laine, Macca put together and amazing rock band and what a grand slam he hit with this tour and album...the movie Rock Show is just an amazing live show, the faces in the crowd as they see Macca post-Beatles on-stage, breathtaking.
2909;9;What fun it is to listen to this recording today.
2909;10;"My Love"--sole track from RED ROSE SPEEDWAY is this McCartney love song with a fantastic guitar solo.
2908;1;One of the better releases by the Fantastic band Iron Maiden and worthy of the "Classic" and "Essential" mark that people place on it.
2908;2;This is an all-around powerful song...The only negative thing I can say about this album is that it is the last one with Clive Burr.
2908;3;Ok, so Gangland slightly falls behind the others and the new bonus track Total Eclipse isn't so good, but neither are bad, and when you consider how great the other songs on this album are it really does testify what a great album this is.
2908;4;"Run To The Hills" was the big hit off this album(I remember my Gym teacher putting this song on everyday and making us run,it worked well),the galloping beat is great and the story of the song(native american,setlers and all that)and the video was great too.
2908;5;"Gangland" is yet another uptempo piece, this time focusing on living in the more ghetto side of town, and the fears of going outside, for the gangs might get you.
2908;6;"22 Acacia Avenue," another faced-paced track, is a fable of a prostitution house and how truly insane and upside-down one could be.
2908;7;Harris stands out, as always, providing the energy and drive in most of the songs.
2908;8;Its really just a fun song, with sad lyrics.
2908;9;(still fun though)  Children of the Damned has to be the most underrated Iron Maiden song around.
2908;10;I VERY HIGHLY RECOMMEND this album to any fan of classic, old school hard rock/metal, for even the most jaded classic metal fan will find something fresh to love about this album.
3201;1;His unique voice and emotion in the songs still made all of what he sang fantastic!
3201;2;The blue ray is great and so is the audio only cds...I was surprised to see Jimmy Page in such great form playing so enthusiastically and leading the band.
3201;3;all good, wow they still have it, they are still the best by far.....wish they would tour again...saw them in 1977 in the garden!!
3201;4;Great mix...heavy on the drums!!
3201;5;He really enjoyed it and read it in 3 days!
3201;6;Do yourself a huge favor and play this on a credible home theater system.....loud.
3201;7;John Paul Jones, ever the master-musician, is as serious and dedicated as always, driving the rhythm and doing some exceptional keyboard work...All in all, an elegant, moving performance, enhanced by a giant screen with titanic images, sometimes dwarfing the stage and the band, although the laser and lighting effects are tasteful and never over-the-top.
3201;8;Jimmy Page Is in fine form, nails all his parts, his trademark sound and swagger, it's all there, and he plays with the emotion and skill he's known for.
3201;9;Great DVD and CD's ....So much fun seeing Led Zeppelin.back together again...I heard Robert Plant say he wasn't.
3201;10;But, more than that, Jason plays with true passion and genuine love, coupled with a sense of schoolboy wonder that, somehow, he gets to be on stage with his heroes...Robert Plant since indicated in Rolling Stone there will be no more Led Zeppelin.
3200;1;1, very good you feel the real  emotion (this being dedicated to his father going off to war) of the song.
3200;2;As excellent and timeless as "The Wall" is, it's sad that those involved can't look back on this opus as a true team project...That said, despite what people think, "The Wall" was far from a Roger Waters solo project.
3200;3;It may provide him with  good musical ideas, but how many different ways can you make subtle hate  rock?
3200;4;"The Wall" was a very chancy and  personal endeavor for Roger Waters, but while it proved successful  commercially, and is full of musical excellence, I think that it's about  time Roger Waters stop bitching about everything.
3200;5;See for yourself in the gripping read&nbsp
3200;6;The lyrics go something like "when i pick up the  phone", then there is just the background noise of the TV saying  "surprise, surprise, surprise", then the lyrics go on  "there's still nobody home".
3200;7;The only solace  for most Pink floyd fans today is to pack the CD magazines of their cars  full of albums like "Dark Side of the Moon," "Animals,"  Wish You Were Here" and "The Wall," which is why "Is  There Anybody out There" serves as a particularly tasty treat.
3200;8;Although the soundscapes that back the main theme are a perfect fit, and the music is melodic, complicated, emotional, and energetic, it is there mainly to help convey the emotion that is stated in the lyrics.
3200;9;This album has a lot of different themes behind it which makes it fun to listen because you can listen and try to figure what the whold "Wall," is really about.
3200;10;And I love their live rendition, always, to their studio recording.
3203;1;Her emotions are 'out there', and every song on this release is good to excellent.
3203;2;She has a good voice live and the songwriting isn't too bad either.
3203;3;She has a good voice live and the songwriting isn't too bad either.
3203;4;This album is a triumph and is great music for the car or the gym.
3203;5;What a talent Adele is.
3203;6;A favorite at home or in the car!
3203;7;One of the favorites listened to on a 12 hour trip in the car.
3203;8;The songs on this album are so full of emotion.
3203;9;makes me want to dance every time I hear it.
3203;10;My girlfriend loves Adele and this album.
3202;1;Sure, there are rather silly songs like Paul's "Maxwell's Silver Hammer" (which I truly enjoyed growing up, still do) and Ringo's "Octopus' Garden" - but I believe these songs add surrealism and fun to one of The Beatles' best.
3202;2;But pain or pleasure this album is pure BEATLES that had matured for that time in 1969.
3202;3;So let's see: rock solid appeal, strong fan base, great past and history, good success today, and a stellar array of song material.
3202;4;Then, "She Came Through the Bathroom Window" is Paul's fanciful take on a wayward woman who seems to take over.
3202;5;Yet for this album you can`t really tell that as they sound so great and they were focused to make of this a great album,and what a masterpiece did it become!
3202;6;The way it sweeps through with a perfect logic - along with a truly rocked-out sound in parts (yet it somehow stays "clean," clean raunch-rock!)
3202;7;What I mean is you can hear all the quieter passages while enjoying the beautiful 'notes' coming out your cars tailpipe.
3202;8;It's so removing, you can get deep emotions by the listening experience, you can feel lots of noises, like the constant presence of death and dark perceptions of the world, the optimism, the humour, the social comments, I mean... The Beatles' lyrics here are getting simpler, but more to the point.
3202;9;"Maxwell's Silver Hammer" continues Paul's love for fun novelty songs.
3202;10;Trow in a couple of ballads such as the amazing "Here Comes The Sun"(wich is credited for being the best love some of all time,Elvis Presley himself said so along with a few others)and the excellent "Something"(both written by George!)
3205;1;Rock N' Roll 8/10...Along with the previous, just a fun rocker with very good drumming from John...3.
3205;2;What an amazing woman she was...It's kind of sad that Stairway to Heaven became so much fun to mock, it's such a wonderful piece of music and poetry.
3205;3;Misty Mountain Hop is a pretty good song and Going to California isn't bad either.
3205;4;The song itself is a repetitive, amazing sounding, ecstatic, climatic, orgasmic masterpiece...If you're a casual zep fan, buy this, zep one, and a greatest hits or two.
3205;5;Im a fan of lyrics and good songwriting, and these guys put on one of the best i have ever read, that song "SWTH" i mentioned earlier really makes you think.
3205;6;Some how it all fits together beautifully, nothing seems out of place (unlike the next release Houses of the Holy where the band seemed to lack a consistent focus) Hearing the Runes album after 30 some years was almost like discovering it for the very first time again :)  What fun!
3205;7;Going to California is a great ridin' in the car tune, as it has a good feel, and When the Levee Breaks is just a good song.
3205;8;The folk songs here are, for the first time, truly enthalling and very beautiful, even if the lyrics are sometimes awful (battle of evermore).
3205;9;Some how it all fits together beautifully, nothing seems out of place (unlike the next release Houses of the Holy where the band seemed to lack a consistent focus) Hearing the Runes album after 30 some years was almost like discovering it for the very first time again :)  What fun!
3205;10;I love Sandy Denny's vocals in the background.
3204;1;very satisfied with the shipment... enjoying the record so much... the packaging is very good and i received the shipment earlier than i expected.
3204;2;Her husky, emotional voice conveys a sense of human pain, frailty, and longing that is the hallmark of world class vocalists.
3204;3;This is a very good album as well.
3204;4;She has so much talent.
3204;5;Thanks to so many other positive reviews that I read, I decided to try this cd.
3204;6;I purchased two cd's, one for my car, and one for the home.
3204;7;I just love to pop this cd in the car and sing along as I'm driving.
3204;8;She wears her emotions on her sleeve, and it shows.
3204;9;They are fun to listen to and have a lot of character and depth in the music.
3204;10;I also love that not all of the songs speak to the Romantic Lover, they also speak to the Self-Lover, which I think is important to note, as so many people have already declared this album to be about romantic heartbreak.
3207;1;The lyrics are very good and the solo is fantastic.
3207;2;This album is brilliant, Kurt Cobain was bad as hell!
3207;3;Though the song is short, the lyrics are great and the music is  heavy as hell..08-Drain You: My second favorite from this album, a bit  more tame but no less Nirvana than any of their other stuff, nothing bad  here at all..09-Longe Act: A very good alternative hit and the FOURTH  radio hit from this album, the lyrics are excellent and it is as catchy as  any pop song..10-Stay Away: A good song, but the album's only weak point.
3207;4;It rocks hard, yet it's steady and easy, sporting it's own unique vibe that is unmistakably Nirvana...Aside from the steady groove that dominates the majority of the album, there is also a fair amount of variety as well.
3207;5;The genius of Nirvana (read: Cobain) was that he invented a new kind of music.
3207;6;Sort of like looking through a window that was just cleaned and you can see really clearly all the detail.
3207;7;There's not really a sense of anger or rage in these songs, it's more a sense of earnest, propulsive grit that drives the songs forward, a style that is distinctive to Nirvana's sound...The other side of Nirvana's sound, and what truly made them a special band, was their ability to create uniquely personal and authentic ballads.
3207;8;Though the song is short, the lyrics are great and the music is  heavy as hell..08-Drain You: My second favorite from this album, a bit  more tame but no less Nirvana than any of their other stuff, nothing bad  here at all..09-Longe Act: A very good alternative hit and the FOURTH  radio hit from this album, the lyrics are excellent and it is as catchy as  any pop song..10-Stay Away: A good song, but the album's only weak point.
3207;9;There are a few up-tempo, punk-rock infused songs that add a sense of fun to the album, i.e. "Breed", "Territorial Pissings", and "Stay Away".
3207;10;It's got real rock elements an old school rocker would love, rebellious lyrics that a young teenager can relate too, it's got it all.
3206;1;So I still don't have any new favorites, but it is a very good record, and we very much enjoyed the whole album.
3206;2;Adele is perfection and the songs range from upbeat to sad (of course you can always cry with Adele).
3206;3;Showing her appreciation and good intentions, the note is every bit as honest as its writer, a 27 year-old lady, surprisingly composed and reserved, given her phenomenal success.
3206;4;Thank you to everybody for your love and kindness, for your honesty and persuasion.
3206;5;My favorite tracks are Remedy and Sweetest Devotion, which I have read were written about her son.
3206;6;The one thing that shines through here is Adele's voice, even on a couple tracks that would be less-than-stellar with another singer she brings them home with her pipes.
3206;7;Great CD for traveling in a car, great vocal technique and voice key highly recommended
3206;8;When We Were Young - Another song I think most can relate to with beautiful lyrics and vocals.
3206;9;While this style of music is not Adele's strong suit it is really fun to hear her a bit less on the serious side and showing a whole lot of sassy attitude to help offset the serious and somber tone of many of the songs here on "25."
3206;10;Only listened a couple of times thus far but I love it!
3165;1;I can enjoy hearing these songs over and over and feel energized and carried away by the clarity of the instruments and the intelligent way they are put to good use.
3165;2;The piano is accompanied by a flute-like keyboard sound which supplies the magical theme, that is simultaneously sad and inspiring.
3165;3;This is Classic Rock at it's best with unmatched Ballads and Good time Rock and Roll Tunes !
3165;4;Truly gifted, caring, loving, and it all comes out when he sings.
3165;5;After listening to the rest of the album, reading the liner notes and talking to other music fans I have found a true appreciation of this artist who managed to create memorable hits spanning three decades - without becoming a trend clone like so many other long-lived pop stars.
3165;6;Very good decision with buying item...and arrived earlier then expected...had to clean disc several times to get it to play properly, works fine now.
3165;7;I keep it in my car so I can listen when I am in a mood for his music.
3165;8;Great lyrics, writing and music.
3165;9;With 'Bennie and the Jets', 'Saturday Night's Alright for Fighting' and of course, 'Crocodile Rock' we see that Elton's music is so much fun to listen and dance to.
3165;10;Elton John is a brilliant musician and I loved him as a teen and still do today.
3164;1;The remaining songs are very good, but these are the ones I enjoy listening too.
3164;2;Just because they are pop-punk doesnt make them a bad band they are still a great group.
3164;3;Boulevard of Broken Dreams-I know alot of people would put this as their fav,but while its great,and a good single,others are better.i still love this song tho.
3164;4;Give Me Novacaine-cool song,slightly slower,but nice.
3164;5;With this album it's as though Green Day finally figured out why everyone loves Time of Your Life so much and decided to commit an entire album of its always scathing, insightful lyrics to melody and rhythm instead of focusing merely on creating an almost impenetrable wall of sound.
3164;6;I'm not exactly sure but it works and it's a nice rock out segment of the song...V. We're Coming Home Again - I think this segment is about Jesus of Suburbia going back home.
3164;7;Own this gem and I guarantee you will be keeping this cd close at hand in your car and certainly on top of your entertainment center.
3164;8;Fantastic songs and hooks and lyrics and ... Too bad they made a mediocre broadway version of it.
3164;9;The album really gets you in your grove and really gets you to dance.
3164;10;Boulevard of Broken Dreams-I know alot of people would put this as their fav,but while its great,and a good single,others are better.i still love this song tho.
3167;1;But this album is fantastic.
3167;2;This is one of those albums an artist puts out and you wonder how they'll ever top it...Not ONE bad song on this bad boy!
3167;3;This is a very very good studio recording!
3167;4;I am particularly impressed with his vocal ability, sound quality and clarity.
3167;5;I plan on checking out his earlier CDs but I've read this one is by far the best.
3167;6;I bought Continuum for my daughter and played it on the way home.
3167;7;I really enjoy listening to this album - particularly while I'm driving.
3167;8;In fact, the lyrics in this CD top everything he's ever done, especially Waiting on the World to Change and Belief...My other favorites include: I Don't Trust Myself (With Loving You), Belief, Vultures, and Slow Dancing In A Burning Room...An incredible masterpiece...Highly recommended.
3167;9;This is a fun, laid-back listen.
3167;10;I personally love the sound of Mayer's vocals here as well as the semi-polytonal element of the rhythmic guitar coupled with Mayer's guitar improvisations and riffs.
3166;1;This reissue adds a bonus track from 1996 "When You Love A Woman" that became an instant classic and arguably the only good track from their "Trial By Fire" album...Yes there are some fan favorites and minor hits missing like "Mother, Father" and "Stone In Love" but what is here is some quality hits and they play so well together it is easy to forgot what is missing and enjoy what is here.
3166;2;"Any Way you Want it" gets back into a dance track to have some fun...I admit that "Ask the Lonely" isn't one of my favorites in the world, but even that isn't bad in any way.
3166;3;This reissue adds a bonus track from 1996 "When You Love A Woman" that became an instant classic and arguably the only good track from their "Trial By Fire" album...Yes there are some fan favorites and minor hits missing like "Mother, Father" and "Stone In Love" but what is here is some quality hits and they play so well together it is easy to forgot what is missing and enjoy what is here.
3166;4;Journey is one of the greatest bands to ever come out of the Bay Area and Neil Shoan has the greatest licks in the world.
3166;5;Journey is one of the greatest bands to ever come out of the Bay Area and Neil Shoan has the greatest licks in the world.
3166;6;In the pouring rain he went to Jonathan Cain's house and together they finished writing the song..."Seperate Ways (Worlds Apart)" is one of my favorites.
3166;7;I listen to it in my car, and find myself singing along with it on some of those longer drives just to help me relax.
3166;8;Great vocals and music, always thoughtful lyrics.
3166;9;It's the perfect pick-me-up song to say that there is always a chance for what you want..."Wheel in the Sky" had great power to it, and was fun to dance to.
3166;10;To that end, a couple of songs that are missing that are personal favorites for me are, stone in love, still they ride, and mother father.
3161;1;This entire album is packed with raw emotion, great vocals & lyrics, jamming guitars and good rythmns.
3161;2;Vedder delivers some great vocals, even though he's inspired a number of bad singers.
3161;3;This is a classic with some amazing songs like "once","even flow", "alive", &  "jeremy", & it's not like the others aren't good either!
3161;4;Even if you think you don't like Pearl  Jam, this is a classic, must-have rock album.
3161;5;thanks for reading my review and long live rock!!!!
3161;6;while you were sitting home alone at age 13, your real daddy was dyin', sorry you didn't see him, but i'm glad we talked" truly amazing with an excellent chorus.
3161;7;The melodies are fantastic and its one of my favorites cds for journeys and trips by car.
3161;8;One of the all-time greatest singers in rock history, Eddie's emotions are left bare here in the lyrics (such as the dysfunctional family issues of Alive) and he delivers them passionately, providing ear-peeling screams when the music demands it but also sounding great when the singing is barely more than a whisper (the opening of Black).
3161;9;The band is always thought of being so serious, but the album title shows a sense of fun.
3161;10;"EVEN FLOW"  "ALIVE" "JEREMY" "BLACK" and  "PORCH"  are flat out memorable rock tunes.i especially love  "porch" .
3160;1;Fantastic vocals and very heavy easy listening music with very good hits.
3160;2;I prefer the good old analog sound, less compression which gives more dynamic range to the music, but the Rhino release isn't bad like some say.
3160;3;I prefer the good old analog sound, less compression which gives more dynamic range to the music, but the Rhino release isn't bad like some say.
3160;4;Iron Man is the heavier of the two and quite funky... Planet Caravan feels like something that just swoops down, grabs you, and well, takes you to another planet.
3160;5;Getting to hear the songs without the vocals allows you to focus on what the band is doing and hear so much more of the music.
3160;6;Much better balance, clear and clean but still warm and heavy.
3160;7;Gotta love that bubbly bass tone and behaved drumming, plus one of Iommi's more fun lead breaks...Planet Caravan:  Is an obviously substance-inspired trip through time and space.
3160;8;I prefer the former mainly for its lyric's of course, because it's another thought provoking song, but I love the fast pace.
3160;9;When I got back to the states I mentioned it at a party and they said they had not pick that.up listening to the album.
3160;10;I prefer the former mainly for its lyric's of course, because it's another thought provoking song, but I love the fast pace.
3163;1;The album is a fantastic mix of ten songs packaged in a make-it-yourself cd kit (you're gonna need an empty jewel case to put it together and I'm pretty sure some of you have a cd or two that's worth stripping and tossing for it's jewel case) and that's part of the fun of this album, which from the beginning has been an odd event in musical history.
3163;2;There is honestly not one bad track,  and it grows on you the.more you listen to it.
3163;3;Just as good as OK Computer.
3163;4;It's a very beautiful song and my second favorite off In Rainbows.
3163;5;This album's focus is stunning -  never presenting more or less than is required.
3163;6;wow...i'm surprised by a lot of the negative reviews i'm seeing here...i thought this was very well done...it such a great cd...it evokes moods and it relaxes your mind...i love playing it in my car on long drives and when i'm lounging around the house...i would definitely recommend to friends...and anyone else for that matter...
3163;7;Elsewhere, 'Nude' channels 'Exit Music' and displays a fragile beauty, while 'All I Need', with its hot car metaphors, driving, pulsing organic beat and claustrophobic atmosphere functions as an effective centrepiece of sorts, quite striking in its intensity and dense menace...The second half of the album is even better.
3163;8;There's a lot of emotion that Thom pours into every muffled lyric.
3163;9;The album is a fantastic mix of ten songs packaged in a make-it-yourself cd kit (you're gonna need an empty jewel case to put it together and I'm pretty sure some of you have a cd or two that's worth stripping and tossing for it's jewel case) and that's part of the fun of this album, which from the beginning has been an odd event in musical history.
3163;10;Phil Selway provides a pulsating drum beat on this track  "House Of Cards" is a romantic love song.
3162;1;I should've bought it a long time ago, every song is perfect but I think my favorite is "Dogs" because it starts out fast and then in the middle goes to a slower tempo and just is filled with an atmospheric feeling that u just can't describe, 1977 had some good albums but i think animals is the best.
3162;2;Dogs, is the brilliant excourse into the pain and violence of the album.
3162;3;A relaxed rocker that would probably be just a really good blues song if it weren't for... Rick Wright!
3162;4;It may be Gilmours best guitar solo ever, and that is saying a whole lot!
3162;5;, whilst Gilmour, again, offers some solid guitar work and a storming, over-the-top epic of a guitar solo to bring us to a close...I've hardly mentioned Sheep, though suffice to say it continues the bleak and unapologetic sound, this time focusing on the underclass, as it's lyrical target.
3162;6;"Hey you, white house, ha ha, charade you are!"
3162;7;It's another 11 minute journey and, not to mention, is a great tune for driving road trips.
3162;8;The lyrics are deep and thought-provoking, the melodies are stunning, and the band's interplay is tight.
3162;9;"guffy" removed the hum of the organ and maxed the pecussion so now headphones will give you a headache
3162;10;'Pigs On The Wing' are bolth love songs about Roger Water's wife, and they are bolth really amazing.
3157;1;I have so enjoyed listening to the CD &  so happy I ordered it!!
3157;2;This album changed all that, and it should have opened Josh up to a new audience.
3157;3;I cannot stop listening to this CD - it's that good!
3157;4;This album changed all that, and it should have opened Josh up to a new audience.
3157;5;I bought The Red Tent for my daughter as we had both read the book and enjoyed it.
3157;6;"Gold Can Turn To Sand" is every bit as amazing as "Bring Him Home".
3157;7;gave this to my mom for mother's day - she plays in her car singing along - wonderful CD
3157;8;His passion and emotion is riveting and most pleasant.
3157;9;This album changed all that, and it should have opened Josh up to a new audience.
3157;10;Simply put, I love Josh's voice, so I enjoy everything he sings!
3156;1;Several fav songs on this CD.....Good buy!
3156;2;Terrific, and not a bad song on it.
3156;3;Several fav songs on this CD.....Good buy!
3156;4;They truly give blood for this ballad
3156;5;I enjoy music while I read and this is a wonderful collection of the hits of a great group.
3156;6;Was a very clean copy of the music and I thoroughly enjoyed it!
3156;7;Now that I have it on CD I can enjoy it in more places (like my car).
3156;8;Terrific, and not a bad song on it.
3156;9;Several fav songs on this CD.....Good buy!
3156;10;"Desperado" is one of the best songs The Eagles ever performed
3159;1;Those of us who enjoy the standards are very happy indeed,  the lucky recipients of this treasure they've created.
3159;2;Great CD music and purchase.
3159;3;Good for Tony that he had her good the Older songs.
3159;4;Great CD music and purchase.
3159;5;Her style through the tracks is a bit more brash and Broadway and didn't quite have the depth or emotion of a saloon singer but with that said she still covers her half of the singing on "Cheek to Cheek" admirably and shows flashes of brilliance on some of the tracks...When reading about this album I remember someone saying that Gaga had a lot of Liza Minnelli in her vocal style and I concur.
3159;6;Nice to listen to while working around the house!!
3159;7;Great nighttime listening at home or in the car.
3159;8;Her style through the tracks is a bit more brash and Broadway and didn't quite have the depth or emotion of a saloon singer but with that said she still covers her half of the singing on "Cheek to Cheek" admirably and shows flashes of brilliance on some of the tracks...When reading about this album I remember someone saying that Gaga had a lot of Liza Minnelli in her vocal style and I concur.
3159;9;Gaga can sing dance act write produce and direct she's one of the meitnerium's talented and versatile musicians/artists of her generation she's also extremely underrated and under appreciated but one day her talents will be celebrated we truly don't deserve this woman
3159;10;Totally love this CD Very nice
3158;1;Joe Walsh has a fun number: Last Good Time in Town.
3158;2;Gorgeous song about a sad time for Mother Earth.
3158;3;The Eagles sound as good today as they did when they first started, there music not only carries a message its pure,Simple and spiritual,they are truly amazing and spectacular.
3158;4;to hear an album filled with reassuring trademark harmonies,lush ballads,crisp rockers filled with biting lyrics that could only been done by the legendary classic-rock band The Eagles.
3158;5;I have been reading the consumer reviews so far and found that most are very complimentary (smart) and a couple are downright funny and some people just don't like ANYTHING!
3158;6;If you liked the Eagles previously, you'll like their first new effort in, like forever...The outstanding guitar work, the harmonies, the precise clean sound
3158;7;I listen to it in the car - crank it up and sing along!
3158;8;to hear an album filled with reassuring trademark harmonies,lush ballads,crisp rockers filled with biting lyrics that could only been done by the legendary classic-rock band The Eagles.
3158;9;I have to admit to being very surprised to hear the quality of the music come through and the inclusion of real instruments, instead of synthesized, is a grand welcome addition in this age of electronic musical short cuts...There are songs to make you dance and songs to break your heart.
3158;10;There was the rock sound, that pensive 'losing love' sound, the lone cowboy sound and even a couple (especially the one the album shares its name with) that are absolutely epic in nature...The lyrics also have a full range of body, from light to moving and from political to poetic.
3153;1;Opening with an a-capella presentation of the song "because" is fantastic, and displays how good these four guys were as vocalists, and from there it just takes off with one great song after another using various musical intros taken from various Beatles songs as transitions.
3153;2;For all the negative reviewers- relax and please remember- this music was prepared as a soundtrack for Cirque- a classy Vegas show.
3153;3;But when I started to read reviews stating that it was a good album I became curious and decided to get it, luckily, my sister gave to me as a Christmas present... an what an excellent present it was!
3153;4;I guess for some, it's just great sport to tear down something others love when you don't have an artistic bone in your body.
3153;5;But when I started to read reviews stating that it was a good album I became curious and decided to get it, luckily, my sister gave to me as a Christmas present... an what an excellent present it was!
3153;6;The way they have mixed the songs is very clean and the selection of songs is interesting and fun.
3153;7;I was pleasantly surprised, though, after listening to it completely through a couple times...while on a road trip...These two gentlemen put out an impressive piece of work with many creative, seamless, transitions... and it has become one my favorite Beatles album overnight...Sounds great through the car stereo too!
3153;8;Best moment: The previously unreleased "While My Guitar Gently Weeps (Acoustic)", with additional lyrics and a backing score written by George Martin.
3153;9;It is a really fun and enjoyable CD, especially for the die-hards.
3153;10;I love The Beatles and know every song of theirs line for line.
3152;1;This is followed by "The Fool on the Hill," a simple tune with good keyboard work.
3152;2;this is a great collection of later Beatles......I'd buy it even if you allready have Penny Lane, I am The Walrus, Strawberry Fields, and All You Need Is Love because the other tracks (i.e. Blue Jay Way, Your Mother Should Know...etc..
3152;3;I think the reason for that is that the bad-[...] groove of the track is just too powerful and undeniably good.
3152;4;While not a masterpiece like the albums that preceded it (Revolver, Rubber Soul, Sgt. Pepper), Magical Mystery Tour is still a fine slice of psychaedelia, and sports some of Lennon and McCartney's best tunes.
3152;5;The digipacks are also a distinct improvement over jewel cases: they're more tactile and enjoyable to handle and read, and in MMT's case the 36-page booklet reproduces the entire original release (yes, including the comic) plus new contemporary pix and new historical and recording notes.
3152;6;'Your Mother Should Know' is sort of grandma, and sort of novelty but feels nice and at home on this freak out of an album.
3152;7;The title track, penned by McCartney, is similar to its predecessor's title track Sgt Pepper in that it is a carnival of sound with the band welcoming you, only this time on a wonderful trip.
3152;8;Fool on the hill: thoughtful lyrics, featuring piano, flute and brass (the tuba?)
3152;9;But it was a lot of fun while it lasted!
3152;10;Even though my hope and anticipation - key anticipation - was that "I'm the Walrus" was to receive the type of dynamic work that was demonstrated in the hybrid "Tomorrow Never Knows/Within You Without You" from the "Love" package release, of a couple of years ago.
3155;1;Rarely has there been an LP or CD that is so good that I am willing to shell out extra dollars in order to obtain a GOLD CD version of it.
3155;2;I don't know.if any of the Eagles members had a bad relationship with.a woman that inspired this track, or it's just about seeing.a woman and how she flies, but it's an interesting track.
3155;3;I don't know.if any of the Eagles members had a bad relationship with.a woman that inspired this track, or it's just about seeing.a woman and how she flies, but it's an interesting track.
3155;4;They truly give blood for this ballad
3155;5;I enjoy music while I read and this is a wonderful collection of the hits of a great group.
3155;6;A decade's music fans falling for the digital disc format made this among their first CDs home with the new player, ensuring its standing as music's all-time top seller.
3155;7;The album has classic rockers such as "Take It Easy" (an excellent song to drive and cruise to) and "Already Gone".
3155;8;I don't know.if any of the Eagles members had a bad relationship with.a woman that inspired this track, or it's just about seeing.a woman and how she flies, but it's an interesting track.
3155;9;This was the greatest music ever from The Eagles,the  early 70's.
3155;10;"Desperado" is one of the best songs The Eagles ever performed
3154;1;Also, I really enjoy Hard Candy it's a FUN dancable happy cd.
3154;2;An amazing album, it lived up to my expectations, and There's not one bad song on it!
3154;3;Peace and good luck, Madonna!
3154;4;this song made the fans thought that madonna will be sporting a "new hip hop sound."
3154;5;For people who are thinking about getting this cd and reading these reviews please understand that this is no "CONFESSIONS"because I have read that this is confessions with a hip-hop twist and I do not hear any techno from Madonna on this album maybe a little on "dance 2night"but this is no "CONFESSIONS" this cd is still great though.
3154;6;It is nice to see someone who has not become a victim of celebrity, but a true survivor who leads a clean life and is one heck of a business woman.
3154;7;And the ultra-positive "Give it to me" is one I play over and over in the car.
3154;8;I love the dance beats, and fun lyrics.
3154;9;I love the dance beats, and fun lyrics.
3154;10;It starts with heartbeats indeed...MILES AWAY :  Not a ballad but something very romantic :) I love it!
3148;1;This is not as good of an album as Moving pictures, but is a really fun album to revisit.
3148;2;The dark, warm colors, against a mostly black background, convey something more than just the experience of listening to a top-notch progressive hard-rock band(even though blue and white are actually very cold colors, the scheme is warm).
3148;3;The other pieces are good as well, but the first two parts are just plain brilliance...Other great songs include A Passage to Bangkok and Twilight Zone which also show off the band's ability at executing great instrumentals, but they don't really hold up to the sheer power of the title song.
3148;4;"The Grand Finale" was an awesome workout to end the piece.
3148;5;Wouldn't work if it came out today, but the point is, it didn't come out today...Now, I'll grant you that just like Bob Dylan, Neil Young, and many other greats, Geddy Lee's vocal is an acquired taste... but Neil Peart is an intelligent, literate, most interesting fellow (I've also read all of his books), and gifted lyricist.
3148;6;This is a great song in my opinion and songs like this are not written anymore...LESSONS - Lyrics by Alex Lifeson - This has a very happy feel to it with the acoustic guitar fading in with the drums and a clean electric doubling the chords.
3148;7;A Passage to Bangkok- A catchy little tune...perfect for traveling.
3148;8;The impact of this album comes from both the lyrics, which are hope as I said, but also from the breadth of emotion demostrated.
3148;9;Even the most skeptical of critics has to give them credit for that...But most of all, this album is just fun to listen to.
3148;10;Lee's "Tears" showed that he had stopped aping Led Zeppelin with a tender, even romantic love song that is a few steps above your average power ballad.
3149;1;Those are good albums too, but enjoy this real gem in 2112.
3149;2;This is a very heartfelt song about being stuck in a sad mood...-Something For Nothing-  An often overlooked rocker!
3149;3;If a song is 22 minutes long, it's gotta be good.
3149;4;"The Grand Finale" was an awesome workout to end the piece.
3149;5;For me, the heavy metal experience has always been the utter focus that comes from all the best experiences in life- this album takes you on a roller coaster ride from birth to dissillusionment, peace, and finally redemption and fiery death.
3149;6;Perhaps it's a nice treat for the buyer when they take these CDs home and discover them...This was the first CD I ever bought.
3149;7;"2112" brings you on a trip you don't soon forget.
3149;8;The impact of this album comes from both the lyrics, which are hope as I said, but also from the breadth of emotion demostrated.
3149;9;This album is the one that brought me to the Rush party.
3149;10;Lee's "Tears" showed that he had stopped aping Led Zeppelin with a tender, even romantic love song that is a few steps above your average power ballad.
3150;1;The production quality is very good so enjoy
3150;2;Gorgeous melodies, sad but hopeful lyrics brings this album to the top of my list for the year so far...Maybe its the times, but Coldplay has started something here, and its beautiful...
3150;3;First listen, uhhhh it all sounds the same, second listen---well there are a few catchy tunes, third listen, whoa, this is something good.
3150;4;"In My Place" is a beautiful song.
3150;5;A Rush lures you in and takes hold, gripping your focus as only fine art across the spectrum of arts is capable of doing.
3150;6;So I went to the record store and listed to some of it at the booth...and ended up taking it home!
3150;7;This is great for a long car trip, and is one of the few albums that I don't mind letting run through the whole way, because normally I like to skip around the CD.
3150;8;Singer Chris Martin has a very unconventional style and conveys pure emotion with ease, his tone of voice speaking even more deeply than the lyrics.
3150;9;The melodic "Can't Take It With You", his 2nd big hit "Two Pink Lines",  #19, a super story song, fun stuff, with good harmonica work by Michael Rapheal, and the strutting of "Livin' Part Of Life".
3150;10;THE SCIENTIST is a very romantic, haunting love song and is the albums most lush, heart-wrenching ballad.
3151;1;I really felt the spirit of the music...I can't say enough good things about this album, except that it made me happy.
3151;2;I could care less about "Octopus's Garden" but the rest is very good...Don't listen to the negative hype until you hear it for yourself.
3151;3;Some cds that are digitally remastered are very good, and some are unbelieveable like this one.
3151;4;I guess for some, it's just great sport to tear down something others love when you don't have an artistic bone in your body.
3151;5;But when I started to read reviews stating that it was a good album I became curious and decided to get it, luckily, my sister gave to me as a Christmas present... an what an excellent present it was!
3151;6;The way they have mixed the songs is very clean and the selection of songs is interesting and fun.
3151;7;I was pleasantly surprised, though, after listening to it completely through a couple times...while on a road trip...These two gentlemen put out an impressive piece of work with many creative, seamless, transitions... and it has become one my favorite Beatles album overnight...Sounds great through the car stereo too!
3151;8;The songs and sounds come through as though they were recorded "yesterday", as beautifully clear as a sonic artisan spring where the cool waters of creativity and emotion flow forth without a hint of crackle or distortion...I have listened to these songs all my life.
3151;9;The way they have mixed the songs is very clean and the selection of songs is interesting and fun.
3151;10;I love The Beatles and know every song of theirs line for line.
3144;1;With You....(B-)-Pretty good, although I didn't enjoy it as much as the others, but I didn't find myself skipping it...4.)
3144;2;I feel his pain and hope that every kid who was ever picked on look up to Chester because he really is a strong individual.
3144;3;It deals with the struggles of being a youth, and dealing with the good and bad times while growning up.
3144;4;Cure for the itch is a great scrattchy techno style turntable workout.
3144;5;I am so sick of typing, and I thank you for taking the time to read my review.
3144;6;And though I'm a true rocker, I'm only nine so linkin park is good because they take my favorite bands which all by the way are parental advisory and shoves them into a clean cd that truly rocks.
3144;7;This is a fun CD to listen to while driving.
3144;8;With an average song length just over 3 minutes, the songs are lean and to the point without any needless meandering...As the years pass into early adulthood, perhaps some of the lyrics don't quite resonate as much, but you can still hear the originality and emotion poured out.
3144;9;This is a fun CD to listen to while driving.
3144;10;Its great and I still love hearing it!
3145;1;I also enjoy it a lot for the variety of emotions that Gaye displays (and you can't help getting into his groove), ranging from an almost-disco hipness on the title track to the ethereal air of "Flying High", and the plaintive sadness of "Mercy Mercy Me" and "Save the Children."
3145;2;"Save The Children" is a sad, powerful, and deep song with Gaye using descriptive lyrics on how we are making a negative world for our children.
3145;3;Another call for peace, something in short supply these days...`Flying high in the friendly sky' is a gentle, even jazzier piece, which flows into the half spoken/half sung `Save the children', which flows into `God is love', a sunny religious song which showcases Marvin's vocal layering to good effect...`Mercy mercy me (the ecology project)' is similar in feel to `What's going on', but with lyrics about conservation and nature.
3145;4;Gaye's musings are backed with a full, jazzy, breezy sound, sporting a loose, yet gorgeous, array of strings, horns and Gaye's nicely positioned, overdubbed vocals.
3145;5;Well Mr. Gordy, Ecology is basically the study of how organisms interact and interrelate with their environment, and it was brilliant of Gaye to use that as the core idea for a song here because the idea fits into the album's concept perfectly.
3145;6;The home of such artists like Aretha Franklin, The Supremes and Marvin Gaye to name just a few.
3145;7;Great music to listen too while driving or at night going off to dream land.
3145;8;"Save The Children" is a sad, powerful, and deep song with Gaye using descriptive lyrics on how we are making a negative world for our children.
3145;9;Opening uniquely with a party in full swing then the clarion call of a beautiful alto sax, it commanded the immediate attention of everyone by its sheer originality.
3145;10;Pointing us to address different topics facing America at that time, polution, faith, love, mercy.
3146;1;If you enjoy good music, buy this.
3146;2;The pain in the lyrics is equally present in the music and voice.
3146;3;al., it's nice background music but a good history lesson for the young ones -- all the best albums had a "jam" on it in those days.
3146;4;Also, for this 30th anniversary re-issue of "All Things Must Pass," some extra goodies have been included, such as the excellent, previously unreleased song "I Live For You," a fine re-recording of "My Sweet Lord," with Harrison joined by his son Dhani on guitar and Sam Brown on vocals, and some extra jam sessions, including the fantastic 11-minute, head-bobbing workout, "Out Of The Blue," in which Harrison, Clapton & friends jam into pure rock heaven.
3146;5;I enjoyed reading the comments by George Harrison, and looking at the new photos.
3146;6;"What Is Life" shines as maybe the greatest symphonic rock ballad ever, while "The Ballad Of Sir Frankie Crisp (Let It Roll)", shows the humoristic side of George Harrison (SFC formerly was the owner of Friar Park, Harrison's magnificent house, and had a strange personality), "All Things Must Pass" was yet another Beatles left-over, and is a thrilling ballad which can make you chill, and "Art Of Dying" features the hardest-rocking solo Beatles song ever, with interesting and intriguing lyrics.
3146;7;Maybe it's the CD player in my car, but these two CDs generate a lot of sound, much more so than other CDs I've played and I've played MANY MANY!
3146;8;All right, maybe some of the spiritually tinged lyrics haven't aged well, even into and out of New Age passing fads, but you've got to understand this was (is) an epic undertaking in its day, both musically and spiritually.
3146;9;But the jams are just there basically to showcase how much fun the guys had together in the studio...as if the normal album wasn't enough evidence.
3146;10;1970 was a great year, perhaps the last great year for my taste, with George's spirituality and Clapton's romantic love both so openly displayed on their respective albums, both sharing the old Delaney and Bonnie rhythm section.
3147;1;I thoroughly enjoy this album as the beautiful music that it is, but also because of the Peanuts memories tied to its light & fun feel.
3147;2;This music  seems to be joyous and sad at the same time, as the best jazz can be.
3147;3;Among other things, listening to something beautiful can sometimes help to reset our perspective and understand that, if we can relax and find a little peace within ourselves...perhaps that can be the start of making the holidays enjoyable...For both young and old, this recording belongs in everyone's catalog.
3147;4;The music is outstanding, that we all know.
3147;5;I read really great reviews on the green vinyl version too.
3147;6;It's clean, it's warm and really incredible.
3147;7;we put it in our car during the holiday season and listen to it while driving.
3147;8;But, the lyrics represent a  feeling that the music on this cd embraces.
3147;9;Standards like "Linus and Lucy" (kids dancing at the rehearsal hall), "Christmastime Is Here" (kids singing outdoors), Guaraldi's inspired improvisation on "O Tannenbaum" (O Christmas Tree) and others make this album a beloved treasure, especially during the holiday season.
3147;10;I have to admit that I bought this specifically for the vocal rendition of "Christmastime is Here," but after playing the whole CD only a couple of times, I grew to love all of the songs on this CD!
3140;1;You do not even have to be a fan of Elton John to enjoy this work, anyone who has a turntable or SACD player and is in to good audio, through a BLURAY or DVD is going to be really happy about the gear they own.
3140;2;All the songs are good, there isn't a bad or weak track.
3140;3;All the songs are good, there isn't a bad or weak track.
3140;4;I bought this album when I was 10 years old, the day it was released.
3140;5;I was JUST learning to read well, and Bernie Taupin turned me onto a whole new appreciation for words with his work on this album.
3140;6;It has been beautifully mixed into 5.1 surround sound, and is so clean it is like hearing a brand new recording.
3140;7;It's a mostly upbeat album, with a few mellower songs (Candle in the Wind, Sweet Painted Lady, I've Seen That Movie Too) and makes for a great album to bring along on a road trip...It's not as compact and ragtime-ish as "Honkey Chateau", and not as personal as "Captain Fantastic", but it's downright fun the entire way through and will always stand as the pinnacle in Elton's career.
3140;8;This is Elton at his creative apex, and Bernie's lyrics are magical.
3140;9;"Jamaica Jerk - Off" is a fun, upbeat reggae number, followed by the powerful "I've Seen That Movie Too".
3140;10;Closing is the surreal "Harmony", a gorgeous love song that is to die for.
3141;1;"Monkey Man"...This song is also pretty good, I've always enjoyed this one...9.
3141;2;Which is not to say it's a bad cut, but it is the weakest track on an otherwise flawless album...All told, 9 cuts, 4 that almost everyone will know, 4 more that are every bit as good as "the hits" and the one so-so track by Richards.
3141;3;A good listen to relax and to get pumped up
3141;4;A good listen to relax and to get pumped up
3141;5;These are some of the lamest reviews I've ever read for one of the greatest albums ever made.
3141;6;track, as the recording's evocative success come close to the down home blues.
3141;7;Charlie Watts who is frequently forgotten when the Stones are discussed, as always propels the track along with indecent drive, theres some lovely slide guitar from Keith Richards and Ian Stewart (the Stones equivlent to Billy Preston) adds the funky Piano licks...As a previous reviewer has stated, and as I indicated at the start of my review, if you have this album, Sticky Fingers and Exile on Main Street you have the Stones at the very height of their powers.
3141;8;I heard this in the early 70's and these are the real Rolling Stones lyrics...more good songs on this Stones album than any other, IMHO.have a drink and listen.
3141;9;This song is fun & rather AMUSING to listen to...4.
3141;10;Love it, love it, love it.
3142;1;I just bought the DVD rather than the Blu Ray and it is fantastic.
3142;2;love it blue ray audio sound quality is superb, but i love quality vinyl as well, so much better than mp3, better dynamics, great clarity, pretty warm sound to these ears, possibly not as warm as vinyl, no worries of snap cradles pops
3142;3;These mixes are as good as the King Crimson mixes that Wilson has done.
3142;4;Rather amazing actually, so true and faithful to the original mix as to be spooky similar, but without the inherent layer of noise and distortion the final 2 track stereo tape format mandates and more importantly also losing whatever deterioration had occurred to that 2 track master tape over the years.
3142;5;And it made me want to start reading about ancient history and real life mysteries which led to Chariots Of The Gods and all sorts of other books.
3142;6;It is as though the window to the world of this creation has now been so smartly cleaned that the glass has all but disappeared.
3142;7;It sounds so smooth and good, it is great to listen to while driving or while working around the house and it being background noise.
3142;8;The opening theme is such an atonal frenzy, then the "follow the bouncing ball" lyrics, moving into the sheer beauty of the I Get Up section-it is one of those compositions that runs the whole gamut of emotions.
3142;9;best yes album ever made and the 5.1 is fun to listen too
3142;10;I feel a kinship with all of you who have come here to express your fellow love and fond nostalgia for these sounds from our youth.
3143;1;Excellent platter,  fantastic shape, great packing, great seller, good price.
3143;2;The singleness of every one of them and the perfect vocal and harmonic balance singing Judy blue eyes, Our house, Carry on, Southern man plus the impressive domain of their twelve strings guitars, conferred for them the fabulous adjective of constitute the American response to the Beatles during their very brief existence...Stephen Stills, Graham Nash, David Crosby and Neil Young illuminated with high voltage and best spirits the stage on that evening of August 1969.
3143;3;This album is so good, I almost cut my hair.
3143;4;Whether it was gentle, soulful ballads, infectious pop standards, or four guitar rock workouts, CSN&Y proved that they could, and did, it all with equal ease.
3143;5;A classic and always great!
3143;6;Think in Our house , a superb ballad , in contrast you have Woodstock .
3143;7;The latter is a piano driven track with both a great hook and melody.
3143;8;Neil Young sings his  songs with hearfelt emotion.
3143;9;My favorite song on this recording is "Almost Cut MY Hair" It just brings back so many fun memories of how things really were back in the day.
3143;10;I have always loved CSN&Y and was not disappointed with this album.
3136;1;From the beginning, Black Sabbath had the right formula: good vocals singing strong lyrics, a varied guitar sound between gloomy and happy, strong bass influence and tight, consistant drumming.
3136;2;"Wicked World" and the track 5 medley are pretty average, but not bad enough to bring the album down from its high 5.
3136;3;2 vinyls recording is amazing price is good.
3136;4;This is a 14-minute-plus extended blues jam workout that you can just picture how much fun the band had while playing it.
3136;5;I got goosebumps reading that.
3136;6;True it's no audiophile recording, but you can really hear inside the details, and the sound is full-bodied and clean.
3136;7;The drums are incredible and wide ranging and the combination of bass and drums drive this band to greatness.
3136;8;The lyrics on the songs told some interesting tales, and the guitar was out of this world.
3136;9;The Hippies are dancing around singing about peace and free love, and there goes Sabbath with ther ominous darkness to crush them all.
3136;10;this is Black Sabbath's first album and I love it.
3137;1;I enjoy listening to their special style of music and although it is not as classical as Jimmy Hendrix it is still good music.
3137;2;Once the song was done since I have a bad habit in playing one more time the songs I enjoy, "Peace of Mind" came on, with which its exciting acoustic guitar playing again became a true instant rock n roll classic tune.
3137;3;Once the song was done since I have a bad habit in playing one more time the songs I enjoy, "Peace of Mind" came on, with which its exciting acoustic guitar playing again became a true instant rock n roll classic tune.
3137;4;Nothing else sounds like Boston did back then and what a great time it was.
3137;5;Fast forward a lifetime and I read that these discs are out as a Tom Scholz remaster.
3137;6;Boston's 1976 debut album countering both the Progressive Invasion from the UK and disco frenzy back home became the fitting album to commemorate bicentennial mood and filled the need for Americans to get the music of their own that can be really proud of.
3137;7;The pervasive rapid striking of the tambourine sets this song apart from the previous track: "Peace" is a more upbeat and driving song...3.
3137;8;The lyrics are so positive and the music so grand it is great to see this recording get its due.
3137;9;"Rock and Roll Band"- This song is a fun little tune and wouldn't be out of place in a party.
3137;10;I love this album it's one of my favorite's every track is absolutely fantastic, and I love Brad Delp's voice his high hitting notes coupled with the rest of the band make every song on here a classic, every song is a new experience is just unbelievably put together
3138;1;I found this to be one of my most favorite AC/DC  band studio albums I own so far, The music on here is strictly hard rock, with great guitar, well played drums, and bass and a good voice from the singer, this album is fantastic, though not recommended for some offended religious people.
3138;2;This album is an excellent collection of love songs (lol), that really tell the story of how a rock band deals with groupies and bimbos, but written brilliantly to express the positive and negative emotions involved in one-night stands.
3138;3;The sound is quite good.
3138;4;This is indeed a great album.
3138;5;The linear notes are interesting to read and the new photos are spectacular.
3138;6;The sound is clean and clear.
3138;7;It's a great CD to crank up on your CD player or while your driving you car or while your relaxing by the pool.
3138;8;awesome songs,great lyrics,bons vocals are wonderful,mal and angus guitars sound and perform great(as always) cliffs bass and phils drumming fit together perfectly!
3138;9;AC/DC prooved that rock doesn't have to be complicated, it's just about having fun... and this album proves it to the fullest.
3138;10;this album took a little time to work on me,now i love it!!!!
3139;1;Aenima isn't as good as Undertow, but it's a fantastic album in its own right.
3139;2;The lyrics are great...meaningful, amusing, angry, sad, etc.
3139;3;Drumming is godly in this album, and the music itself is amazing and it now puts me in a good mood rather than a bad mood.
3139;4;Stripping the body of flesh, it swarms into the psyche, and swims its way through the spiritual realm.
3139;5;But, as Keenan writes in "AEnema," "Try and read between the lines," I found that careful attention revealed that Tool possesses as much lyrical intuitivism as musical insight.
3139;6;The albms title track (AEnima [duh]) is a track that is filled meaningful lyrics and a metal riff that will allow you to feel the music in your own home.
3139;7;Upbeat and driven...I realize that their later releases are regarded as superior...but from a cat looking at this from a reverse angle, this to me is their best.
3139;8;The lyrics are great...meaningful, amusing, angry, sad, etc.
3139;9;It has those heavy tracks that are fun to listen to and are the first ones to grab your attention: Stinkfist, Eulogy, Forty Six and Two and the songs that you'll appreciate gradually, for example Third Eye.
3139;10;But going through my old tapes, I found a couple albums by Tool that I just love.
3199;1;It's a pretty good song, and Harper proves he can sing progressive rock...And of course 'Welcome To The Machine' and 'Wish You Were Here' rank as some of PF's all-time best songs...Overall, if you've never listened to 'Wish You Were Here' and you really enjoyed 'Dark Side Of The Moon,' 'The Wall' and 'Meddle,' or you are new to Pink Floyd's legendary music, than buy it.
3199;2;Not that those three are bad, they just take more work from us to let it get under our skin
3199;3;coupled with the included download code for the 320kbps mp3 version of the album I think this is a good deal.
3199;4;It also happens to be my favorite track on the album, so rich and textured, with a beautiful acoustic guitar and Roger Waters' best lyrics ("We're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl, year after year.")
3199;5;The songwriting is excellent and focuses on a more serious theme.
3199;6;And the group's sound began to change, with the gritty and rough sound present on Meddle and Dark Side becoming more slick and clean...That transition was still in its early stages.
3199;7;But this is the type album that really benefits from full sized speakers driven by a bit of power...Recommencded
3199;8;It deserves that much-overused description: an instant classic, with witty but sad and poignant lyrics to match.
3199;9;And I hope they remember me for all the fun we had and the games we played.
3199;10;If you love pink Floyd and great service then you are in luck.
3198;1;Fantastic song and simply one of the band's best...So overall, Master of Puppets is an epic powerhouse of a thrash-metal album, showcasing how good of a band Metallica actually was at the time.
3198;2;mind blowing album,every song is tight and well written and played my favorite is orion it reminds me of meeting cliff burton when i was 14 they opened for ozzy and blew him off the stage,this is definitely one of the best speed metal albums ever made, its sad that metallica sold their souls to lame boring music, if cliff wouldnt have died i truly believe they would still be amazing!
3198;3;The drumming is great Lars really did a good job on this album (too bad I think he's lost that fire he had back in '86).
3198;4;This is the only Metallica attempt to a concept album, against the abuse of power in many ways, and the result is astonishing: the music is powerful but very refined and all the members of the band perform at their best.
3198;5;Every rave you've read and heard is accurate.
3198;6;Overall, great song...Welcome Home (Sanitarium) - It starts off slow and creepy, but it's still one of my favorites.
3198;7;James Hetfield churns out some excellent riffs and offers up some genuine intensity with his vocal performance
3198;8;But the guitar is mind blowing, and the lyrics are bad a**!
3198;9;I was at a college party, and I started going through the cassettes of a friend of mine.
3198;10;This moves at an extremely fast pace, and may take you a couple of days to get into it, then ull love it...2.
3197;1;life is tough some times.man that tune cuts you to the core.every composition has its own story to tell,so what, with that mysterious intro and laid back feel , freedie freeloader, with its uptown strut, its happy go lucky approach, all blues with its strolling down the street ,enjoying the sights and sound of a casual walk.
3197;2;My many thanks to Mr. Davis for speaking to my heart and  soul and knowing what "kind of blue" is... This is the definition  of jazz as far as I'm concerned.
3197;3;By the start of the second song, she was calm and relaxed.
3197;4;Fix yourself a good drink, turn the lights off and light a cig.
3197;5;If you are interested enough to read a review on it, you  must own it.
3197;6;Grant  Green's guitar-organ-drums trio, Talkin' About cooks, while Larry Young's  Unity kicks with some fine organ work!
3197;7;That influence traveled outside the realm of jazz and seeped into other musical scopes as well.
3197;8;Its emotion, passion, and skill runs deep.
3197;9;Herbie Hancock's Takin' Off is a funky fun one.
3197;10;Specially though, musicians will love this  for the musical freedom & beauty it has.
3196;1;I had the record album years ago -- I'm so happy that I can enjoy it again on CD!
3196;2;Help me through some bad times and helped me to remember some good times.
3196;3;Help me through some bad times and helped me to remember some good times.
3196;4;The emotional backing behind these songs is  superb and realistic.
3196;5;I encourage you to read them.
3196;6;Cleaned it up with my record vacuum.
3196;7;I and purchasing the CD so I can continue to play it in my car.
3196;8;Her lyrics (happy and sad) don't just come alive, they're bursting with life-force as much as her music is bursting with worldclass melodies and rhythms.
3196;9;It is fun to listen to some of the older stuff sometimes.
3196;10;bought it for girlfriend and she loves it.
3195;1;I lways enjoyed rock music, but when I heard "Good Times Bad Times" on the AM radio I was sold on this band.
3195;2;This truly inventive record created a new sound that bulldozed its way through the music world with its awesome power leaving everyone else trailing in its wake , it laid down the blueprint for the classic Zep albums that were to follow and inspired a host of pale imitators that were to give this music a bad name ... Definitely one of the most momentous debuts of all time !
3195;3;The album starts out with "good times bad times" and ends with "how many more times" and you just start a giant blimp ride to the top of the sky and you feel like you are owning a piece of history!
3195;4;"I Can't Quit You Baby" is another excellent workout of a Willie Dixon song, and really demonstrates Jimmy Page's gutiar skills (his solos are magnificent).
3195;5;It should be studied for science.
3195;6;Plant's vocals are good, he doesn't scream all of the time, his vocals tended to deteriorate with each album and by Houses of the Holy he sounds as if he is using helium.
3195;7;"I Can't Quit You Baby" is an  excellent bluesy trip.
3195;8;This truly inventive record created a new sound that bulldozed its way through the music world with its awesome power leaving everyone else trailing in its wake , it laid down the blueprint for the classic Zep albums that were to follow and inspired a host of pale imitators that were to give this music a bad name ... Definitely one of the most momentous debuts of all time !
3195;9;How Many More Times - Heavy Blues ong, ver fun to listen to, great guitar work.See?
3195;10;I have loved this album since 1970 and continued to love it to this day.
3194;1;I had the record album years ago -- I'm so happy that I can enjoy it again on CD!
3194;2;She's clearly wondered why people are always sad but she believes that one is as beautiful as one feels.
3194;3;Help me through some bad times and helped me to remember some good times.
3194;4;This is the greatest album that Carole King ever recorded.
3194;5;I like reading sagas so this was right up my alley.
3194;6;One of my favourites here is "Home Again," about wanting to return home and having someone to talk to after being on the road.
3194;7;He plays in the car and enjoys it.
3194;8;Her lyrics (happy and sad) don't just come alive, they're bursting with life-force as much as her music is bursting with worldclass melodies and rhythms.
3194;9;It is fun to listen to some of the older stuff sometimes.
3194;10;bought it for girlfriend and she loves it.
3193;1;The booklet provides a nice essay and pleanty of great photos...Years later, this is still one of the best albums I've ever heard for good fun rock and roll.
3193;2;And every once in a blue moon there is a very special brand of record that everyone (yes EVERYONE) loves.
3193;3;Like the last song says it just "makes good, good sense."
3193;4;Even more rare is a band that has more than one album in which every every song on it is superb.
3193;5;Read on to find out what makes this album so great.
3193;6;Although the digipacks may wear a little too easy, the sound is terrific, clean and muscular, enhancing the raw qualities of the original record.
3193;7;Blast it in your car and drive down an interstate... you'll probably get a speeding ticket, but it's worth it.
3193;8;The album's brutal beats, crisp guitar grooves, and delightfully guttural vocals offer a kind of raw redemption for the the band's debasing lyrics.
3193;9;"Shoot To Thrill" follows, a fast-paced number which would make a good dance song for parties or night clubs.
3193;10;let me put my love into you is a very romantic but still heavy rock classic it has shades of kiss in the singing department but don't worry if you don't like kiss its the only song on the album where they even resemble kiss.
3192;1;Besides hits like "Paranoid Android" and "Karma Police," OK Computer is loaded with good songs that provoke intense emotion from start to finish, from the sadness in "Let Down" to the eeriness in "Climbing up the Walls."
3192;2;The last track simulates the awakening from a dream - one that seems so real, that is so ageless as to have constructed a complete universe as its backdrop, one from which departure actually makes the dreamer sad, as though he's left an entire lifetime behind....
3192;3;"Karma Police" is a great piano-based ballad about a good person  named Karma getting revenge on the people that treated her bad.
3192;4;"Subterranian Homesick Alien"
3192;5;But if you do, keeping in mind the subjective nature of music, I hope you can allow yourself to drop any pride at the door and read on ahead anyway...Let's go back a few years.
3192;6;So you wake up next to your beautiful wife, in your beautiful house.
3192;7;This album gives me a different perspective on loneliness, paranoia, love, life, economics, space travel and seemingly anything I dare to question.
3192;8;He's definitely a unique-sounding singer who can take the emotion of the lyrics and musicianship that much further with any song in which he sings.
3192;9;Stuff to listen to at the end of a party when you're chilling on a couch...Lucky: Wonderfully sung ballad with great musical sound.
3192;10;Climbing Up The Walls- I used to dislike this song but now, after listening to it for a couple years, I love it so much I came on here solely to update this review and say how brilliant it is...10.
3191;1;"I Should Have Known Better" is another love song, a happy tune with harmonica, double-tracked Lennon vocal and strummy guitars.
3191;2;This the most thrilling, Any Time At All, Tell Me Why, Things We Said Today, A Hard Day's Night, I Should Have Known Better, And I Love Her -- there is simply not a bad song on here!
3191;3;This the most thrilling, Any Time At All, Tell Me Why, Things We Said Today, A Hard Day's Night, I Should Have Known Better, And I Love Her -- there is simply not a bad song on here!
3191;4;This album took me back to when I received it many years ago, but with a bonus.
3191;5;This album took me back to when I received it many years ago, but with a bonus.
3191;6;One song that was my least favorite on here, When I Get Home, even THAT sounds wonderful!
3191;7;And there is a freshness and a joy that no later album truly has...I put it in the Bose stereo in my car and found myself singing along with it.
3191;8;It's the great John Lennon at 100% sincere and heartfelt (which with John means a LOT), the lyrics are beautiful and the delivery is absolute perfection
3191;9;Still, they make it work with a catchy melody and nice hook "just to dance with, oh-oh" and great backing vocals by John and Paul.
3191;10;"She gives me everhthing, and tenderly, the kiss my lover brings, she brings to me, and I love her."
3190;1;Have long enjoyed the other early LedZep albums, is nice to finally get this one, and it has good low frequency content.
3190;2;The cover art detail is spectacular, love that negative image on the back cover!!
3190;3;fast delivery and good product
3190;4;lots of blues workouts on "the lemon song", "heartbreaker", and "bring it on home", if that's your thing.
3190;5;I recall reading a couple of good discussions of the history of the releases, somewhere on line, that discussed all that was wrong and attempted to assign blame.
3190;6;Whole lotta love was ok but I likied the bluesy "Lemon Song", "Bring It On Home" was a classic too.....
3190;7;LP side one and side two really exploded for openers, taking you on a trip that stays with you.
3190;8;-Ramble On, has in my openion the bands best lyrics besides "Stairway To Heaven" it has a great slide riff and once again its one of Roberts best Vocal performances 5/5.
3190;9;This is Zep having the most fun they ever had, and making groudbreaking music at the same time.
3190;10;Whole lotta love was ok but I likied the bluesy "Lemon Song", "Bring It On Home" was a classic too.....
3189;1;Human Nature and The Lady in My Life are both good tracks, featuring some great bass and Jacksons more sensitive side, but still never live up to the catchiness and fun of the middle of the album.
3189;2;With this album Michael wanted to an album with no fillers and whether or not he planned it he accomplished much more than that...There are plenty of great songs to be found here just take a look at the track listing
3189;3;Some of his older albums are good, and I like Bad, Dangerous, Blood on the Dance floor alittle better.
3189;4;The dance-funk them comes back in full force with "P.Y.T" which sports one of the best pure dance-beats on the entire album...Thriller then closes out with the somewhat underwhelming "The Lady in my Life" ending the album on a soft, melancholy note.
3189;5;Van Halen was in the process of releasing "1984", one of the top hard rock and party albums in history, so he was in good company, along with McCartney, who needs no introduction..."Thriller" maybe in a way is darker than "Off The Wall", but in the end, the focus is on music that is fun to listen to, full of enthusiasm, and is perfect dance music for clubs and parties.
3189;6;I hear her playing it every morning while she cleans the house...The quality is wonderful and it sounds great!
3189;7;Now, in my car, I can take the time to listen closely to a classic!
3189;8;Musically it's among the strongest here, and although the lyrics may be a little corny, Michael makes the song so memorable that any minor objections you can come up with are swept away by his performance and the strength of the actual music itself.
3189;9;Van Halen was in the process of releasing "1984", one of the top hard rock and party albums in history, so he was in good company, along with McCartney, who needs no introduction..."Thriller" maybe in a way is darker than "Off The Wall", but in the end, the focus is on music that is fun to listen to, full of enthusiasm, and is perfect dance music for clubs and parties.
3189;10;When the album ends, it does so on a random note
3188;1;Human Nature and The Lady in My Life are both good tracks, featuring some great bass and Jacksons more sensitive side, but still never live up to the catchiness and fun of the middle of the album.
3188;2;With this album Michael wanted to an album with no fillers and whether or not he planned it he accomplished much more than that...There are plenty of great songs to be found here just take a look at the track listing
3188;3;Some of his older albums are good, and I like Bad, Dangerous, Blood on the Dance floor alittle better.
3188;4;The dance-funk them comes back in full force with "P.Y.T" which sports one of the best pure dance-beats on the entire album...Thriller then closes out with the somewhat underwhelming "The Lady in my Life" ending the album on a soft, melancholy note.
3188;5;Forget everything you know about wacko jacko today and focus on the great music.
3188;6;I hear her playing it every morning while she cleans the house...The quality is wonderful and it sounds great!
3188;7;Wanted to be able to play it in my car so I ordered the CD.
3188;8;Musically it's among the strongest here, and although the lyrics may be a little corny, Michael makes the song so memorable that any minor objections you can come up with are swept away by his performance and the strength of the actual music itself.
3188;9;Van Halen was in the process of releasing "1984", one of the top hard rock and party albums in history, so he was in good company, along with McCartney, who needs no introduction..."Thriller" maybe in a way is darker than "Off The Wall", but in the end, the focus is on music that is fun to listen to, full of enthusiasm, and is perfect dance music for clubs and parties.
3188;10;When the album ends, it does so on a random note
3187;1;I enjoyed listening to this CD very much because of the good musical coordination in the arrangements.
3187;2;Although Led Zeppelin has never put out a bad album, this one may stand above the rest as their musical masterpiece.
3187;3;Offering a good balance of acoustic ballads and heavier tracks.
3187;4;Physical Graffiti was well written musically with a great balance of acoustic and electric guitar.
3187;5;And I love "Houses of the Holy," but "Graffiti" has the sound of a much more mature, focused band.
3187;6;Great album love the music the clarity is great not like back in the day were one would have to clean the album and the stylus to get a good sound.
3187;7;Driving Through Kashmir is not only a rough orchestra mix but it also lets you peek at early alternate lyrics and song structure
3187;8;Throughout the entire album though is the fantastic drumming of John Bonham - I love listening to what he is doing - his drum parts really make each track come alive...This remastered CD is OK and features lyrics and recording credits - the CD booklet is not nearly as cool as my old record though.
3187;9;Even on some of the bonus tracks that bear great similarity to the album version, it's fun to hear the subtle variations that set them apart.
3187;10;Fell completely in love with Tangerine.
3186;1;One of the better offerings from last season, this is a great example of the type of of Christmas album I enjoy most (and I know some others don't) The covers are freshened up with new flavor as is done in "Winter Wonderland'/Don't Worry be Happy" but also some original songs such as the title track (which, along with 'Let it Go', proved to be year-round ear worms that I didn't really mind at all) .
3186;2;Great songs for the season.
3186;3;If you look at this seasons releases, it's going to be a good one, and this one, released early, is the star...Also, Let It Go, (the bonus cut) will have you singing along, (luckily I was in house).
3186;4;Great songs for the season.
3186;5;Great songs for the season.
3186;6;If you look at this seasons releases, it's going to be a good one, and this one, released early, is the star...Also, Let It Go, (the bonus cut) will have you singing along, (luckily I was in house).
3186;7;The entire family agrees this is a group worth listening to, so we have all their material and play it in the car when we are together.
3186;8;The songs are traditional lyrics but the style is new and fresh.
3186;9;Full of fun and nicely done!
3186;10;I sent out 22 of their Christmas piece last year
3185;1;Not as good as "Red" in my opinion but I enjoy this too.
3185;2;This Love: 10/10 The "Sad Beautiful Tragic" of 1989.
3185;3;Not as good as "Red" in my opinion but I enjoy this too.
3185;4;Great, catchy tunes, wonderful workout music.
3185;5;There's no one else really like her out there making pop music
3185;6;I clean the house to this.
3185;7;And because my KIDS really liked that song, too, I ended up getting them the CD for Christmas...Well, we started listening to it in the car, and I was so shocked to realize that I kind of love it.
3185;8;Its pop music with thoughtful lyrics and real emotion, something that is often missing these days.
3185;9;The songs are pop-y and fun, but also original and interesting.
3185;10;This was a christmas gift for my boyfriend who loves Taylor Swift.
3184;1;But It is a fantastic classic metal album that came out in (1991) it has a couple softer guitar driven songs but most of this CD is Pure Metal I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys metal and likes rock music period...12 songs and about 1 hour and 2 minutes at full listen
3184;2;This album is a classic, Idon't know what are people's negative views on this album.
3184;3;It's also fair to say that their best ever albums are their 3rd ("Master of Puppets"), 2nd ("Ride the Lightning"), 4th ("And Justice For All") ones and in that order too...However, this the 5th album isn't all bad
3184;4;The God That Failed features Hammet's most underrated  solo of all-time, it is truly great.
3184;5;When I read the title to this song, I thought it was about the difference between wolves and humans.
3184;6;I have all the Met albums right here in my house, and this is definately the best of them (far outdistancing any other besides Master of Puppets, not to discount any of their other great albums, of course).
3184;7;The result is an album that can be played in the car and still  sounds like it's being performed live.
3184;8;Unlike other metal bands Mettallica's lyrics mean something (The unforgiven)A great c.d and what I still think is there best work.
3184;9;Dont tread on me, the struggle within, through the never, holier than thou, and of wolf and man are the fastest songs on the cd and very fun to listen to and jump around to!
3184;10;"Through the Never"- I love the intro riff!
3182;1;'Sweet Child O' Mine' though deserves all of the credit it is given - fantastic lyrics coupled with some killer guitar work from Slash make this one a classic...So, the above are the tracks which most people will know - however, the other 8 tracks the album has to offer are just as good, if not better and deserve just as much credit in my opinion.
3182;2;They're not bad, they're better than most songs of its type, it just that they pale in comparison to the rest of the album...GN'R saved one of the best for last with the Zeppelin like "Rocket Queen."
3182;3;They are of very good quality.
3182;4;And now, almost two decades later, one can still spot kids sporting a Gun N' Roses t-shirt.
3182;5;Families can talk about the focus and hours of practice that go into the guitar work and how it could influence people to pick up a guitar.
3182;6;More ever one in five American homes has this album in their collection so chances are that kids born from 1980 on have heard this album and almost anyone who listens to rock music heard songs from this record.
3182;7;I have vivid memories of driving my friends car into the middle of his woods, cranking up his radio and drinking till we all passed out.
3182;8;"Sweet Child O' Mine" may have been the best power ballad of the era and featured a great singalong guitar line from Slash and another great lyric and hook ("Where do we go?
3182;9;Although Guns N' Roses are overrated in the annals of rock history, Appetite for Destruction is one of the great party albums and one of the best hard rock discs of the 1980's.
3182;10;In fact, the dramatic conflict between Devil Woman and her sweet, melodic yang--the Axl who sings such lines as "Her hair reminds me of a warm, safe place" and "If you want to love me, then darling, don't refrain"--is precisely what resulted in Guns N' Roses' greatest songs.
3183;1;'Sweet Child O' Mine' though deserves all of the credit it is given - fantastic lyrics coupled with some killer guitar work from Slash make this one a classic...So, the above are the tracks which most people will know - however, the other 8 tracks the album has to offer are just as good, if not better and deserve just as much credit in my opinion.
3183;2;They're not bad, they're better than most songs of its type, it just that they pale in comparison to the rest of the album...GN'R saved one of the best for last with the Zeppelin like "Rocket Queen."
3183;3;Its got everything a good rock album should have
3183;4;And now, almost two decades later, one can still spot kids sporting a Gun N' Roses t-shirt.
3183;5;Thank you very much for reading my post...This is in my personal opinion the best hard rock album of all-time..."Appetite For Destruction" came out in the late 80's and basically took the.
3183;6;One thing that it does showcase is Axl's great clean vocals when he sings the chorus.
3183;7;I have vivid memories of driving my friends car into the middle of his woods, cranking up his radio and drinking till we all passed out.
3183;8;Its got everything a good rock album should have
3183;9;After that, come "You're Crazy" and "Anything Goes," both lots of fun and tracks you will never tire of.
3183;10;If you are a Guns N' Roses fan you'll love every single song in this album like me.
3180;1;Really enjoy the flow of the album, and the emotions involved are something you really do not see in music today!
3180;2;This is definitely an album about love, the good and bad.
3180;3;This is definitely an album about love, the good and bad.
3180;4;I have no doubt whatsoever that this album will be a huge winner at next year's Grammys.
3180;5;I have no doubt whatsoever that this album will be a huge winner at next year's Grammys.
3180;6;Sam Smith voice is undeniable, its so clean and clear.
3180;7;His voice is so awesome.....I love to listen to it whenever I'm driving my car.
3180;8;Love his voice, lyrics and emotion in his work.
3180;9;He has that voice that gave fun, dissapointment, heartbreak, and all the emotions in between.
3180;10;A good CD to listen to when you have a relationship problems or just broke up with your boyfriend or girlfriend.
3181;1;Very good compilation by the late great Bob Marley, good buy if you enjoy reggae music and a follower of Bob.
3181;2;Although no Bob Marley tune is bad, these songs are exceptional.
3181;3;A great summer's day album to play whilst relaxing in your yard and equally good music to play in the background of a nice social gathering.
3181;4;The songs portray a wide scale of emotions too.
3181;5;While I would be ecstatic to have read that all the Island/Tuff Gong Marley titles were getting released instead of this "Best Of" collection, I'll take what I can get.
3181;6;It is a great cd to listen to at a party, and I know I have heard it many times at lots of house parties in my college days.
3181;7;Though "Songs of Freedom" is the ideal Marley, "Legend" is great for that one CD to take in your car.
3181;8;The songs portray a wide scale of emotions too.
3181;9;"Buffalo Soldier" is a fun song to sing.
3181;10;This has some of the sexiest reggae songs on it, and my  girlfriend loves it, some of it is very romantic music.
3178;1;Very happy with my purchase.
3178;2;Solid A Great album with no bad songs Very pleased
3178;3;Solid A Great album with no bad songs Very pleased
3178;4;Solid A Great album with no bad songs Very pleased
3178;5;Solid A Great album with no bad songs Very pleased
3178;6;great chill cd, country with a blues vibe, i is a great cd to play while working around the house.
3178;7;Would recommend it to all commuters, who stress-out while driving.
3178;8;Solid A Great album with no bad songs Very pleased
3178;9;It's not a Friday night party record, but something I'm confident I'll be listening to for many years to come.
3178;10;I love every minute of this CD.
3179;1;That part is on the verge of fun, but this song has such musical emotion through Prince's amazing lead guitar work, and the amazing rhythm section of the very missed Revolution.
3179;2;Hearing the unedited Computer Blue I realized this is the greatest song he ever did to date.
3179;3;Even the inner tracks that always tend to sound crappier than the tracks on the outer edge of the LP sound good, clean and clear.
3179;4;Topping it off is "The Beautiful Ones", a personal favorite of mine - it's one of the most intense, cathartic songs I've ever heard.
3179;5;He has committed fully to his work, and so will you...Purple Rain is the rare album that is perfect to throw on at party, but also holds up through a pair of headphones with all of your focus on every note.
3179;6;Even the inner tracks that always tend to sound crappier than the tracks on the outer edge of the LP sound good, clean and clear.
3179;7;It is magnificently eccentric, and it feels like it's driven by a force and a spirit rarely seen in popular music.
3179;8;The lyrics are fun, yet are sad at the same time.
3179;9;Every song is great, and there's even several classics here - "Let's Go Crazy" (which is just a KILLER dance track - this has GOT to be the best party song EVER RECORDED (and I'm not exaggerating here, unless you hate pop music)!)
3179;10;Final verdict:  if you love this album, you want this version.
3176;1;This is a very good song.
3176;2;The greatest song on here is "one" and with all the bad reviews I'v read, no one even mentioned how great that song is!!
3176;3;A much better anti-government track on the album is "The Shortest Straw", which actually uses catchy phrases and metaphors and has a good verse AND chorus...However, "Eye of the Beholder" isn't bad enough to bring the whole album down with it, and so And Justice for All still towers and a hateful, angry, searing metal masterpiece.
3176;4;It has the perfect mix of music, that you should play for anything, marathon, biking, gym, kayaking.
3176;5;The greatest song on here is "one" and with all the bad reviews I'v read, no one even mentioned how great that song is!!
3176;6;The production is very clean,and crisp.and as a bonus you get the best CD cover ever designed.
3176;7;The song towards the end turns into a thrash ballad, with two paragraphs of misery described in Hetfield's rough, angry scream..."Harvester of Sorrow" is anotherm highpoint of the album, featuring a great opening riff, and very well-written lyrics about a suburban man driven to the edge.
3176;8;"Frayed Ends of Sanity" and "Eye of the Beholder" are great as well, but the nearly ten minute instrumental epic "To Live is to Die" is a touching tribute to Cliff Burton, now this is musicianship when you can hear the emotion in the music, not the lyrics.
3176;9;Love songs and party songs that are considered uplifting are usually based in denial and mindlessness.
3176;10;This shows some very mature songwriting, while still staying true to thrash, something the Black album didn't always do(don't get me wrong, I love the Black album, but it's certainly not as thrashy as this).
3177;1;This is music good enough to be enjoyed by fans of all different genre of music, the songs were all pretty and there wasn't a bad one.
3177;2;Norah is a rare talent that comes along once in a blue moon.
3177;3;This is music good enough to be enjoyed by fans of all different genre of music, the songs were all pretty and there wasn't a bad one.
3177;4;In addition to the two albums I had mentioned before, it also carries the essence sported by Susheela Raman's stunning album 'Salt Rain', and by Vanessa Paradis' 2000 album 'Bliss'.
3177;5;Everything positive you've heard and/or read is true.
3177;6;I didn't listen to the rest til I got home and what a treat!
3177;7;She then majored in jazz piano at the University of North Texas for two years...She then took a trip to New York and while this started as a summer vacation, Norah was soon found herself hanging around local songwriters and became inspired to write some original songs... "The music scene is so huge.
3177;8;It surprises me how much power the music and lyrics contain considering the somber mood of most of the songs.
3177;9;It's a tender portrait of a seven-year old girl, who's "Spinning, laughing, dancing to her favorite song/A little girl with nothing wrong/And she's all alone."
3177;10;I love Norah Jones' cd "Come Away with Me" and hope that she continues to stay around producing romantic ballads for a long time.
3174;1;On first listen the music and lyrics draw you in to a fun and serious ride of emotion, humor and tie'ins to some awesome tracks by other artists.
3174;2;A great CD from Eminem, not his best, a little different, but this album has some absolutely incredible songs like Bad Guy and Headlights.
3174;3;If you're new to rap and haven't picked it up yet, buy it together with The Slim Shady LP (almost as good) Too bad Eminem couldn't keep up at this high level longer, he were really amazing at this time.
3174;4;This is a great record.
3174;5;I hope after reading this review, you will go take a very good listen to this album and realize how good it is, and if you don't have it, you will buy it.
3174;6;This was always in the car and always in the stereo at home.
3174;7;He gave me a gift after I traveled Europe.
3174;8;On first listen the music and lyrics draw you in to a fun and serious ride of emotion, humor and tie'ins to some awesome tracks by other artists.
3174;9;Fun album to listen to.
3174;10;my daughter loved this music
3175;1;His music is so Americana...his songs are fantastic & so is the singer...highly recommend buying this cd, worth the money!
3175;2;, My list, I love this bar, Whiskey girl, As good as I once was and Big blue note.
3175;3;Very good album, wake up in the night singing I wanna talk about me!
3175;4;You rarely find a CD with so many hit songs.
3175;5;You rarely find a CD with so many hit songs.
3175;6;You rarely find a CD with so many hit songs.
3175;7;my daughters and i always danced to his music in the car.
3175;8;Toby keith's tunes are bouncy, catchy, easy on the ears, churpy, and the lyrics are well worth listening to.
3175;9;it was fun...we sang and danced and made gr8 memories with his music
3175;10;I love his music I have a couple of his cds a few years back.
3172;1;The music is hard driving, Petty's voice is in good form, and he captures emotions as he sings..."Don't Do Me Like That": Another signature song of Petty and the group. . . .
3172;2;its so good to have these all on one cd...but all his works have been so creative,,it's really awful and sad he left us so young actually.
3172;3;Of course, Petty has released several classic albums since this GH CD was released, but this album provides fans unfamiliar with the consistency and strength of Petty's early years the chance to see that something good did indeed emerge from the musical doldrums of the 1970s.
3172;4;These four songs reflect the growth and maturation of Petty & the Heartbreakers as they truly began to establish a rock 'n' roll legacy.
3172;5;These four songs reflect the growth and maturation of Petty & the Heartbreakers as they truly began to establish a rock 'n' roll legacy.
3172;6;I cleaned the house to this, it's upbeat and helped with a job I hate!!!
3172;7;This CD is perfect for long car trips or just jamming at home.
3172;8;"Last Dance With Mary Jane" has the best guitar riff and the lyrics are superb.
3172;9;This is a great CD for background music at parties.
3172;10;There are two new songs here, the slow "Mary Jane's Last Dance"--love that harmonica, and a cover of Thunderclap Newman's "Something In The Air," the song played at the end of The Magic Christian movie.
3173;1;But it's still good fun.
3173;2;You can't say anything bad about the Rolling Stones music....The band is known throughout the world.
3173;3;B----- Is one of the definative rock  classics Watts and Richards are to good to be true.
3173;4;The string chord at the end of this song ties in my mind with the final notes of "From the Morning" from Nick Drake's "Pink Moon" for best record closer ever...(And I had to come back to plug "Can't You Hear Me Knocking," one of the alltime great guitar workouts.
3173;5;Whip by Brown Sugar and focus on Mick's Taylor's dazzling lead guitar work throughout the rest of the album.
3173;6;Crisp and clean my classic Dual 1218 made me a college student again
3173;7;A great driving sound  that is full of great riffs and drums.
3173;8;The lyrics are as good as the music
3173;9;Some horns liven up "Love In Vain", great, and "Honky Tonk Women" is rowdy fun.
3173;10;"Wild  Horses" is quite possibly one of the most moving love songs in all of  classic rock, and "Sister Morphine" might be the best (and most  frightening) song about drug abuse this side of an Eminem track.
3170;1;Michael Jackson's "Thriller" gets the royal treatment on its 25th anniversery,this time including five remixes from the likes of Kanye West,will.i.am,Akon and Fergie,a very good unreleased track from the "Thriller" sessions "For All Time" and the DVD containing all the classic videos of "Bille Jean","Beat It" and "Thriller" plus the legendary moonwalking performance of BJ from "Motown 25" that sent MJ  and "Thriller" into the stratesphere of "The World's Biggest-Selling Album Of All-Time".
3170;2;He lead a sad but full life.
3170;3;Michael Jackson's "Thriller" gets the royal treatment on its 25th anniversery,this time including five remixes from the likes of Kanye West,will.i.am,Akon and Fergie,a very good unreleased track from the "Thriller" sessions "For All Time" and the DVD containing all the classic videos of "Bille Jean","Beat It" and "Thriller" plus the legendary moonwalking performance of BJ from "Motown 25" that sent MJ  and "Thriller" into the stratesphere of "The World's Biggest-Selling Album Of All-Time".
3170;4;this Album to Me is Probably the Greatest Album ever made.
3170;5;It is richer... while this one focuses on the "homage" side...BUT... this edition comes with a DVD that cannot be missed.
3170;6;I was really impressed by how cleaned up and "new" looking these videos were in quality.
3170;7;And we, the audience, are not his loyal subjects
3170;8;There's also a nice liner jacket with all the original lyrics and cool album art.
3170;9;NObody can make me want dance the way Michael does.
3170;10;I love the new bolder higher decible sound to the ORIGINAL songs and Michael just sounds HEAVENLY all over again.
3171;1;Fantastic sounds, good condition, timely arrival.
3171;2;its so good to have these all on one cd...but all his works have been so creative,,it's really awful and sad he left us so young actually.
3171;3;Good collection of hits on one disc
3171;4;Good collection of hits on one disc
3171;5;Good collection of hits on one disc
3171;6;I cleaned the house to this, it's upbeat and helped with a job I hate!!!
3171;7;This CD is perfect for long car trips or just jamming at home.
3171;8;The lyrics to "Free Falling" and "Into The Great Wide Open" puts me in a such a great mood.
3171;9;Fun addition to my CD collection!
3171;10;Rest in peace Tom...we love the concerts, the videos and most of all, the message and heart you put in every one of your songs.
3168;1;Many who enjoyed Radiohead's earlier albums hate this and believe the band is soiling their good name, but most of these people only gave Kid A one spin before judging it.
3168;2;I bought this a couple of years ago when it was first released and thought, not bad, an interesting new avenue, but not something that would bring me back for many more listens.
3168;3;I hope this very good album from a very good pop band turns people on to DIFFERENT music other than your every-day party pops and hop hops and rag mops and whatnot.
3168;4;but if you ask me, the rewards are worth it.
3168;5;Well, if you read the Rolling Stone cover article about them you'll see why they made this album the way it is.
3168;6;When I got home I took a deeper listen and things cleared up for me.
3168;7;This album is a trip to the wildside.
3168;8;"Motion Picture Soundtrack" serves wonderfully as the album's closer, pushing far over the edge with sad lyrics laden with pity, a flood of harp strings, and the farewell "I will see you in the next life...".
3168;9;I hope this very good album from a very good pop band turns people on to DIFFERENT music other than your every-day party pops and hop hops and rag mops and whatnot.
3168;10;It is dissapointing to see radiohead faithful to over analyze the band that they have come to love.
3169;1;One of their very best songs--with everything you could possibly want
3169;2;Haunted, is a great song that makes you realy think about things going on around you...My Tournaquet, this song is my favorite, the lyrics are a bit strange, but when you realize what type of person is singing them(that's not a bad thing) you get the meaning behind them...Imaginary, is a great transfer from Tournaquet, and has some of the same spooky eerie symbolism behind it...Taking Over Me, one of the greatest songs ever writen.
3169;3;Their lyrics are good enough to read.
3169;4;I like all of the little breaks and special sound effects, especially when Amy carries the note from the rock chorus into a really pretty set of chords on the guitar.
3169;5;Their lyrics are good enough to read.
3169;6;Also, the lyrics, which are sung beautifully by Amy Lee, are clean and for the most part deep and intelligent...The album features the well-known singles "Bring Me to Life," "Going Under," "My Immortal," and "Everybody's Fool."
3169;7;All I can say is if she sounds this good on a CD I'd love to hear her up close and personal...  Hello: Another piano driven track, this is Amy's tribute to her deceased sister, a track she can't bring herself to perform live.
3169;8;Haunted, is a great song that makes you realy think about things going on around you...My Tournaquet, this song is my favorite, the lyrics are a bit strange, but when you realize what type of person is singing them(that's not a bad thing) you get the meaning behind them...Imaginary, is a great transfer from Tournaquet, and has some of the same spooky eerie symbolism behind it...Taking Over Me, one of the greatest songs ever writen.
3169;9;Must've broken her in two.....Also fun to sing and actually dance in the shower to.
3169;10;But there's a couple flaws, I got it about two months ago and I love it!
3097;1;Even people with a strict taste of music who normally wouldn't consider listening to Nirvana should be able to rethink things and make room to enjoy Nirvana Unplugged, because this is simply good music that transcends any genre.
3097;2;Come As You Are, Plateau, and a lot of the other songs are haunting and you can feel Kurt's pain in the way he attacks some songs like Where Did You Sleep Last Night and Lake of Fire, which are both Meat Puppets covers.
3097;3;As good as they were on these songs, they really shine on the cover songs.
3097;4;It really is Nirvana's best CD, and their most open and sincere.
3097;5;- The fourteen song setlist pulls lesser-loved (at the time, anyway) cuts like "Pennyroyal Tea" and "About A Girl" into focus, becoming the definitive versions of said songs...- Kurt is in good spirits, with plenty of banter between bandmates and occasional laughter from a respectful crowd.
3097;6;It is magnetic, heartbreaking, and frightening at once...Cobain came from a broken home, was destitute before entering music, and suffered from a debilitating stomach pain which in large part spurred him to take heroin.
3097;7;Such a great CD to listen to when your stoned and taking a long trip.
3097;8;show the true emotion and power of his voice.
3097;9;Plateau, Oh, Me, and Lake of Fire were really fun to listen to, and they all had their own unique quality to them.
3097;10;This album will make you love them.
3096;1;It only takes 11 tracks, all of them pretty good songs, to enjoy the album.
3096;2;There is not a bad track on this album and Brian's voice sounds great!
3096;3;the guitar without  one of the young brother do not sound bad, so they make a good choice in the replacement.
3096;4;It is my favorite workout music, getting played 3 or more times weekly.
3096;5;I think it's one of there best.
3096;6;Although I have to say that Cliff has a couple of nice sections...Production.Its bright, clear and clean...Overall.In the top half of all AC/DC albums, which is really saying something.
3096;7;This one's going to go back and forth into the car fairly often, definitely on road trips and the like...The album itself would be four stars, but it earns five stars for a great return to form.
3096;8;There is not a bad track on this album and Brian's voice sounds great!
3096;9;The best AC-DC album in decades, this is a blues rock album, well crafted, fun and classic.
3096;10;Love a lot of AC/DC`s work but this holds an edge to 90% of it.
3099;1;I am really happy with "The Divison Bell" which is a nice follow up to the mildly dissapointing "Mometary Lapse of Reason" Sure Lapse of Reason had some good cuts, but it was way to 1980's sounding with eletric drums and keyboards.
3099;2;"Poles Apart" and "Lost For Words", both obvious overtures to one not present, are masterfully constructed and delivered openly and with a sense of both vulnerability and sad resignation by Mr. Gilmour...From start to finish, all of the songs on "The Division Bell" flow together to produce a cohesive and interesting musical masterpiece.
3099;3;For good or bad, this album marked the true rebirth of Pink Floyd.
3099;4;But this recording proves his attitude to be correct.
3099;5;But this recording proves his attitude to be correct.
3099;6;Ever buy a new cd by a favorite band ...get the thing home and dig it at once?
3099;7;For 2 years now I've traveled the long and glorious history of Pink Floyd.
3099;8;Gilmour is the straw that stirs the drink on this album, his lyrics are good and express emotions that one can easily idenify with, his solos are excellent and fit perfectly with the music.
3099;9;For the first time in a long time, Gilmore Wright and Mason all seemed to be enjoying themselves and having fun playing together and collaborating.
3099;10;AT the very least, you owe it to yourself to give "The Division Bell" a shot- it just may become one of the MOST rewarding and satisfying listens you will ever experience, packed with David Gilmour's masterful guitar-playing and voice you have come to  LOVE and APPRECIATE.
3098;1;Stevie Wonder is still one of the greatest Artist in the world, I love all of his selections on this 2- CD album, definitely a good value,  I would definitely recommend buying this if you are a Stevie Wonder fan.
3098;2;Other than the great Bob Marley and Marvin Gaye, Stevie was at the forefront of writing about the joys, pains, positives and negatives of Human exsistance on Earth...and he did it very well.
3098;3;Stevie Wonder is still one of the greatest Artist in the world, I love all of his selections on this 2- CD album, definitely a good value,  I would definitely recommend buying this if you are a Stevie Wonder fan.
3098;4;"Black Man" sports a very funky 1970s beat to it
3098;5;Why are you reading a review  this is such a classic recording!
3098;6;It's like a quiet summer night on the front porch of your mom's house.
3098;7;My wife has this album on vinyl so I thought I'd give her a gift and upgrade to the CD so she can put it in her car.
3098;8;"Another Song" has an African rhythm to it...it talks about a past love
3098;9;Ebony Eyes is an awesomely fun love song, with a cool sax solo and an even cooler sax solo introduction: "SAXOPHONE RIGHT HERE!"
3098;10;Besides containing the hit Isn't She Lovely, we also get a couple fine tracks with Joy Inside My Tears, I Am Singing and If It's Magic, it also features the best fifteen minutes in the man's discography--the lineup of As and Another Star, the former a fine ballad encouraging universal love (one of Wonder's favorite themes) and the latter, arguably the most ambitious tune the man cut, ever.
3101;1;Cd came quickly and in very good condition, so very happy with my buy can't wait to get the rest of Metallica that I am missing.
3101;2;This is actually the album that would/should have been made before the black album...Do not be fooled by the negative posters here: this CD is every bit as good as anything on the Lightning/Master/Justice albums.
3101;3;I saw this band live in D.C. earlier this year for the first time and it was the best damn live show I ever saw they even outbeat the modern day live masters who would be Slipknot who also puts on a darn good one.
3101;4;My Apocalypse: Rather than a big epic closer, we have a speedier thrash song and this is another great one with some particularly brutal riffs and sure to give guitar players a workout and it's actually got pretty good drumming from Lars who's been kind of unsurprising on the album.
3101;5;The songs are quite fun, there's catchy hooks, blazing solos and harmonized leads are back and they sound almost refreshed and focused, unlike St. Anger.
3101;6;Now, I am close to 40, a father of four, clean cut, but by God, this new album brings me back to my heavy metal days, and all the fun I had listening to Metallica with my buddies.
3101;7;But I made her listen to it when we were in the car and she loves it as well.
3101;8;Also, the lyrics by James on this track are just exceptional (as they are throughout the whole album actually).
3101;9;While it is still fun to call them Metallicker for all the tripe they've put out, this is a great metal album, the kind of stuff that they do best.
3101;10;Unlike many, I loved the Black Album, it is the first album I ever bought of Metallica and I just think it is a tremendous and underappreciated album.
3100;1;I enjoy it very much and it is a good quality recording.
3100;2;19671970 (widely known as "The Blue Album") is a compilation of songs by the English rock band The Beatles, spanning the years indicated in the title.
3100;3;This is a good place to start and all remastered......support your favorite artists.
3100;4;The Harrison guitar solo on the version on `Let t Be...Naked' is perfection.
3100;5;The book-let is very nice and the lyrics are typed in an easy to read font.
3100;6;St Pepper, the White Album, Let it Be and Abbey Road all get four each and there are some surprising omissions like "She's leaving home" the "Golden slumbers trio", "Blackbird" and "Yer Blues".
3100;7;I think the best adaptation of this driving single from Paul comes packaged within the `Let it Be -Naked' CD from 2003, the stereo image is far more accurate and the soundstage wider and deeper
3100;8;In my opinion, it's one of the best love songs written as Harrison essentially bares his soul in the lyrics and emotion.
3100;9;Finally, the band sings songs that are just plain fun including "Octopus's Garden" and "Back In The U.S.S.R.".
3100;10;There are so many Beatles collections out there and they are all great (I love the "1" album) but for some reason, this one captures their later periods perfectly, in my opinion.
3103;1;He's also penned some very good lyrics which have some truth behind them and are fun to sing along with.
3103;2;once in a blue moon, an album comes along of such compelling nature that whatever you are doing when listening to it for the 1st time.
3103;3;It's totally cool, with a good message for peace.
3103;4;While I really do enjoy that album this album is much more creative and I think System of a Down is the all around more talented band, and it shows in this album.
3103;5;Toxicity takes everything that made that cd good and improves upon it-their unique blend of metal with Armenian influence has become tighter and even more focused.
3103;6;With brilliant lyrics, and somewhat of a political stance, System of a Down smashed a Home Run with Toxicity.
3103;7;The driving guitars, the fast drummming, the good bass.
3103;8;Well, I'd have to answer "System of a Down", just because the lyrics are better and there's no bad songs, like "X" or "Jet Pilot".
3103;9;He's also penned some very good lyrics which have some truth behind them and are fun to sing along with.
3103;10;i can honestly say that it has been years since i've had a cd that i can stand to listen to from start to finish... and love each song for it's own reasons (instead of the fact that they all sound like the first single and are catchy... so of course you like them for a week or two)  each song is an entity.
3102;1;I have several of Groban's CD's and this one is very good and I enjoy listening to it.
3102;2;One of my favorite musicians, he is unbelievably talented and this cd, definitely one of his best, not a bad song on it, worth every penny.
3102;3;His voice is heavenly and love to listen to him when I am relaxing or.stuck in traffic.
3102;4;He's giving the world beautiful music.
3102;5;He has a  beautiful voice &, from what I have seen & read, seems to be very down to earth person.
3102;6;Keeps me centered and helps at home and on the go in traffic.
3102;7;I was anxious to get a new Josh CD to have fresh music in my car while traveling around town.
3102;8;I like that it is a mixture of sounds but all the songs are Josh and his voice and lyrics carry through as they have on all the previous albums.
3102;9;This is the fourth Groban CD we own, and there is always room for his articulate, sensitive and just plain fun vocals.
3102;10;I love when he sings in Italian, so romantic.
3089;1;Neil Diamond once wrote and sang,"everywhere around the world, they come to America"...the beach, surfing, great music, cars, boats, girls, good friends, school,love, marriage and simply having fun and enjoying this great life through all the ups and downs.
3089;2;love this album, there ain't a bad song on it.
3089;3;This disk has an over all Fantastic sound(LOUD) and very good selection of tunes.
3089;4;"Be True To Your School" sports a great melody with an upbeat melody to celebrate school pride and a sense of community we all felt with our classmates..."Wouldn't It Be Nice" highlights The Beach Boys singing of the universal human experience of longing for true freedom when we can live with our lovers without parental interference.
3089;5;I could wish for stereo for those few songs, but I am happy to have them in mono...Most of the music in this collection is focused on 1962 to 1968, which was the most creative period for the Beach Boys.
3089;6;My mother listened to these guys whenever we were either cleaning the house or just to relax and have something fun to listen to.
3089;7;It sounds fantastic on both my home and cars audio systems.
3089;8;It's a song with lyrics that are a sharp contrast to the norm of the other songs.
3089;9;Listen to this CD and you will be dancing like a teenager (back in the day).
3089;10;All of their most popular hits and even a couple of great covers (I love "Come Go With Me)...I think the audio quality is fine and some of the remastering work gives a fresh listening experience to familiar tunes.
3088;1;A big hit in July 1992...One - A very special song, One is an emotional ballad that has taken on many layers of meaning over the years, and reveals raw emotions that U2 are so good at displaying.
3088;2;It's angst and pain in a nice techno-flavoured sugar pill.
3088;3;With the '80s behind them now, U2 gives us their first album of the '90s and a good one at that it was.
3088;4;And yes, it's an excellent album to work out to -- a gym I used to go to played it all the way through once, and it managed to provide just about the right tempo.
3088;5;The lyrics are Soul-touching and have such a huge impact on me, especially  when reading along while the music plays.
3088;6;I consider it one of the great British art-rock albums, up there with "Who's Next" and "Houses of the Holy" as the expression of a mature rock and roll band at the top of their game.
3088;7;A personal note, ZOO STATION reminds me of a trip I took to Berlin years ago.
3088;8;Not because it's bad, that's just the emotion it stirs in me.
3088;9;A few of the more upbeat tracks like the industrial-tinged 'Zoo Station' and 'The Fly', and the funky 'Mysterious Ways' hint that this will be a fun party album, but most of the rest of the album is much more personal and downbeat.
3088;10;Whatever political aspirations U2 may have with their appeals to fans to  support Greenpeace etc., this album is almost entirely devoted to love, and  with several listenings, becomes a kind of litany of ballads recited by  Bono to his Baby...I am not saying this album has any concept - it is a  collection of fantastic independent tracks which really works - but this is  an excellent album to listen to when you're feeling down, or soppy, or  romantic.
3091;1;It is good fun hard rock coupled with some wonderfully moving songs intermixed.
3091;2;Just because some good rock music is popular is not necessarily a bad thing, especially for the popularity of the band...On a final note, I highly recommend that you go out and pick this one up because there is a certain "Sound of Madness" that rings through this disc and you should thoroughly enjoy it, especially loyal Shinedown fans!
3091;3;Just because some good rock music is popular is not necessarily a bad thing, especially for the popularity of the band...On a final note, I highly recommend that you go out and pick this one up because there is a certain "Sound of Madness" that rings through this disc and you should thoroughly enjoy it, especially loyal Shinedown fans!
3091;4;It was awesome to get the privilage to see many of these songs performed live too...Shinedown is amazing in concert!
3091;5;It was awesome to get the privilage to see many of these songs performed live too...Shinedown is amazing in concert!
3091;6;Went home and bought all three albums, and this one is by far the best of their three.
3091;7;Every measure is full of driving energy and adds power to their lyrics, which are exceptional (especially What a Shame).
3091;8;A powerful vocalist and relatable lyrics are sure ways to win over an audience, but only up to a point...From the opener "Devour," the change in Shinedown is as subtle as a fist to the face.
3091;9;It is good fun hard rock coupled with some wonderfully moving songs intermixed.
3091;10;My daughter and I just love these guys.
3090;1;I especially enjoyed the old standards that came out when I was in my late teens, specifically, My Way, It Was a Very Good Year, That's Life, Something Stupid, and Strangers in the Night.
3090;2;Nothing but the best Old Blue Eyes compilation that I can think of.
3090;3;I especially enjoyed the old standards that came out when I was in my late teens, specifically, My Way, It Was a Very Good Year, That's Life, Something Stupid, and Strangers in the Night.
3090;4;It is a truly tour de force performance that was worth the wait...For all the pros for "Nothing But The Best," there are, however a few cons.
3090;5;It is a truly tour de force performance that was worth the wait...For all the pros for "Nothing But The Best," there are, however a few cons.
3090;6;Franks songs have been heard over and over, but getting a good clean recording is the one to have.
3090;7;I'm having a great time listening to the CD in my car.
3090;8;Mr. S sings it with heartfelt emotion and tender perfection that is almost impossible not to be deeply moved by it.
3090;9;To hear the opening notes of "Come Fly With Me" bristle with sharpness and clarity is in itself a major thrill, and to hear Frank's voice with such depth and range only adds to the fun.
3090;10;Certainly a man I enjoy listening too and when he sang he gave it his all as he truly loved to perform and I was lucky enough to see him, although in his senior years but it was phenominal at the time and at Radio City Music Hall in 1980.
3093;1;Good music and fun times at home and in the car.
3093;2;The music is wonderful, entertaining  ("In Summer") sad, ("Conceal, don't Feel") and downright cute ("Love is an Open Door").
3093;3;The music is very good and the kids cannot stop hearing it
3093;4;After seeing the movie, I just loved all the songs and knew that I had to get the soundtrack when it came out.
3093;5;After seeing the movie, I just loved all the songs and knew that I had to get the soundtrack when it came out.
3093;6;Good music and fun times at home and in the car.
3093;7;Can't watch the movie while driving the car so this is the next best thing.
3093;8;The insert is an invaluable tool, since it is my daughter's ambition to learn the lyrics of all her favorite songs.
3093;9;What a fun soundtrack to listen to with friends or family.
3093;10;After seeing the movie, I just loved all the songs and knew that I had to get the soundtrack when it came out.
3092;1;I purchased the DVD of The Show  - I truly am taken with the 5 solo voices of Celtic Thunder - Kudos to Phil Coulter.I would recommend this DVD as it is their first DVD - so that is always special.I have enjoyed watching Damien grow up in front of the camera from this DVD to Thats Entertainment - also recommend that as well
3092;2;Ryan's 'bad boy' persona is very well done, and makes me chuckle every time I see it, as does Paul's reactions.
3092;3;There is no reason not to
3092;4;Then I got it for her for last Christmas as she has been to Ireland many times visiting a dear friend of hers & thought it would bring back wonderful memories----it did.
3092;5;Then I got it for her for last Christmas as she has been to Ireland many times visiting a dear friend of hers & thought it would bring back wonderful memories----it did.
3092;6;It has turned my Country Western husband into a huge fan and he will occasionally sing bits of their songs around the house.
3092;7;I feel driven to watch it again and again and the more I see it the more I love it.
3092;8;Ryan's 'bad boy' persona is very well done, and makes me chuckle every time I see it, as does Paul's reactions.
3092;9;Each member is so georgeous and talented and fun and joyous to watch.
3092;10;Damian, Keith, Paul, Ryan and George all have beautiful voices and I love the song Ireland's Call.
3095;1;We enjoy playing our old vinyl records and it's easy to find good quality turntables in electronics stores.
3095;2;There is very little singing on the set and although Greg Almman's voice is definately not bad, the band's best performance is instrumental.
3095;3;We enjoy playing our old vinyl records and it's easy to find good quality turntables in electronics stores.
3095;4;And it also sports one of the great cover photos as well.
3095;5;Just do as I say and read my review on the book SKYDOG- The Duane Allman Story, then go buy the book and you'll learn something interesting about the cover shot of the Fillmore East album that you're looking at right now.
3095;6;While I'm not crazy about the studio version, the guitar soloing is pretty loud, clean and fantastic here.
3095;7;A perfect recording for a long drive in the car, a headphone moment, or typing a review.
3095;8;Evokes lots of emotions and memories for me--takes me back to when I met the love of my life, and I still have him!
3095;9;When kids today talk about "trance" music, they talk about dance music.
3095;10;I knew Duane from "Layla", and knew he was an All World guitar player, and loved, and I mean loved, the way a slide guitar sounded...I read a couple of reviews of "Live at the Fillmore East", and bought it.
3094;1;While I also enjoy the other songs, "Hotel California" is so good that it causes everything else on this album to be eclipsed, even though much of the rest of the music is very good.
3094;2;The sound is big and vibrant, and while "HC" could have used one or two up-tempo songs to "make up" for the numerous slow tunes, you really can't say anything bad about these eight selections..."Wasted Time" is a beautiful ballad, "The Last Resort" is a scathing political statement for which the Eagles also remembered to write good music.
3094;3;The sound is big and vibrant, and while "HC" could have used one or two up-tempo songs to "make up" for the numerous slow tunes, you really can't say anything bad about these eight selections..."Wasted Time" is a beautiful ballad, "The Last Resort" is a scathing political statement for which the Eagles also remembered to write good music.
3094;4;Whether it's booze, drugs, or just a life out of control, we've all had that feeling that we were going to crash and had lost an ability to stop...Even the later songs are really enjoyable.
3094;5;The track list reads like an Eagles greatest hits album: the legendary title track, Wasted Time, New Kid In Town, Life In The Fast Lane, Victim of Love, Try and Love Again, etc.
3094;6;New Kid In Town - This is a pretty good tune by Glenn Frey, and tells a story I'm actually pretty close to home to...3.
3094;7;Great music to drive to!
3094;8;The sound is big and vibrant, and while "HC" could have used one or two up-tempo songs to "make up" for the numerous slow tunes, you really can't say anything bad about these eight selections..."Wasted Time" is a beautiful ballad, "The Last Resort" is a scathing political statement for which the Eagles also remembered to write good music.
3094;9;"Victim Of Love" stuns me with its beauty
3094;10;Life In The Fast Lane - Love this track.
3080;1;There are so many good songs on this album and I enjoy listening to it almost from beginning to end (a couple of the songs I'm not a big fan of).
3080;2;His act was legendary, a great showman.
3080;3;There are so many good songs on this album and I enjoy listening to it almost from beginning to end (a couple of the songs I'm not a big fan of).
3080;4;His act was legendary, a great showman.
3080;5;The "Best of Bowie" two-disc edition is a great compilation that will primarily target both casual fans who want all of the familiar material that they grew up hearing and more serious fans who appreciate the convenience of having so much of Bowie's career in one ready-to-go release...The first disc focuses on his early, more straightforward rock songs.
3080;6;If you a Bowie fan, his greatest hits album will keep you highly entertained in your car, home or where ever.
3080;7;Nice to have them all on one recording and it's great for the random road trip.
3080;8;The poetry of the lyrics is brilliant-and the music astronomical .
3080;9;From glame rock, pop rock, blues rock, jazz rock, dance rock, space rock, and even some industrial work with later stuff...Bowie is incredible and his music is very fun, impressive, different, happy, upbeat and quite moving.
3080;10;There are so many good songs on this album and I enjoy listening to it almost from beginning to end (a couple of the songs I'm not a big fan of).
3081;1;From the beginning to the end every song is awesome, powerful, fun and, in some of them, full of good lyrics.
3081;2;And, while this album is full of fun songs that will make you want to get up and move, Pink also captures the ins and outs, ups and downs, joy and pain of being in love, being out of love just being in lust...If you like Pink at all, don't even hesitate.
3081;3;"Try" is a poignant and it has a good rocking flavor to it all at once
3081;4;"Walk Of Shame" is the best song on the album.
3081;5;"Walk Of Shame" is the best song on the album.
3081;6;If you are considering the clean version, I recommend it.
3081;7;Get the songs that are on here this is one of the best she has out.love playing it in car
3081;8;The title track is a retro throwback to the 60's and features some very clever lyrics from our lady about the secrets and mysteries of love...Walk Of Shame is another clever rocker about facing the world after a night of partying.
3081;9;it is a nice mix of songs which are fun to sing and dance to.
3081;10;This song's thumping and hypnotic beat reminds me of Sinead O'Conner's Nothing Compares To You, yet it is completely original and breathtaking and tells the delicate story of a couple much in love with some insecurity they are desperately trying to deal with...Genius songwriter-producer Dan Wilson who co-wrote Adele's Somebody Like you, contributes another masterpiece with Pinks songwriting prowess on The Great Escape.
3082;1;On `Axis', with popular and commercial success finally in his grasp after years of struggle, Jimi seems to be really enjoying himself and, through these varied and high-quality numbers, his delightful humour and optimistic good nature shine through...If you're interested in Hendrix's musical legacy and in understanding how he helped shape the form of pop/rock music which endures even into the C21, then `Axis' is indispensable to your collection.
3082;2;Its sad he didn't get a chance to do more.....The first album was great, but it had a "hits" quality to it, I've always thought.
3082;3;jimi always good i think this is one of his best.
3082;4;Mitch Mitchell especially gives his drumkit a workout on this track.
3082;5;For this reviewer, he was at his best focusing on the melody, and songs like "Castles Made of Sand" are a perfect example of that...Hendrix actually takes a break from the microphone on the next track "She's So Fine" as Noel Redding steps in to deliver the vocals.
3082;6;clean, nicely mixed - - you can really hear the stereo.
3082;7;The engineering by Eddie Kramer is masterful and captures both the delicacy and drive of this trio.
3082;8;Thoughtful lyrics, better vocals, better songs, great guitar.
3082;9;The song has a great rhythm and a fun vibe, sounding a little refreshing after the somewhat intense nature of "If 6 Was 9".
3082;10;One listen to Axis: Bold As Love confirms that.
3083;1;On `Axis', with popular and commercial success finally in his grasp after years of struggle, Jimi seems to be really enjoying himself and, through these varied and high-quality numbers, his delightful humour and optimistic good nature shine through...If you're interested in Hendrix's musical legacy and in understanding how he helped shape the form of pop/rock music which endures even into the C21, then `Axis' is indispensable to your collection.
3083;2;Its sad he didn't get a chance to do more.....The first album was great, but it had a "hits" quality to it, I've always thought.
3083;3;Yeah, it's not the most memorable material Hendrix ever produced, but it's still extremely good.
3083;4;In concert, he could make you feel like a warm sirocco wind was  blowing across your body, or a fire was burning above your head, or we were all swimming together in some kind of mystical warm turquoise gold-flecked cosmic ocean.
3083;5;Hendrix focused more on using sonic experimentation to fit the confines of well-crafted rock, funk and ballads on this one, and came out with a masterpiece.
3083;6;clean, nicely mixed - - you can really hear the stereo.
3083;7;The engineering by Eddie Kramer is masterful and captures both the delicacy and drive of this trio.
3083;8;It has a great chord melody, soulful, visual lyrics, and a kick ... guitar solo.....this album rules, buy it.
3083;9;Jimi's guitar work isn't the only highlight here the song are well written, well thought out pieces of art, Jimi also brings his U.F.O. interest onto this record which is fun.
3083;10;The final track, 'Bold As Love' is in my opinion one of the greatest rock songs ever...period.
3084;1;It does a good job of showing the different types of songs Elvis enjoyed singing.
3084;2;But his decisive step to the great screen allowed him even to get a major audience overseas...His status as star reached a coveted place into we might say the popular imagination and an undeniable icon of the popular mythology...This is a well deserved homage and heartfelt tribute to his memory precisely today, when we remind him thirty years before his sad departure.
3084;3;Great CD takes me back to the "good Ole Days" every time I listen to it.
3084;4;To have 30 Elvis hits on one disc is great!
3084;5;To have 30 Elvis hits on one disc is great!
3084;6;In that- it is stellar and home to many, many, many classics from this man.
3084;7;This a terrific album to play in the car while driving down Rt. 66, or to the mall, or to pop in during a party.
3084;8;But his decisive step to the great screen allowed him even to get a major audience overseas...His status as star reached a coveted place into we might say the popular imagination and an undeniable icon of the popular mythology...This is a well deserved homage and heartfelt tribute to his memory precisely today, when we remind him thirty years before his sad departure.
3084;9;Supper collection of some great old, fun songs.
3084;10;I've listened to the free download already cant stop listening has all his number one hits i love !
3085;1;DEEP PURPLE'S MACHINE HEAD Album is the best Deep purple album ever equally as Good as IN ROCK, no doubt about it.all tracks on this album are fantastic just like all tracks on IN ROCK are fantastic.
3085;2;this song is great not a bad point about it!
3085;3;never before (9) it's calm and a good song.
3085;4;"Lazy" has the terrific Jon Lord organ workout, and "Space Trucking" is the last word in intergalactic rock songs...The remaster here is stunning, almost digital in its precise sound.
3085;5;In the rest of the world DP enjoys huge commercial success and enormous crowds of fans, clubs, cults and whatever... Let's get back to the album and we'll see that every (read my lips: every one of them!)
3085;6;"Pictures of Home" had a somewhat midieval feel to it.
3085;7;He has a great ability to drive songs along and does so particularly on Maybe I'm A Leo.
3085;8;this song is great not a bad point about it!
3085;9;The album is very consistent, energetic and fun.
3085;10;This CD is a classic I love to listen to it ever time im in the mood for Deep Purple.
3086;1;great album sound quality is good I compared it to the my original Fleetwood albums and its  close I still feel the quality of sound is much better on the old vinyl stock
3086;2;All songs are big hits and just the right era.
3086;3;A good production for when you are driving at night or just want to relax after school or work.
3086;4;All songs are big hits and just the right era.
3086;5;But, they were focusing on the band's most commercial and successful period.
3086;6;All songs are big hits and just the right era.
3086;7;Many excellent songs to sing too loud to as you drive to work...at least you'll be in a good mood!
3086;8;This sound of sincerely fascinating lyric and  sound continued on everything the heart pouring "Gypsy" to the  light California rock of "Dreams" (most certainty about Lindsey).
3086;9;Full of number 1 hits and fun dance music
3086;10;Anyone who like quality would love this album.
3087;1;While the quality of the songs may not be as good on the surface as those on Pretty Hate Machine, the complexity & the emotion of the music on The Downward Sprial makes it NIN's best album to date, and one of the best albums of all-time.
3087;2;Put differently: I find this album so powerful because it depicts what I know would be my life if I was not a Christian
3087;3;Every bit as good as "The Fragile" just different.
3087;4;It's still fresh sfter all these years.
3087;5;Kinda like a book or a  movie, you wanna see, read, hear it all in sequence.
3087;6;The sounds are clean, new and interesting, even almost 10 years later.
3087;7;driven, but, in his case, with a lot of guitars), it's about as far away from pop music as you can get - often aggressive, malevolent, obscene, blasphemous, and screamingly angry.
3087;8;Yet I held onto it, popped it into my cd player every once and a while and each time I did that I would hear something new: a new lyric, a new drum pattern, a new emotion - but more importantly, a greater understanding of the album as a whole.
3087;9;All in all, a cathcy, fun song, albeit a bit dire.
3087;10;"And of course, you gotta love  "Closer."
3072;1;And they were having fun performing for us!
3072;2;-> blue collar man (long nights)- appeals to the common folk :0 :).
3072;3;A very good band to listen
3072;4;Purchased for my husband and he loves it!
3072;5;Purchased for my husband and he loves it!
3072;6;Purchased for my husband and he loves it!
3072;7;Purchased for my husband and he loves it!
3072;8;U get every emotion tickled from this album from highs to lows...one of the best bands ever!
3072;9;And they were having fun performing for us!
3072;10;Purchased for my husband and he loves it!
3073;1;Susan Boyle is phenomenal, remarkable, exceptional, extraordinary, amazing, astonishing, astounding, sensational, stunning, incredible, unbelievable
3073;2;Susan Boyle sings some very great songs on this CD.
3073;3;Standing Ovation: The Greatest Songs From The Stage sung by Susan Boyle is of very good quality.
3073;4;Susan Boyle sings some very great songs on this CD.
3073;5;Susan Boyle sings some very great songs on this CD.
3073;6;Once again, she came through the way I knew she would.....beautiful and I love this simple woman who still lives in the same house while her new one is used only for interviews....wonder if her cat is still alive.....
3073;7;Susan Boyle sings some very great songs on this CD.
3073;8;It was sung with so much emotion and a certain vulnerability...this should be a signature song for Susan!
3073;9;Susan Boyle sings some very great songs on this CD.
3073;10;I love this CD and I will keep getting her Music,
3074;1;well dam A++++ love it and well its new to me and I guess well worth the wait a must for all tool fans and those that got side tracked like me Enjoy on a good system volume up great music
3074;2;It's a cool track to listen to and it wasn't a bad way to end it off.
3074;3;Intrusion after that, which isn't bad but is IMO the album's weakest track, and then Right in two, which is a good song, very APC-like.
3074;4;Now, Tool is back and better than ever...When Vicarious first blared onto the airwaves on the local alt rock channel, I was enthralled.
3074;5;While each one of them is a gifted musician, they take those gifts and focus it into the song.
3074;6;I bought the album at 8 am today and went home, couldn't believe the awesome packaging, what a treat to look through the sweet glasses at the amazing art while listening to kick ass hard core TOOL.
3074;7;Singer Maynard Keenan's voice is at its best here, driving the latter song forward and carrying it by the sheer power of his vocals...The album does take a turn down after its midpoint, reaching what is perhaps Tool's most commercial song to date ("The Pot").
3074;8;A very experimental track...Intension - 8/10
3074;9;It arguably goes on a bit too long at 7 minutes, but it's got some pleasant, ethereal melody and some fun electronic drum work.
3074;10;Then I had to listen to it a few more times before I started loving it, which I do now.
3075;1;Plus, Gaga's voice sounds stronger, the hooks & beats are fun, the music is tight, the album flows, and she allowed herself to bleed emotions.
3075;2;The bridge is flawless, and while the song has called comparisons to Gaga's own `Bad Romance', I see such originality and style oozing out of this track.
3075;3;With the exception of Bloody Mary (which is a great song on a different level) and Bad Kids, every single track puts me a really good and upbeat mood.
3075;4;If you need a new companion to your workouts, or something to sing too loudly in the car on a road trip, this album will fit the bill nicely.
3075;5;From what I've read, she has promised us the album of the decade.
3075;6;[1] It features a broader range of genres such as opera, heavy metal, disco, house and rock and roll while its lyrical topics include sexuality, religion, freedom, feminism, and individualism.
3075;7;The rest of the second disc contains excellent dance remixes which we would expect from Gaga and is fun to listen to in the car for a short trip.
3075;8;One can interpret the lyrics as a metaphor for her choosing bad boys for love.
3075;9;It's fun to dance to also.
3075;10;For romantic there's Marry the Night a kind of valentine to NYC, Fashion of His Love with clothing as a metaphor for passion, Hair representing individual style, and You and I a  pure expression of devotion...We have anthems dedicated to personal pride and ambition: Born This Way, Highway Unicorn and The Edge of Glory.
3076;1;I am sure the details have all been listed-so I will say this: Get some nice headphones that accent the bass, and enjoy this fantastic collection.
3076;2;Anyway....As enjoyable as Zeppelin's "The Song Remains the Same" is, this is far and away superior
3076;3;Led Zeppelin is as good live as we've heard.
3076;4;The wait was well worth it.
3076;5;I'v got a huge TV...that allows me to study the people watching this LOUD long-haired British band take over their normally sedate TV show.
3076;6;I knew this band was amazing and unique...but I didn't realize how much until I sat down and enjoyed this set on my big screen and home theater system !
3076;7;Bluesy Les Paul solos added with jazz improv free form lead guitar especially on the live slow blues tracks
3076;8;Robert's lyrics actually got me into Tolkien and Spenser (The Faerie Queen, above all), and to have this whole lotta Zep at the same time as the conclusion to the absolutely breathtaking Lord Of The Rings trilogy is almost a mystical experience in itself.
3076;9;Some stand outs here are the beautiful and fun acoustic set, stairway to heaven in it's amazing live glory, and The Ocean.
3076;10;I just bought this last night and have been watching and listening most of the day...If you are a LZ fan of any caliber, you will LOVE this...Filled with 5-hours of concert performances spanning ten years, the production of these discs are very, very professional.
3077;1;I love listening to Blake's voice, and his songs are always fun and engaging, and a few love songs are happy and some sad but his voice is always good.
3077;2;I love listening to Blake's voice, and his songs are always fun and engaging, and a few love songs are happy and some sad but his voice is always good.
3077;3;He has several fun and upbeat songs plus a few good old county feeling songs--every country CD needs a few of these also.
3077;4;I love every song on it.
3077;5;I love every song on it.
3077;6;I listen to this CD on the way to work, on the way home from work, and all night long!
3077;7;She likes country music, as do I, and recently got a new car that has a CD player
3077;8;I loved how raw the emotions were.
3077;9;He has several fun and upbeat songs plus a few good old county feeling songs--every country CD needs a few of these also.
3077;10;I love every song on it.
3078;1;Good clean fun and I'm proud to be a Thunderhead.
3078;2;I have never really like the song, perhaps because there have been so many bad versions of it, but giving credit where it is due, Damien McGinty does a very good job of it, perhaps because he is a teenager himself, albeit with a very mature voice.
3078;3;I have never really like the song, perhaps because there have been so many bad versions of it, but giving credit where it is due, Damien McGinty does a very good job of it, perhaps because he is a teenager himself, albeit with a very mature voice.
3078;4;They performed 2 of the songs off of this album.
3078;5;This is the best of Celtic Thunder's CDs because of it's focus on Celtic music.
3078;6;Good clean fun and I'm proud to be a Thunderhead.
3078;7;Got the CD to play in car, becouse the DVD is so good.
3078;8;Stirs the soul and emotions.
3078;9;Makes one want to get up and dance, clap your hands and stomp your feet!
3078;10;You'll definitely love this if you purchase it!
3079;1;I recommend it to everyone who likes good and romantic music.
3079;2;I really can't say there is a bad song on it, the whole thing is simply fun to listen to.
3079;3;I recommend it to everyone who likes good and romantic music.
3079;4;He is my wife's second love or maybe first.
3079;5;He is my wife's second love or maybe first.
3079;6;He is my wife's second love or maybe first.
3079;7;great for the car doing errands and his sexy voice singing sweet country to you.
3079;8;Lyrics are moving at times while his hot licks get your toes tapping.
3079;9;I really can't say there is a bad song on it, the whole thing is simply fun to listen to.
3079;10;He is my wife's second love or maybe first.
3131;1;What I especially like about this album is that it's feel good - a totally happy ride.
3131;2;The pain and hurt of the lyric make for a very sad song, a far cry from the ballads that he puts out today where you don't know whether to laugh or cry...The album, for the most part, has a very happy feel to it.
3131;3;An average song...It's a good song you want to play over and over...9.
3131;4;...awful cover on this special edition...Buyers realize that record companies do want to make visible distinctions between original releases and re-mastered editions, but to make as drastic a change as this one borders on sacrilege...The original back cover is a shot of Jackson sporting a modest Afro, a killer smile, and the nose that he was born with.
3131;5;In interviews I read at the time of release, he said he was so moved, he cried at the end of the song...`I can't help it' is a delicate dreamy sounding mid tempo Stevie Wonder composition.
3131;6;I ordered this for them to enjoy when they come home to visit.
3131;7;From driving, hypnotic dance epics to lush, tender ballads, "Off the Wall" features amazing vocals from Jackson, on-point production from Q, and an array of some of the best session musicians to grace a studio: Greg Phillinganes, Paulinho DaCosta, John Robinson, the list goes on.
3131;8;Many people who understand a break-up, or even if you have never gone through one should feel the emotion of this song's tune and lyrics...All the songs on this album and it's the most exciting of Jackson's albums.
3131;9;It's fun to listen to, dance to, and sing along with.
3131;10;Girlfriend- i love this song.
3130;1;Pete Rock does a good job of holding it down as well on "The World Is Yours".
3130;2;From the sad "One Love", to the upbeat  "Memory Lane", to the freestyle-anthem "It Aint' Hard To  Tell", Illmatic is classic material from start to finish.
3130;3;I didn't really give it a good listen for a good while... and when I finally did I was in a pretty bad mood.
3130;4;An intelligent, honest, unintrusive record that paints an honest picture of inner-city life and molds it together with some of the wickedest beats known to god.
3130;5;I am pretty sure that you have read the reviews for Illmatic and I have to agree with all of them.
3130;6;An intelligent, honest, unintrusive record that paints an honest picture of inner-city life and molds it together with some of the wickedest beats known to god.
3130;7;An intelligent, honest, unintrusive record that paints an honest picture of inner-city life and molds it together with some of the wickedest beats known to god.
3130;8;The beats and lyrics are flat-out amazing.
3130;9;Presently, A great deal of MC's use hip-hop to showcase thier material things and party antics.
3130;10;From the sad "One Love", to the upbeat  "Memory Lane", to the freestyle-anthem "It Aint' Hard To  Tell", Illmatic is classic material from start to finish.
3129;1;Her pain and strength come through in every track, fitting nicely with those of us who have ever felt the pain of a disrupted relationship and all the emotions that come with it...This cd is a must for anyone who enjoys a strong, soulful female voice along the lines of Lauren Hills "Miseducation..." and some of the early 60's work of Aretha Franklin, Miss Ross during the early Supremes days, or Mary J. during the painful days of "My Life."
3129;2;The songs she wrote & sings on this album are beautiful, sad poems, amazing melodies & her voice, THAT VOICE.
3129;3;She's intriguing in a bad girl who smokes in the bathroom kind of way who makes you feel kind of grimy just being around her...You Know I'm No Good is an excellent tune which tells the story of Winehouse cheating on her boyfriend.
3129;4;Winehouse sports a colorful flair for good beats and speckles of bass guitar.
3129;5;This album reads like the diary of a woman who tries to have loving, meaningful, and happy relationships, but somehow manages to screw them up or be screwed over...Songs like "Rehab" show Amy's defiance at being sent to rehab for her drinking problem, while "Love Is A Losing Game" and "Wake Up Alone" show Amy's vulnerability, frustration, and sadness of her romantic relationships ending...I would highly recommend this CD to anyone who loves real, unadulterated, good music!
3129;6;Not crazy enough for a convertible, but wonderful at home!!
3129;7;The music transcends age barriers...my mother heard this cd and now it is a staple in her car, she is 43 and I am 20.
3129;8;Even if the lyrics are a bit sad to listen to, especially in light of Amy's personal life, the music alone is worth the purchase of this album.
3129;9;Lyrically, the songs are fun....
3129;10;This album reads like the diary of a woman who tries to have loving, meaningful, and happy relationships, but somehow manages to screw them up or be screwed over...Songs like "Rehab" show Amy's defiance at being sent to rehab for her drinking problem, while "Love Is A Losing Game" and "Wake Up Alone" show Amy's vulnerability, frustration, and sadness of her romantic relationships ending...I would highly recommend this CD to anyone who loves real, unadulterated, good music!
3128;1;Every song on here was fantastic, Christina has a voice and it's a good one.
3128;2;This cd is absolutely brilliant, I don't think there is not one bad song on it.
3128;3;Christina, to quote from an old 80's hit, "you don't have to take your clothes off to have a good time", STRIPPED provides all the thrills and excitement any fan needs.
3128;4;Christina has one of the best voices I have ever heard, and never oversings unlike some other diva's.
3128;5;Christina is an amazing artist, and if people would stop criticizing how she dresses and focus more on her craft, maybe she would get the acclaim that she deserves.
3128;6;"Stripped" is a winner - displaying Christina's amazing, super-natural like vocals, and showing us that she's not that squeeky clean blonde that first appeared back in 1999 who poured out cheesy bubble-gum pop ballads.
3128;7;It's really slow and piano driven, but it's quite beautiful.
3128;8;I'm OK is also one of the best from the album, the most personal song to Christina which is about family violence, she pours her soul and feeling into the song, a song that is able to touch our emotion, a song that can make a person feels emotionally sad.
3128;9;The first single, Dirrty is a sexy song that's really fun to dance to.
3128;10;Here we see something that should have been showed to the world long ago...a gay couple who actually love each other, and an assortment of people who are most happy as individuals, which is what makes them all beautiful.
3135;1;The albums best track ("Radar") not only shows off how good the producers are, but also the eagerness and fun in her voice as she wails out "Wonder if you know you're on my radar, on my radar!"
3135;2;The songs on this album are so amazing catchy captivateing intoxicateing among many othere adjectives from the hit single gimme more the amazing track piece of me the Hot hot hot track break the ice the ice the more elecric heaven on earth the two hot songs freakshow and toy soldier hot as ice  (produced by t pain and danjja) ooh ooh baby perfect lover and the heart felt why should I be sad.
3135;3;The Associated Press calls it, "... not only a very good album, it's her best work ever - a triumph, with not a bad song to be found on the 12 tracks."
3135;4;The albums best track ("Radar") not only shows off how good the producers are, but also the eagerness and fun in her voice as she wails out "Wonder if you know you're on my radar, on my radar!"
3135;5;As I read, saw, winced, and cringed right along with you, in the back of my mind though I knew that none of that was what was really important.
3135;6;"Toy Soldier" is another that should be given kudos...It's an all around great album to work out to, dance to, and clean the house to.
3135;7;It's got a very interesting sound and a driving beat- great song to sing to in the car!
3135;8;This is a fun dance party album so it never gets deep (except for the last song "Why Shoud I Be Sad") - the rest of time it's all about sex, excess and fun.
3135;9;This is a fun dance party album so it never gets deep (except for the last song "Why Shoud I Be Sad") - the rest of time it's all about sex, excess and fun.
3135;10;Ooh Ooh Baby - I love the guitar...its a real awesome song to sing a long  to.
3134;1;Just fun and happy songs!!
3134;2;The third works well and I love listening to this album from an artist that I've recently begun to really enjoy.
3134;3;Bruno your music is as good as you are cute and adorable!
3134;4;i was really shocked that i enjoyed this music as much as i did.i was not expecting to really like the album like i did and its.my go to music at the gym.
3134;5;Mars is very focused on the type of music he is producing here, and it shows in a very consistent and overall very impactful album.
3134;6;Bruno Mars is popular in my house.
3134;7;like Bruno, good tunes, travel alot, great to pass the time driving, my own personal concert.
3134;8;The lyrics are smooth, the singing is moving, and overall, I just don't think it's possible to hate it.
3134;9;Fun songs that make you want to get up and dance!
3134;10;The third works well and I love listening to this album from an artist that I've recently begun to really enjoy.
3133;1;Anyway, there are some songs on here that I think everyone can enjoy and have alot of fun with.
3133;2;As a result of the recent sad passing of Jeff Hanneman I revisited Reign in Blood in tribute.
3133;3;Aggressive Perfector - Nice closer to a really good album 10/10.
3133;4;Anyway, and Slayer or metal fan should enjoy this CD.
3133;5;I always loved how it had such a focus on the Lord, yes Jesus Saves.
3133;6;Every song on here is a  scarred masterpiece, very short and very sharp shocks that slice scalpel  clean.
3133;7;Just blast this in your car stereo as loud as it goes and let the good times roll.
3133;8;The brevity of the album is one of the things that make this album work so well, were it longer the subject matter would just seem too ridiculous but as it is the lyrics come off as very effective (Angel of Death in particular is quite horrific).
3133;9;Anyway, there are some songs on here that I think everyone can enjoy and have alot of fun with.
3133;10;Yeah I love listening to Fall Out Boy and Good Charollete when I really need to rock hard.
3132;1;I still go back and enjoy listening to this album often, I just wish Layne could have stayed with us but I am happy for the great material this band produced during their tenure.
3132;2;The pain and the agony detailed in Layne Stanleys voice over the bulldozer grunge of Jerry Cantrells guitars is just something of a testament to the early 90s hard rock, and this is a great example.
3132;3;Rest in peace dear brother ... I hope the rest of this group continues in good things .
3132;4;The songwriting is excellent here, with necessary variety yet keeping the general feel intact.
3132;5;I have read your 4 reviews, and you should re-consider your music tastes.
3132;6;Well, it's found a new home in my CD collection.
3132;7;It works, it makes the piece stand out, and it makes it quite frankly better than anything on the band's debut...But "Dirt" isn't so much about driving metal as the debut is, but rather covers a number of different sounds and feels.
3132;8;The lyrics of Dirt are macabre, metaphorical, gritty, and eerie, Layne's singing and emotion is the stuff of legend, and Jerry Cantrell's influential and varied guitar work is memorably bleak and cryptic.
3132;9;It's a very fun way to do it, and mostly overlooked.
3132;10;I finally got a chance to listen to this CD all the way through, and I love it.
3123;1;It's fun and a bit retro with new songs to enjoy and old standards to join in.
3123;2;The music brought back pleasurable memories from many years ago.
3123;3;It is good to hear her singing again.
3123;4;The music brought back pleasurable memories from many years ago.
3123;5;The music brought back pleasurable memories from many years ago.
3123;6;Christmas (baby please come home).10.
3123;7;I like listening to music while driving, sometimes with family in the car.
3123;8;Michael wisely changes the lyrics to sing Santa buddy, and it works well with that modification...On the ever-popular Silent night, Michael is superbly backed by a children`s choir.
3123;9;Thanks for the Great CD, fun easy listening great background music for holiday party
3123;10;I absolutely love this CD and it's the main Christmas CD I listended to this past year.
3122;1;The way she sings it, the tone in her voice, the emotion and the catchiness of it all - it really does touch the depths of your soul..."When It Hurts So Bad" is an excellent song about confused love, while "I Used To Love Him" is a fantastic duet with Mary J. Blige in which the two sing about a guy they once loved, but don't anymore.
3122;2;WHEN IT HURTS SO BAD - moody tale about unrequited love, I loved the harps used in the musical production & the real pain in her voice.
3122;3;but I thought of a good title to sum it all up..."Time warp" is my title to my review simply because you can play this album on the radio 10 years from now and people would be jammin like the album came out yesterday.
3122;4;A voice that swims through a past of pain, broken-hearts, love for men, her child and her world.
3122;5;She kept her focus in the delivery of this album which gives the listener a smooth ride from track to track.
3122;6;I also loved the school house interludes which seamlessly moved the tracks along - whereas some album interludes are intrusive and create bloat in albums, these worked with the tracks and served as semi-introductions...I love this entire album but to this day, the tracks that really touch my heart are:.
3122;7;Good to listen to around the house while doing chores or taking a drive in the car.
3122;8;The way she sings it, the tone in her voice, the emotion and the catchiness of it all - it really does touch the depths of your soul..."When It Hurts So Bad" is an excellent song about confused love, while "I Used To Love Him" is a fantastic duet with Mary J. Blige in which the two sing about a guy they once loved, but don't anymore.
3122;9;All in all a must have for any Beatles collection that is so fun to listen to.
3122;10;All of them have to deal with the love, the joys, and the pains of romantic relationships and none of them cross the other out.
3121;1;Excellent as good as Purple rain but I bought both that's more complete!!
3121;2;It's always so sad when a performer passes way too young, but the great music he left us will live on for many years to come.
3121;3;Excellent as good as Purple rain but I bought both that's more complete!!
3121;4;Great to lift mood and move to.
3121;5;i read somewhere that it has some sexual tones.
3121;6;Great to lift mood and move to.
3121;7;You can dance to his music, you can work out to his music and you can sing in the car and know every single word to every song on this CD and that's the reason I got it!
3121;8;It's always so sad when a performer passes way too young, but the great music he left us will live on for many years to come.
3121;9;You can dance to his music, you can work out to his music and you can sing in the car and know every single word to every song on this CD and that's the reason I got it!
3121;10;I love Prince so I just had to get the VERY BEST of Prince CD.
3120;1;This album simply reaks of 80's which is actually a good thing as the songs are suprisingly catchy.
3120;2;Great speed/thrash metal, especially for the time.
3120;3;This album simply reaks of 80's which is actually a good thing as the songs are suprisingly catchy.
3120;4;Great speed/thrash metal, especially for the time.
3120;5;Oh yeah and I read another eview which made no sense at all by a user named AvrilLavigne #1 fan.
3120;6;"Phantom Lord": Another great song that is the first on the album to feature clean guitars.
3120;7;But Metallica has been a driving force throughout those 20 years, and this is where it all began.
3120;8;Lightning fast riffs, intense (and intelligent) lyrics, incredible solos, this has everything Metallica fans (and all metalheads) love.
3120;9;James Hetfield shows youthful creativity in his fun, adolescent lyrics and Motorhead and Venom influenced guitar riffing.
3120;10;Arguabley the album that made Metallica famous and rightfully so, If you like thrash you'll love this, if you hate thrash you'll still love it.
3127;1;For those of you reminiscing about the "good ole daze," I recommend you give this fantastic collection the attention it deserves by putting on some headphones, sitting waaaaaaay back in the easy chair, lowering the lights, and then let the memories flow with high school sweethearts, breaking up, making up, proms, yearbooks, and all the rest...
3127;2;"Everything I Own" is a love ballad that strikes me with its beauty
3127;3;"Truckin", "Too Much Love", "Look what you've done", "Down On My Knees"...had edge, raw vocal ability, and good hooks, and as James Griffin said himself, "We never saw ourselves as creators of the soft-rock movement", or words to that effect.
3127;4;If you got crazy for the blond girl next door to your parents' when you were a 70s teenager, or that funny-freckled cheerleader you met at Junior High, this CD is for you!
3127;5;Check out the rest of the Bread albums and dig deeper for the cuts that seldom, if ever, got on the radio back in the 70's, but could definitely make you wish that James Griffin had been the main focus of this band.
3127;6;The arrangements here are clean and the playing is excellent.
3127;7;We are both Bread fans and enjoy them when we travel.
3127;8;"It Don't Matter To Me" touches me greatly
3127;9;I had many a broken heart, yet great friendships because of this music.
3127;10;"Everything I Own", which I once thought was a love song about a former girlfriend, is actually a loving tribute to Gate's father.
3126;1;I am happy she was discovered and her moment of fame is for us to enjoy.
3126;2;Her style has been formed by her 40+ years of life experience - pain, harship, success and joy.
3126;3;Susan can even deliver good gospel!
3126;4;But wow did she show them!
3126;5;But wow did she show them!
3126;6;This was a christmas present for my family & it has become a part of our tradition while decorating the house.
3126;7;In fact, we have played it non-stop in my wife's car since purchase.
3126;8;It's a tribute to what really great lyrics have come from people like Jagger and Richardson...Go get 'em Susan!!
3126;9;I totally related to Susan especially when people in the audience began to make fun of her when she came on stage.
3126;10;I will play this one over and over and love it more each time.
3125;1;I even enjoy a couple of the lesser-known songs, like "Little Dreamer", where Diamond Dave (I want a nickname like that) has all kinds of fun on vocals, and the hard-rockin' blues shuffle "Ice Cream Man".
3125;2;This one is in fact a real metal classic with not a bad song on this one.
3125;3;"Jamie's Cryin'", though not a bad song, hints at filler but it's good filler.
3125;4;Van Halen is arguably the best album in Van Halen's entire career.
3125;5;I read somewhere that VH1 is Warner Bros' best selling  catalog album.
3125;6;His expressive tenor voice helped to produce clean, harmonious background vocals, serving as a counterpoint to David Lee Roth's baritone lead vocals
3125;7;Because, when I play it in the car, the party emotions kick it.
3125;8;The lyrics seem cheesy in a way (which is never a bad thing) and it's easy to see, if you've given the previous tracks a good listen, that DLR can easily pull it off.
3125;9;Ed's sunny sound is way more fun and fits well with Roth's goofy lyrics, giving the band and the album a good-time vibe that's made it the soundtrack for many many millions of parties since it came out.
3125;10;While i like all the stuff from VAN HALEN, both with David Roth and Sammy Hagar, this is my favourite one(FAIR WARNING is great too...)All the songs are great and amazing like the classics AIN'T TALKING BOUT LOVE, RUNNIN WITH THE DEVIL, ON FIRE, FEEL YOUR LOVE TONIGHT and ATOMIC PUNK!!!!!!
3124;1;I even enjoy a couple of the lesser-known songs, like "Little Dreamer", where Diamond Dave (I want a nickname like that) has all kinds of fun on vocals, and the hard-rockin' blues shuffle "Ice Cream Man".
3124;2;"Jamie's Cryin'", though not a bad song, hints at filler but it's good filler.
3124;3;"Jamie's Cryin'", though not a bad song, hints at filler but it's good filler.
3124;4;List to the whole thing and you will know why these guys are rock gods.
3124;5;If you are looking for good rock and roll, and I know you are if you are reading this review, buy this CD.
3124;6;"on Fire" is the closing song of the album, with it's appropriate title, the band cooks & smokes its way through the song...Van Halen surprised the world with this dynamic release, certainly one of the most original of albums.
3124;7;Because, when I play it in the car, the party emotions kick it.
3124;8;The lyrics seem cheesy in a way (which is never a bad thing) and it's easy to see, if you've given the previous tracks a good listen, that DLR can easily pull it off.
3124;9;Ed's sunny sound is way more fun and fits well with Roth's goofy lyrics, giving the band and the album a good-time vibe that's made it the soundtrack for many many millions of parties since it came out.
3124;10;While i like all the stuff from VAN HALEN, both with David Roth and Sammy Hagar, this is my favourite one(FAIR WARNING is great too...)All the songs are great and amazing like the classics AIN'T TALKING BOUT LOVE, RUNNIN WITH THE DEVIL, ON FIRE, FEEL YOUR LOVE TONIGHT and ATOMIC PUNK!!!!!!
3114;1;Guardians is just a fun action film that you don't even need to know about the characters'  back stories to enjoy.
3114;2;Each song fits so well with each scene it accompanies.
3114;3;Guardians and Watchmen stay close to their source material in their own fairly believable universes, but what I love most about these movies is they're trying to be good films, not just fan service for comic book readers.
3114;4;I listen to it at the gym and I just have to smile when I hear "Come and Get Your Love" and remember Starlord.
3114;5;Thoroughly enjoyed the movie and the music was central focus.
3114;6;After seeing the movie I returned home and ordered this right away.
3114;7;I thoroughly enjoyed listening to these songs during the movie, and I enjoyed them while driving in my car.
3114;8;Feel good music you probably already know the lyrics to.
3114;9;Guardians is just a fun action film that you don't even need to know about the characters'  back stories to enjoy.
3114;10;Love a couple of tracks, liked most of the rest.
3115;1;Each song is at the very least really good, with the vast majority qualifying for great and fantastic.
3115;2;(although ''so far, so good, so what'' wasn't that bad, i liked alot of it.)
3115;3;Short, and mebe simple but a good song 5/5.9)Rust in peace.
3115;4;Whether it's at the gym or driving around it's a good time.
3115;5;Awesome lyrics on this album...Holy Wars...read the lyrics,.
3115;6;With this new cohesive lineup, Megadeth's cooks definitely did "not" spoil the broth, and made big waves with Rust - regarded by the majority to be the band's finest hour.
3115;7;There isn't much to fix if a product ain't broke, specially when it comes to Megadeth forth and arguably best album "RIP"...The album was, is, and will always be one of Thrash Metal's cornerstone...Fast, driving, distorted and amazing riffs, backed up by great bass lines and aggressive, killer beats is a combination hard to beat.
3115;8;Add on that Dave's passionate vocals and intelligent lyrics and you have the masterpiece we all loved...Trully there is little if any room for change.
3115;9;It's a change in the album, but still is interesting and fun to listen to.
3115;10;Add on that Dave's passionate vocals and intelligent lyrics and you have the masterpiece we all loved...Trully there is little if any room for change.
3112;1;What a trip it was to get this album...the songs and their quality is great and it took me back to happy memories with good music.
3112;2;Terrific, and not a bad song on it.
3112;3;What a trip it was to get this album...the songs and their quality is great and it took me back to happy memories with good music.
3112;4;The collection of songs in this album is awesome.
3112;5;I always loved the somewhat 'precious lines' " And she reads her Emily Dickinson, and I am my Robert Frost".
3112;6;She is now 34 and wanted to have their music in her own home.
3112;7;What a trip it was to get this album...the songs and their quality is great and it took me back to happy memories with good music.
3112;8;Classic song lyrics by Simon, reflecting the times and his unique style of musical storytelling.
3112;9;I love "Cecilia" the best and the song was used for a Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean ice dance routine in their professional years so I always remembered it.
3112;10;She will turn it up and we will sing really loud and really of key but we love this kind os music ti just make you feel good and you want to sing along with it.
3113;1;At other times, like in the freewheeling narrative of "Lily, Rosemary, And The Jack Of Hearts" or the wheezing blues of "Meet Me In The Morning," it's simply good fun.
3113;2;"You're a  Big Girl Now" parallels Dylan and his ex-wife's separation and his  longing and pain in a beautiful ballad.
3113;3;All I know is that this release has brought me a great deal of pleasure over the years, both in good times and bad, and I cannot fathom BLOOD ON THE TRACKS  not being a part of my collection.
3113;4;These tracks, with their lyrical and mood variations give the listener an  even greater insight into Dylan's finest hour.
3113;5;For those of you who read my Wonder Boys soundtrack review you'll notice several of the Dylan tracks selected for that project are from this album, and that makes perfect sense.
3113;6;It houses one of his best vocals and most intriguing stories, a tangled, cryptic web of a couple whose paths intercross when they least expect it.
3113;7;This is the culmination of his mellow period, driving Dylan to an artistic catharsis because of a new ingredient in the mix of domestic bliss: pain.
3113;8;Great lyrics, great music, great emotion.
3113;9;At other times, like in the freewheeling narrative of "Lily, Rosemary, And The Jack Of Hearts" or the wheezing blues of "Meet Me In The Morning," it's simply good fun.
3113;10;In 'Buckets of Rain,' Dylan's looking  out into the rain, and reflects on life and love like no one else has ever  done, and finally makes peace with his lonliness and longing for his love,  moves on, but will always share a part of his heart for her.
3118;1;Whatever you were doing, wherever you were,  the timeless music of EW&F brings all those emotions flooding right back to your cranium...enjoy the trip!
3118;2;Oldies but goodies, classic Earth, Wind, and Fire.
3118;3;When I am feeling good -or want to feel good I play this!
3118;4;Love it, great for eliptical workouts.
3118;5;Oldies but goodies, classic Earth, Wind, and Fire.
3118;6;I call it my "get up and clean the house while you dance" music.
3118;7;Whatever you were doing, wherever you were,  the timeless music of EW&F brings all those emotions flooding right back to your cranium...enjoy the trip!
3118;8;Whatever you were doing, wherever you were,  the timeless music of EW&F brings all those emotions flooding right back to your cranium...enjoy the trip!
3118;9;So much fun to sing and dance to!
3118;10;I love the song September.
3119;1;Fun and enjoying CD to listen too.
3119;2;quite possibly my favorite single jazz album, way up there with _kind of blue_ and the charlie parker compilation i have.
3119;3;The mlps design is very good and ranks among the best that I've ever seen and the DSD remastered sound quality is very good although the bass is a little overwhelming in parts but not too much to spoil your overall listening enjoyment...Great mlps design, great sound quality and of course great jazz makes the mlps release of this great album and easy review...Very highly recommended!
3119;4;Both take a couple of lstenings before they start making an impact.
3119;5;He sure has unique style and much focus to his playing ability and improvising.
3119;6;The Super Audio CD version sounds incredibly clean on my home theatre system.
3119;7;Other tracks do not fail to enchant either--Strange Meadowlark is an elegant slow composition driven by Dave's fine piano playing, Kalthy's Waltz is a complex yet compulsively listenable piece done in quick waltz time, while Everybody's Jumpin' and Pick Up Sticks are 6/8 compositions that close the album on a high note.
3119;8;Dave Brubeck was way ahead of his time, and it was sad to see his recent passing.
3119;9;"Everybody's Jumpin'" is a tune that captures a party where everyone is relishing friendship and conversation.
3119;10;Both take a couple of lstenings before they start making an impact.
3116;1;I recieved this CD in a timely manner at a good price and have enjoyed listening to it several times!
3116;2;The only bad thing is Cale is gone but this album serves as a fine reminder of a great man.
3116;3;this is a good CD can't say not one song is bad i have been looking around for more of the same should you like him and his Friends get it you would be happy to have it play it all the time .
3116;4;That these men are kings of the six-string and give their guitars a good workout, they've made abundantly clear by the end of the record.
3116;5;WiIlie is Willie but most of the performers actually emulate JJ's tenor and tempo.
3116;6;Clapton hits another home run, I loved the songs and the variety of artists.
3116;7;The whole album is great, and great for driving in the car.
3116;8;The only bad thing is Cale is gone but this album serves as a fine reminder of a great man.
3116;9;He brings some good friends to the party, too.
3116;10;The more I play it the more I love it.
3117;1;"Leave Me Alone" certainly shows Michael's creativity as a fine recording artist, too
3117;2;Truly one of the best...In the end, "Bad" was an album that met the bar raised previously by 1982's "Thriller".
3117;3;One thing's for sure, and that's `Bad' had several good, and a few great songs.
3117;4;Everything else is just as gripping and fantastic as it was upon it's original release.
3117;5;My friend and now blogging partner Henrique and I were talking about this album from a musicians perspective-basically on the level of MJ in the late 80's becoming more focused on his performance than instrumental quality control.
3117;6;One of the things that characterized this album in my personal family was that it was the first Michael Jackson album during his Quincy Jones era my family never had in the house growing up.
3117;7;Great song for driving on the highway.
3117;8;I like how personal Leave Me Alone is
3117;9;That's part of the fun.
3117;10;Every single track is incredible in its own way, songs like Bad and leave me alone are powerful, I just can't stop loving you and liberian girl are romantic and touching, speed demon and another part of me are just fun and catchy, and then you have man in the mirror which is in a league of its own.
3106;1;The reggae stuff is especially fantastic: "Wrong 'em Boyo" is a bouncy good time
3106;2;All the negative energy of punk - the ideals that contrast against society, the arrogant, yet stoic defiance against everything evil, and the icy, almost sadistic humor - has been meshed with multiple styles of music to create a record overflowing with gems...The title track will immediately leap right out and grab your attention, even before the first word is sung.
3106;3;Its just as good as the other reviewers claim.
3106;4;london calling was one of the greatest punk rock albums ever and is hugely recommended along with their self titled album containing the classic MARRAKESH EXPRESS.hugely recommended.five stars.
3106;5;Obviously, a good record and you know this if you're even reading this.
3106;6;The Clash invited every style, idea, beat, and culture into their music, mingled with it, and danced with it until it hit home.
3106;7;It has a real driving rhythm, and you can tell that some bands today were also infulenced by this song.
3106;8;Even songs like "Lost in a Supermarket" are clever, in how they use silly lyrics to portray social and political concerns.
3106;9;They really transcended the limits of punk to create a funky and fun album that is also serious and revolutionary.
3106;10;I really love this album.
3107;1;very good cd of greatest hits guns and roses.
3107;2;Those who bad mouth this cd sure it doesn't have particular songs on it but to me it contains the best hits other then the two songs I mention above.
3107;3;very good cd of greatest hits guns and roses.
3107;4;Plays great and fast delivery
3107;5;you read my review and I'll check back tomorrow.
3107;6;Plays great and fast delivery
3107;7;This is about as Heavy Metal as I like it--and good driving music.
3107;8;Those who bad mouth this cd sure it doesn't have particular songs on it but to me it contains the best hits other then the two songs I mention above.
3107;9;Since I Don't Have You.Ain't It Fun.
3107;10;All the greatest hits that I love...Worth the money...One of those rare CD's where more than a couple of songs are good....This whole CD is great...highly recommend.....
3104;1;Quality beats quantity, we all know that, and this album succeeds in that, more than well, with 27 songs, sounding all good and well-worked!
3104;2;I love them both and am sad that these great rappers had to pass.
3104;3;Quality beats quantity, we all know that, and this album succeeds in that, more than well, with 27 songs, sounding all good and well-worked!
3104;4;Good music to listen to when you go to the gym.
3104;5;This album was fantastic and should be study material for the kid rappers of today who put out garbage...uh Drake.
3104;6;ABSOLUTELY worthy of a five star rating.
3104;7;Yes, Pac had some clichs in his songs too, corcerning material (cars, money, hoes...)but, he had a lot to say in many songs too, he had awesome beats, melodies and a great voice!
3104;8;Great Production, Great Lyrics, when you listen to this cd, you feel the emotion that was put into it.
3104;9;There's deeper songs, there's more love-like songs and there's pure party songs, and almost every of the 27 tracks are really neat, and sound different from the previous.
3104;10;I love them both and am sad that these great rappers had to pass.
3105;1;I highly recommend this CD to any fan of Josh Groban, or just anyone who wants a fantastic assortment of songs that the whole family will enjoy!
3105;2;One of my favorite musicians, he is unbelievably talented and this cd, definitely one of his best, not a bad song on it, worth every penny.
3105;3;I find these albums very relaxing and great for falling asleep to.
3105;4;His voice is so mature and sensual.
3105;5;He has a  beautiful voice &, from what I have seen & read, seems to be very down to earth person.
3105;6;A young Groban, loaded with great songs, incredible talent, and is always pleasant to listen to either while traveling or at home.
3105;7;I was anxious to get a new Josh CD to have fresh music in my car while traveling around town.
3105;8;If you have never heard Josh Groban, you may be pleasantly surprised at his range and emotion through each and every song he sings.
3105;9;This is the fourth Groban CD we own, and there is always room for his articulate, sensitive and just plain fun vocals.
3105;10;I love when he sings in Italian, so romantic.
3110;1;This is only the third album I've heard from this band and I'd have to say that the good songs on here are very well crafted, but as an album, I enjoyed listening to Brave New World and Seventh Son of a Seventh Son more.
3110;2;Every song is epic, and will surely cause neck pain from excess head-banging.
3110;3;The intro is pretty good and the lyrics aren't that bad.
3110;4;I first got into them, when I picked up their 1984 masterpiece "Powerslave" back in 2002 when I was really getting myself more into metal music, and it was really one of the absolute best metal albums I've ever listened to, and I instantly became a fan for life.
3110;5;If you play guitar, study this album closely because it contains the best harmony guitar parts ever put down on record by any Metal band.
3110;6;They'll then return to their home planet praising the virtues of humanity.
3110;7;The next song "2 Minutes to Midnight" is another one of Maiden's best well known songs, and another favorite of mine here that features an awesome memorable opening riff that leads right into an array of more entrancing and driving riffs, sweet fluid bass playing, driving drum beats, but it's Bruce's vocals that once again steal the show.
3110;8;The intro is pretty good and the lyrics aren't that bad.
3110;9;if you want great maiden this is where it is, for other great maiden, try 'killers' and 'piece of mind,' the new stuff  'dance of death' and 'brave new world' are not as good, but given a chance they have some fine momements.
3110;10;Even the album's cover artwork is just so incredible, I love it.
3111;1;Good shipping, great condition after shipment, Very happy.
3111;2;As stated in earlier reviews you have 2 fantastic female vocalists in this band and the way they interact vocally snd musically with the others make this group special and a pleasure to listen to.
3111;3;Rhino, we all know you're good, relax now.
3111;4;As stated in earlier reviews you have 2 fantastic female vocalists in this band and the way they interact vocally snd musically with the others make this group special and a pleasure to listen to.
3111;5;Great to read and see!
3111;6;I feel younger and listening to the songs makes exercising and cleaning the house almost enjoyable.
3111;7;A real treat to play in the car while driving along!
3111;8;The multimedia content covers a lot of ground, from a discography and song lyrics to a documentary and other rarities that are worth checking out, even if you're a casual fan.
3111;9;"Family Man" is goofy fun, while "As Long As You Follow" still floats like a butterfly and stings like.....a stolen kiss.
3111;10;The real Fleetwood Mac---love it
3108;1;Listen to most of the songs,this is good.
3108;2;Yeah yeah yeah, all this was released before, and yeah yeah yeah, nothing new for real Gn'R fans, and yeah yeah yeah, the band didn't aprove it's release and yeah yeah yeah there are better Gn'R songs out there and many other bad things you can say about this album.
3108;3;Listen to most of the songs,this is good.
3108;4;Absolutely better than anything by Green Day.
3108;5;you read my review and I'll check back tomorrow.
3108;6;Absolutely better than anything by Green Day.
3108;7;I have heard live versions of songs from the album and they are incredible, cuts like madagascar, the blues, Rhiad and the Bedouins reaffirmed my belief in Axl, and I think if this album ever hits the light of day it will be huge...Also check out a band called Rose hill Drive, they are the most exciting band out today and any true fan of rock and roll should enjoy them.
3108;8;The lyrics, the choir, the guitars all work together beautifully to produce the best metal ballot of all time.
3108;9;Since I Don't Have You.Ain't It Fun.
3108;10;All the greatest hits that I love...Worth the money...One of those rare CD's where more than a couple of songs are good....This whole CD is great...highly recommend.....
3109;1;The songs are great, the playing is great, and even Ozzy sounds good.
3109;2;Not bad, but it sounds like an add on to the creation itself, which is phenomenal!
3109;3;"13" is far from unlucky
3109;4;Try it and you will see.
3109;5;This album is so nostalgia heavy it might be more interesting to read a review from someone who's never heard Black Sabbath's music before, or music from their early period...Amazon reviewer Steve Good also wrote, "overall this is a great, heavy Sabbath album that, surprisingly, stands up really well to their early work.
3109;6;Try it and you will see.
3109;7;Great to listen in the car too as it has an awesome driving beat straight through.
3109;8;And his lyrics offer observations of the world in which we now find ourselves.
3109;9;, great reminders of the band's sound through its various periods over the years, and funky, fun production elements.
3109;10;Got introduced to the band in the late seventies and have loved them since.
